Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Associate Accountant Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Degreed Associate Accountant with 5 plus years of experience in tax compliance, accounts
payable, bank reconciliations, and fixed assets. Successful coordination of deadline-oriented
projects among various departments and staff jevels, Hard-working, dedicated team player with
the ability to blend analysis, problern-solving, and organization to produce effective results,
Extensive experience in SAP FICO and BI reporting modules MS Excel Viookups, pivot tables,
formulas ONESOURCE 1099 ProSystem, Tax ProSystern, Responding to IRS notices and requests,
Meeting urgent deadlines, Building relationships.

SKILLS

Advance Knowledge In Microsoft Excel And Microsoft Office Suite, NetSuite Accounting System,
Institutional Accounting Systern, CashPro Financial Systern, QuickBooks Pro, Bloomberg, DATATEL
Colleague, Concur And Outlook,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Accountant
ABC Corporation - September 2013 - Present

* Collecting funds and daily reports for deposits frorn the box office, and development
departments.

* Preparing daily deposits by calculating and entering verified daily totals (cash, checks, credit
cards) into spreadsheet(s) reporting systern.

* Cornrmunicating efectively and efficiently with all levels of rnanagement by telephone and/or
email,

* Receiving and opening Incoming mailed receipts and matching receipts to completed dally
deposits,
Reconciling monthly financial reports for receipts issued through the student accounting
department,
Working with payroll contacts to coordinate payroll deductions, new rnernber Information,
corrections, updates, and changes.
Cornrnunicating with members and staff regarding transactions relating to accounts,

Accountant
ABC Corporation - June 2013 - August 2013

* Pracessed and balanced dally ACH file to include edits, posts, returns, and exceptions.

+ Updated and managed the finance section of the SharePoint site using HTML.

* Prepared forms and manuals for accounting and bookkeeping personnel, and directed their
work activities.

* Developed, Implernented, modified, and docurnented recordkeeping and accounting systems,

making use of current computer technology.
* Represented clients before taxing authorities and provide support during litigation involving

financial Issues.

» Advised management about issues such as resource utilization, tax strategies, and the
assurnptions underlying budget forecasts.

* This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role. In
case if you dont need It you can delete it,

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines