SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced [Job Title] with [Number] years in leading accounting systems for [Type] operations. Enterprising
and cost-driven with well-organized approach and good project management skills. Sophisticated
understanding of [Type] and [Type] requirements. Diligent financial professional with strong accounting
background and proven [Type] industry expertise. Monitored business operations and regulatory compliance
for large corporation. Superior account management and reconciliation skills leading to achievement of
desired results. Motivated accounting professional focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and
controls responsive to dynamic operating conditions. Detail-oriented and methodical with excellent
mathematical skills. GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge. Hardworking and reliable [Job Title] with strong
ability in [Task] and [Task]. Offering [Soft skill], [Soft skill] and [Soft skill]. Highly organized, proactive and
punctual with team-oriented mentality.

e« GAAP Accounting « Accounts payable

« Tax return filing e Financial analysis

« Budgetary Governance e Adobe software proficiency
e« Account reconciliation expert e Full-cycle accounting

« Regulatory Compliance e Reporting

« A/PandA/R e Payroll administration

« Auditing e Accounting and bookkeeping
« Payroll liability and deductions e« Tax Preparation

e Financial Planning e Financial Auditing

« General ledger entries e« Account reconciliation

« Payroll management e Customer relations

e Year-end close

OQ ACCOUNTANT 04/2018 to CURRENT

Aaa Of Southern California | Inglewood, CA

e Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.

e Supported budget administration with detailed expense analyses and report reviews.

e Maximized tax refunds by striving to obtain taxable income, deductible expenses and allowance details.

e Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

e Created and executed short- and long-term customized comprehensive financial strategies to reach
company goals.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

e Kept financial records for healthcare operations representing more than $9m in yearly revenue.

e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis.

e Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions, including A/P and AVR tracking,
budgeting. payroll transactions, wage allocation, salary expenses, online donations and bank, credit
card and petty cash reconciliations.

e Maintained accurate accounts for cash, fixed assets and other transactions.

e Represented clients in interaction with tax authorities and provided knowledgeable litigation support to
resolve financial issues.

e Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

e Secured staff payment traceability, accurately calculating deductions while preparing and processing
payroll via Payroll Network.

ACIOUNTANT AND STAFF AUDITOR 12/2012 to 10/2019
Genuine Parts Company | Chester, VA

e Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.

e Established complete accounting structures, processes and controls to meet business requirements.

e Maximized tax refunds by striving to obtain taxable income, deductible expenses and allowance details.

e Created and executed short- and long-term customized comprehensive financial strategies to reach
company goals.

e« Aligned all financial activity with GAAP regulations and standards.

e Informed clients of permits, certificates, applications and documents required by various government
agencies.

e Delivered superior level of customer service to all small business clients.

e Mitigated annual audit risks and developed final certification reports for small businesses.

e Assessed accuracy, completeness and integrity of corporate financial records.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e Oversaw full accounting cycle and prepared applicable financial statements.

e Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions, including A/P and AVR tracking,
budgeting. payroll transactions, wage allocation, salary expenses, online donations and bank, credit
card and petty cash reconciliations.

e Audited information and implemented data into the system using [Type of Software].

e Gathered audit data to compile into reports, which were disseminated to the correct personnel and
clients.

e Monitored new trends and technologies related to audit areas to implement modifications in processes
and procedures.

e Communicated audit findings by preparing and disseminating final reports to [Job Title}.

e Evaluated [Type] operations data and produced relevant audit reports.

e Analyzed balance sheets for mistakes and inaccuracies.

e Verified assets and liabilities by comparing items to [Type] documentation.

e Devised and initiated corrective strategies to improve compliance.

e Wrote reports, authored papers and organized supporting documentation.

e Presented audit results to management teams, delivering information in non-technical terms for easy
understanding.

e Performed audits of operational and financial areas to check compliance.

e Complied with Sarbanes-Oxley Act and GAAP principles to maintain complete transparency.

e Performed information system audits to manage internal controls and assess risks.

STOFF ACCOUNTANT 06/2016 to 06/2018
Magadia Consulting Inc. | City, STATE

e Assessed accuracy, completeness and integrity of corporate financial records.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e« Streamlined financial [Task] by accurately processing bank reconciliations and delivering financial
reporting.

« Monitored and tracked expenses to keep business on track with financial targets.

e« Managed financial operations, month-end reporting, financial schedules and reconciliations.

e Represented clients in interaction with tax authorities and provided knowledgeable litigation support fo
resolve financial issues.

e Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.

e Closely monitored income and expenses fo prepare accurate documents and [Type] tables.

« Completed detailed income and expense projections through close analyses of overhead, operational
and labor costs, as well as revenue and general expense trends.

e Gained accounting efficiency and improved documentation coordination through development of
optimal journal entry schedules.

e Reviewed benefit liability accounts and vacation time to identify and correct discrepancies.

« Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

e Analyzed financial management practices to minimize financial discrepancies and reduce expenses.

e Kept financial records for [Type] operations representing more than S[Amount] in yearly revenue.

e Reviewed AP general ledger entries and deposits for contract compliance.

Master of Science | Accounting And Information Systems
University of Maryland Global Campus, College Park, MD

BEA | Accounting 05/2016
Universisty of The District of Columbia, Washington, DC