PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Focused Account Specialist with 5 years of experience. Adept at writing detailed reports and budgets,
completing detailed financial analysis and planning strategically for top client services. Detail-oriented with
extensive knowledge of cash and record maintenance and comprehensive account reconciliations. Driven
Account Assistant enthusiastic about streamlining operations and increasing team efficiency. Bringing 8 years
of clerical and customer-focused experience. Experienced Accountant proficient in laws and procedures
governing business operations, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Handles detail-oriented work in
methodical and organized fashion. Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make positive
impact on business operations. Adept at managing budgets. payroll, invoicing and all other general
accounting functions diligently. Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within
budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts. Familiar with managing
schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP. ledger updates and
report writing. Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities.

e Month-end reports ¢ Data Entry
e Data processing e Bookkeeping
e File and database management e Account Reconciliation
e Commission calculation e GLaccuracy
© ACCOUNTANT 05/2012 to CURRENT

Akorn, Inc. | Cranbury, NJ

e Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.

« Completed daily accounting tasks including tracking funds. preparing deposits and reconciling
accounts.

e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.

e Provided journal entries and performed accounting on accrual basis.

e Trained new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.

e Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll
administration and general bookkeeping.

e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for [Number] employees.

e Verified over ${Amount] of cash and credit payments daily.

CLOHIER 02/2010 to 01/2012
Bed Bath & Beyond | Sandusky, OH

e Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with [Number]% accuracy.

e Counted cash in register drawer at beginning and end of shift.

e Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving
discrepancies.

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty.
satisfaction and sales numbers.

e Restocked, arranged and organized merchandise in front lanes to drive product sales.

e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.

¢ Efficiently processed new orders, completing [Number]+ daily transactions with remarkable accuracy.

e Served needs of more than [Number] customers in busy [Type] environment.

e Worked closely with [Job title] to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

SEQVER 06/2002 to 04/2007
Indigo Hall | Charleston, SC

e Monitored guests for intoxication and immediately reported concerns to management, contributing to
safe and welcoming environments for all patrons.

e Enhanced operational efficiency by using slow periods to restock employee and customer supplies,
including ice, condiments, utensils, napkins, trays and delivery bags.

e Created orders, documented special requests and followed up with kitchen personnel to foster top-
quality service and minimize complaints.

e Cleaned and coordinated cleaning of indoor and outdoor dining spaces- wiping tables, placing trash in
receptacles and replenishing supplies.

¢ Coordinated [Number] events throughout [Number] banquet spaces, including weddings, reunions, and
corporate meetings.

e Arranged tables for customers, following established preparation procedures to provide guests with
excellent experiences and foster repeat business.

e Replenished food items and other supplies, which included paper products and canned goods to keep
pantry well-stocked during busy periods.

e Prepared beverages and filled food orders for customers.

CACIIER 06/1996 to 04/2000
Captain D's | City, STATE

e Restocked, arranged and organized merchandise in front lanes to drive product sales.

e« Checked identification for proof-of-age and refusing alcohol and tobacco sales to underage customers.

« Checked prices for customers and processed items sold by scanning barcodes.

« Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty.

satisfaction and sales numbers.

e Reviewed and resolved differences between accounting information and cash drawer.

« Served needs of more than [Number] customers in busy [Type] environment.

« Assisted customers by answering questions and fulfilling requests.

High School Diploma 05/2000
Lincoln High School, Dallas, TX