SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Wel-grounded leader experienced in accounting and business positions and pursuing challenging new role

with Doenges. Successful at optimizing control systems and building solid teams to meet business needs and
achieve demanding financial targets. Good reporting, records management and interpersonal skills.
Seasoned Financial Management professional with proven expertise in accounting processes, systems
oversight and compliance reporting. Knowledgeable about AP/AR, contract administration, budgeting and all
other aspects of successful financial operations. Talented team builder and supervisor with expertise to
develop and maintain consistent, accurate and legal accounting structures.

e Financial budgeting e Mentoring and training
e Departmental oversight e Risk analysis
e Financing expertise

© ACCOUNTANT 06/2079 to CURRENT

Aar Corporation | Palm Bay, FL

e Managed movement of $3 million in funds every week.

e Streamlined operational efficiencies, using accounting software to record, store and analyze
information.

e Facilitated month-end close processes. invoicing, journal entries and account reconciliations.

e Reached out to customers to verify information and follow up on issues.

e Represented clients in communication with tax authorities and provided knowledgeable litigation support
to resolve financial issues.

e Supported asset transfers, lender and equity requests. and audit inquiries.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents, and invoices.

e Worked with leadership to prepare operating budgets and facilitate financial planning.

e Supported budget administration with detailed expense analyses and report reviews.

e Developed 30-60-90 day past due report to track monthly defaulted donors.

e Reviewed financial statements to determine any discrepancies.

e Identified operational processes inefficiencies and recommended necessary improvements.

« Supervised payroll, AP and AR and general ledger activities.

e Adhered to state and federal protocol regulations by completing tax return process with no
discrepancies.

e Analyzed costs and revenues to project future trends.

e Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.

e Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions including A/P and AVR tracking,
budgeting, payroll transactions, wage allocation, salary expenses, online donations, and bank, credit
card and petty cash reconciliations.

e Maintained accurate accounts on cash, prepaid credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.

e Compiled and analyzed financial reports with exceptional organization and precision.

e Developed spreadsheets to track expenses.

e Disseminated account information and various metric data by producing detailed reports.

e Calculated, prepared and filed payroll taxes for clients.

e Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.

e Supported senior leadership by preparing monthly and quarterly financial statements to enhance
database accuracies.

Vic_= PRESIDENT 11/1999 to 04/2008
Finn Partners | Fort Lauderdale, FL

e Integrated marketing and sales strategies with business development and operational leadership plans.

¢ Monitored business trend forecasts and adjusted budgets and operational plans to maximize growth
and opportunities.

e Developed and monitored internal control systems.

e Coordinated work across departments to keep teams on track with company goals.

e Directed and oversaw capital improvement projects.

¢ Cultivated and maintained strong industry relationships and customer partnerships to capitalize on
opportunities and maximize business success.

e Spearheaded launch of overdraft privilege checking account, including project management from
concept to completion.

e Managed workforce development programs by evaluating, interpreting and enforcing human resource
policies and regulations and developing industry training programs and conferences.

e Hired and managed 20 employees to maximize productivity while training staff on best practices and
protocol.

e Determined performance goals and offered tactics for achieving milestones.

FI[- ANCE MANAGER/CUSTOMER SERVICE MGR/SERVICE DEPT 09/1990 to 10/1999
Patelco Credit Union | Lafayette, CA

Worked various duties, started managing an area first of a in house finance car sales department. Worked
part time in the beginning in the finance and insurance office, Toyota customer service manager, and filled in
at the service department desk.

After the in house finance department was closed moved to full time finance and insurance department.

ASOT BRANCH MANAGER 08/1989 to 08/1990
World Acceptance Corp. | City, STATE

e Ensured clients received comprehensive packages containing all key information, including demand
letter and loan authorization.

e Structured manageable repayment plans with delinquent borrowers of commercial, mixed use, multi-
family and home equity loans.

e Located debtors by utilizing skip tracking and other strategies.

e Negotiated credit extensions to assist customers in paying overdue accounts.

e Notified customers of delinquent accounts with attempt to collect outstanding amounts.

e Prepared packages containing all pertinent documentation for collections accounts.

e Recorded and updated customer personal accounts with accurate contact information.

e Recorded information about customers' financial status and collections status efforts.

e Located and monitored overdue accounts using billing system to begin collections process.

Bachelor of Arts | FINANCE
Pittsburg State University, Pittsburg, KS