Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Communicative relater and team-oriented individual with strong adaptability to people, and a variety of situation and work
environments. Experienced in building or redeveloping Policy and Procedures. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills

and project management abilities.

Skills
¢ QuickBooks e Payment processing
¢ General ledger entries e ID verification
e Accounts payable e Issue resolution
e Accounting and bookkeeping e Liquor regulations and compliance
e Customer relations ¢ Knowledge of wine and spirits
e Account reconciliation « Customer assistance
¢ Team development ¢ Cash drawer balancing
¢ Community outreach ¢ Credit and cash transactions
¢ Volunteer engagement ¢ Staff mentoring
e Training oversight e Event coordination
e File and Records Management ¢ Scheduling and calendar management
¢ Time management e File and data retrieval systems
¢ Volunteer evaluations e Training and coaching
e Volunteer needs assessments * Microsoft Office
¢ Volunteer scheduling ¢ Data entry
¢ Grant writing ¢ Invoicing and billing
e Effective customer communication e Event planning and execution
e Customer support and assistance e Internet and E-mail Marketing
¢ Cash register operation e PPE use
¢ Merchandise restocking e Analytical
¢ POS systems e Flexible

Experience

Accountant, 05/2017 to 08/2017
Anne Carlsen — Minot, ND
¢ Reconciliation of expenditures of $ 512 million annual budget.
¢ Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
¢ Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis.

e Assisted with quarterly financial documents.

Call Center Customer Service Specialist, 10/2016 to 01/2017
Eastern Metal Supply — Fort Myers, FL
¢ Boosted productivity by maintaining strong call control and quickly working through scripts to address diverse problems.
e Pursued opportunities to advance client relations skills and further enhance customer satisfaction in every interaction.
e Resolved average of 80 inquiries per week to consistently meet performance benchmarks, including speed, accuracy and volume.
¢ Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.
e Shared detailed information regarding the diverse company offered pest control options to help customers make decisions.
¢ Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Assisted 250+ callers per week in fast-paced environment.
e Evaluated customer account information to assess current issues and determine potential solutions.
¢ Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.

¢ Corresponded with Technician department team members to build and implement successful solutions to customer problems.

Cashier/Overnight Crew Member, 07/2016 to 01/2017
Kroger — City, STATE
e Assisted customers based on currently available product, promotional and policy information.
e Reviewed current planograms and end cap placements to properly merchandise items.
e Prepared products for sales floor by adding tags and readying pallets or restocking.
e Updated signage to reflect current prices and help promote target merchandise.
e Helped customers complete purchases, including processing payments and bagging items.
¢ Removed product from boxes and placed on shelves according to merchandising guidelines.
e Observed strict safety measures while stocking shelves to prevent falls and mishaps.

Office Administrative Assistant, 07/2015 to 01/2016
Progressive Communicationsine — City, STATE
e Sorted and distributed business correspondence to correct department or staff member, reducing dropped communications and
enabling faster responses to key requests.
e Conducted research using various media sources to obtain relevant data for staff requirements.
e Answered phones to direct callers, schedule appointments and provide general office information.
¢ Set up and maintained physical and electronic filing systems to maintain organizational efficiency.
¢ Prepared packages for shipment by generating invoices and setting up courier deliveries.
e Organized conference room space and materials for internal and customer meetings, took notes and distributed meeting minutes
to support executive needs.
e Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
¢ Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes.
¢ Obtained scanned records and uploaded to database.
¢ Responsible for researching state, and other applicable laws in 15+ states and locations while keeping concise records required
for our company to obtain titles and/or permits to operate at all times.

¢ Managed office duties, including ordering materials, organizing workspaces, answering emails and making phone calls.
Education and Training

Associate of Science: Business Administration And Management, 05/2007
North Central Texas College - Bowie, TX
e Dean's List 2006-2007

Bachelor of Science: Business Education
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

« Completed Two Semesters
Activities and Honors
PTO President- Nocona Elementary School, Nocona ISD 2013-2015
Certifications

e Nocona Elementary School :Mentor/Mentee Program Award 2014/2015
e Licensed American Association of Notaries - Est 2015