Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; [nfo@awikresume, corm
Website : www. qwikre sume, corm
Senior Accountant Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

17+ years of experience as a Senior Accountant Looking to obtain a position which enables me to
further enhance my skills In financial managernent and corporate audit policies and procedures
while utilizing my technical knowledge of systern functionality, stellar customer service, and
interdepartmental collaborative skills in an effort to becorne a significant asset to the University,

SKILLS

Project Management Financial Analysis & Reporting Proficient In Microsoft Office Excel, Word,
PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote Customer Service Clear Cormmunication, Strong Work Ethic To
Ald In Problern Solving, Strong Knowledge Of Financial Auditing, and Account Management,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Accountant
ABC Corporation - February 2005 - Present

* Preparing annual operating reports (AOR) as appropriate for federal and/or state aid
prograrns, ensuring accuracy and compliance with applicable regulations.

» Assisting inthe preparation of the final draft version of the Universitys fiscal operations report
and application to participate (FISAP), docurnenting the Universitys Usage of title lv funds.

* Maintaining, as appropriate, collections activity reports on the federal Perkins loan program
and responsible for oversight of related collections activity.

* Analyzing Universitys student financial activity in conjunction with the bursar,

* Informing University stakeholders on any and all potential audit risks and compliance
exposure as It relates tothe administration of internal and extemal funds.

* Maintaining an atrnosphere of accuracy, cornpliance and vigilant stewardship of funds in

urview.

* Fa lews revise and recommend changes to operational policies and procedures as they relate

to accounting, reconciliation, disbursements, and cashier.

Administrative Assistant
ABC Corporation - Novernber 2002 - January 2005

* Handled daily assortrnent of Invoices for all cornpany vendors and employees.

* Audited employee expense reports ensuring compliance with company procedures and
guidelines,

* Coordinated travel arrangements and prepared expense reports for employees in
sales/finance department.

* Greeted and directed appointments, vendors and office visitors.

* Composed, prepared, edited, and distributed correspondence and other department
documents.

* Maintained conference rooms calendar for 12 health centers.

* Data entry of MIFS (Multi Purpose information Forms),

EDUCATION

Bachelor Gf Science in Psychology - (Walden University)Assoclate Of Applied Science in Law
Enforcement - (Baltimore City Cormmunity College)Diploma- june 2007(Baltimore City Juyenile
Justice Center)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines