JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and payroll management. Offering 2 years of experience handling finances for 6
locations. Processed payroll, payables, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Currently working towards obtaining Certified
Managerial Accountant license.

SKILLS
¢ Payroll Management e Discrepancy Reconciliation
e Accounting Records Analysis e ERP Software (SAP)
¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries e Flexible and Adaptable
e Processing Invoices and payments. e Payroll Auditing
¢ Financial Reporting © Problem Solving
Work History

11/2020 to Current Accountant
Aspirus — Rhinelander, WI

e Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate reports.

¢ Partnered with auditors on annual audits, internally and externally.

¢ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.

Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, cash and banking
reconciliations.

e Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.

e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

e Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.

e Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software
proficiencies.

¢ Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.

e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

e Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly reports.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

11/2019 to 11/2020 Accounts Payable Clerk
Continental Services — Troy, MI

e Applied proper codes to invoices to keep records organized and easily searchable.

¢ Prepared vendor invoices and processed outgoing payments.

e Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies.

e Reviewed vendor invoices for appropriate documentation and validity prior to payment.

e Reconciled processed work by verifying entries and comparing system reports to balance numbers.

e Maintained good working relationships with vendors and resolved disputes.

e Maintained payable shared email inbox and digitized invoices for processing.

e Identified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed daily reports and analysis.

e Analyzed financial data derived from multiple reporting systems to develop recommendations for operational and
performance improvements.

e Assisted day staff by completing daily computer backups, virus checks and program updates.

© Used SAP and Excel to perform accurate financial analysis and audits to mitigate financial risks.

e Computerized recordkeeping systems, initiating and maintaining financial accurate and current tracking in SAP.

e Reduced financial discrepancies, effectively reconciling bank accounts and organizing information into accounting
software.

12/2013 to 11/2019 Customer Financial Services
Verizon Wireless — City, STATE

e Reviewed collection reports to determine status of collections and amounts of outstanding balances.

e Handled C2B customers in fast-paced office setting in coordination with solid team of 15 customer service
associates.

© Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

e Communicated professionally with colleagues, freelancers and clients.

e Surpassed collection goals through implementation of effective collection strategies.

e Kept high average of performance evaluations.

e Performed day-to-day collections functions.

e Persistently reached out to customers with extremely past due accounts to recover lost revenue.

e Trained new collections representatives on collections processes and incentivized team members to achieve
production goals.

e Negotiated with account holders to devise repayment plans and minimize collections receivables.

© Delivered exceptional customer service on collection calls and maintained calm and professional demeanor.

e Processed payments and applied to customer balances.

e Maintained high volume of calls and met demands of busy and productive group.

EpucaTIon
05/2020 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
College of Charleston - Charleston, SC
05/2015 Associate of Science: Mathematics
Trident Technical College - North Charleston SC
06/2012 High School Diploma

Cane Bay High School - Summerville, SC
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I enjoy learning and creating more efficient reports that benefit the company, its employees, and its analysis process.