JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Experienced Excavator Operator with Over 10 years of safe operation Experience ( Physical Excavation by diving in the sea with boat and
sharp blade bucket). With Background working with dredger, movers and lifting equipment. IT and Accounting experience. Good English and
Igbo Language Communicator.

SKILLS
« Routine Cleaning e Ground disturbance Issues
* Safety Procedure ¢ Pre-operational equipment checks
e Written and verbal communication e Insure proper pipe rigging
EXPERIENCE

02/2022 to 11/2022 Ministry Assistant
Avery Dennison Corporation — Seattle, WA
e Excavation of Sands by diving in sea.
e Excavation of sand using dredger -
e Moving of sand to loading site
e Lifting and loading sand on Tippers
¢ Maximized equipment and personnel protection by identifying and avoiding hazards.
¢ Performed equipment inspections before and after each shift, turning on equipment logs to direct supervisor.
¢ Conflict resolution
e Team building
¢ Problem resolution
e Maintained updated knowledge through continuing education and advanced training.
© Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
e Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
e Excel , Microsoft Word, Access, Power Point and QuickBooks

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2021 Certificate: Human Right Education / Business Consultancy
US Human Right Institute - New York

01/1998 Traning: Professional Diving And Instruction
Training - Mr. Emmanuel Doc (The Excavator! Diver Trainer)

08/2021 Certificate : Business Analytics Course
Alightpro - Online

02/2014 Post Graduate Diploma in Education (PGDE) Qualification To Do Masters Degree: Educations / English
Ahmadu Bello University /National Teachers Institu - Zaria Sokoto Nigeria

09/2005 Higher National Diploma (BSs Equivalent): Accounting
Akwai State Polytechnic - Ikot Osurua Akwai Ibom State Nigeria

03/2000 National Diploma (ND): Business Studies
Akwai Ibom State Polytechnic Ikot Osurua - Akwai Ibom State Nigeria

02/2022 Career4U Program : Microsoft Software Administrator
Houston Community College - Houston, TX