Professional Accountant Resume

JOHN SMITH
360-555-1212 + 9600 NE My Address St. - Seattle, WA11111 + jsmith@nowhere.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Versatile team player eager to contribute a strong finance, accounting, & administrative background
toward actively supporting the success of a progressive organization offering opportunities for growth in
exchange for superior performance.

PROFILE

» Offer a 10-year background in accounting and finance, with experience ranging from P&L/financial
statements, management reports, general ledger, and journal entries to multi-state payroll, accounts
payable/receivable, reconciliations, inventory variances allocation, and job costing

Additional cross-training and experience in diverse areas of business operations including staff
training and direction, order management, software training, and operational/technical documentation
Effectively identify, develop and execute strategies to boost productivity, efficiency and quality
Dynamic organization, project planning, tirme management, and multi-tasking abilities

Actively facilitate and contribute to collaborative team environments and welcome increasing
responsibilities as well as opportunities for professional development

Readily adapt to new professional settings/industries and adeptly acquire and apply new skills and
knowledge toward supporting company goals

PC Literate with technical proficiency in Axapta, MAS9O/MAS200, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite
(including Excel Spreadsheets}, and ADP Payroll (Certified)

¥ ¥ ¥¥Y¥Y Y¥

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company Name 2005 - present

Accounts Payable Specialist/Payroll Specialist‘Accounting Specialist

e Apply sharp organization, analytical and multitasking abilities toward managing accounts payable,
general ledger transactions, accounts receivable, daily invoicing, cash posting, and multiple account
reconciliations.

e =Proficiently handle full-cycle accounts payable for over 200 vendors, with accountability ranging from

weekly check processing and GL coding to account reconciliation and allocation.

Process bi-weekly payroll for over 100 employees nationwide.

Facilitate sales order process from initial receipt, confirmation and updating through timely delivery.

Demonstrate dynamic leadership skills in training and directing team members.

Strategically developed innovative order process and procedures that has been adopted by company

and remains in use to date.

Company Name 2004 - 2005
Corporate Store Accountant
e «Efficiently managed payables and receivables including reconciliations, payroll and general ledger
functions.
e Posted, reconciled and allocated inventory variances to general ledger for corporate office as well as
? multi-state cafes.
¢ Steered reconciliation of bank and credit card accounts.

Company Name 2001 - 2004

Accounting Manager

e Compiled and prepared detailed financial staternents, management reports and journal entnes.

e Developed and produced Excel spreadsheets for P&L, balance sheet, income summary, and trial
balance.

e = =Productively managed multi-state payroll processing.

* Significantly improved accounts payable/receivable operations by developing and implementing
proactive workflow procedures.

Company Name 1996 - 2001
Bookkeeper