JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Detail-oriented Accountant with [Number] years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial
organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management and reporting. Works closely
with executive management on complex business actions including mergers and acquisitions and divestitures.

SKILLS

« Account reconciliation, QuickBooks Pro e Financial

« Accounting, Quick books e Financial statements

« Accountant I, QuickBooks e Forms

e Accountant, Reconciling e Graphic

e Accounts Payable, Recording e Image

e Accounts receivable, Research e Inventory

e Accruals, Sales e Managing

e Premier, Settlements e Access

e Analytical skills, Shipping e MS excel

e AP. Spreadsheet e Excel

e AR, Taxes e Microsoft Excel

e Auditing, Tax e MS Outlook

* Banking ® Outlook

¢ Bookkeeping e Word

« Closing e Enterprise

¢ Interpersonal and communications e Payroll

« CPA e Personnel

« Credit © Coding

* Clients * Quality

« Documentation e Intuit QuickBooks specialist

e Filing e Account reconciliation specialist
Work History

01/2018 to 01/2019 Accountant
American Advanced Management, Inc — Sebastopol, CA

e Macroaxis is a wealth management platform that allows self-guided investors to manage and optimize their
investment portfolios.

e As part of my job I was responsible for bookkeeping, preparing sales invoices, checking account reconciliation and
timely payment of vendor bills.

¢ My responsibility also included creating monthly financial reports, answering users payments and subscription
inquiries and dispute resolution settlements with PayPal.

e Technologies QuickBooks Pro, PayPal, Microsoft Excel and Word.

01/2016 to 10/2017 Staff Accountant
Prestige Care, Inc — Bellevue, WA

e Asa staff accountant I was involved in various areas of accounting functions for the franchisees as well as our
corporation, including preparation of financial statements, preparing Payroll for franchises, and closing procedures.

e Regarding Sales journal entries reviewing and auditing sales report submitted by franchisees/clients for accuracy,
and recording weekly sales transactions into QuickBooks to reflect operational activity.

¢ Preparing monthly payroll tax deposits, filing payroll tax returns and forms quarterly and annual w2's for the
franchisees.

e Review credit card statements and coded expenditures to the right account.

e Reconciling various Bank accounts and credit card statements on monthly basis for both corporation and
franchisees.

¢ Perform account reconciliations and preparing financial statements ensuring accuracy.

e Interfacing with the clients and assisting them with accounting related questions and other assistance, interface with
other accounting personnel and ensure proper inter-company transactions.

e In AR and Banking for the corporation tracked monthly rent received from all the franchisees and accounted for
weekly royalties received ensuring accuracy.

® QuickBooks Premier 2017, Excel spreadsheet, and MS Outlook.

11/2014 to 01/2016 AP Specialist
Leaffilter North, Llc — Wilmington, OH

¢ A&D Automatic Gate and Access Inc.

e Is the largest access control manufacturing company in Northern California specializing in automatic vehicle gates,
access control systems and parking revenue systems.

e As an AP Specialist my job responsibilities included reviewing invoices for proper documentation and approval
prior to payment, process 3-way P.O.

e Matching invoices, process check requests and weekly check runs, respond to all vendor inquiries, reconcile
monthly vendor statements, research and resolve any discrepancy, preparing 1099s for multiple vendors annually,
update inventory records, maintain files and documentation thoroughly and accurately in accordance with the
company policy, entering and coding all the corporate credit card (AMEX, Chase) transactions and reconciling
them on monthly basis.

e In AR and Banking my task included remote deposit of customer checks on daily basis, review customer invoices
entered into Quick books and issue credit memo as required, preparing and filing sales and use tax.

® QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions, MS excel, Word and Outlook.

02/2011 to 10/2014 Accounts Receivable
Productivity Inc — Cedar Rapids, IA

¢ Best Graphic Image is a technology supplier company that sells top quality products from top brand name in
technology industry.

e As an accountant, I was responsible for full cycle accounts receivable process including processing orders placed
on behalf of customers, making packing slips, and creating invoices, applying customer payments/credits to the
invoices, preparing A/R aging report and resolving any discrepancies.

e Also. performing credit card and bank account reconciliations.

e Besides, managing full cycle Accounts Payable process, preparing purchase orders, 3 way match for vendor
invoices with the purchase order, shipping manifest and packing slip, interacting with vendors for any invoice
discrepancy on regular basis, running weekly checks.

¢ Besides, preparing sales tax liability report and filing sales tax on-line, preparing payroll journal entries.

e Also, generating monthly financial statements for the management.

e Technologies QuickBooks Premier Accountant 2013, Microsoft Excel and Word.

EpucaTIon

Master’s degree: Accounting and Commerce
University of Lucknow

Certificate of Achievement in Accounting.

Certificate in Microsoft Excel Candidate for Uniform CPA Exam: . Have passed REG, FAR & BEC . Testing appointment for AUD.
De Anza College - Cupertino, CA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

¢ Currently pursuing CPA. Possess Masters degree in Accounting. Proficient in QuickBooks & Excel. Preparing and filing quarterly
Payroll and Sales taxes. Successful AP, AR and sales process experience. Experience in working with multiple vendors and clients.
Performing Bank/Credit card/Account Reconciliations. Preparing journal entries. Experience with Prepaid and Accruals. GAAP standard
and regulations. Good interpersonal and communications skills. Strong work ethics and analytical skills.