SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Talented Revenue Staff Accountant with 6-years background in gambling environments. Expert in overseeing monetary transactions,
coordinating supporting documentation and submitting timely reports to maintain operational transparency. Devise optimal schedules and
assignments to cover all expected demands. Highly organized in handling accounting needs and clerical support. Knowledgeable about
Casino industry requirements and regulations, taxation law and accounting processes. Skilled with accounting software and quick to learn

new processes.

SKILLS

¢ Regulatory Compliance e Interpersonal communication skills

e Customer relations

e Tax law procedures familiarity

« Account reconciliation ¢ Professional telephone demeanor

e Financial Auditing

e Audits

e Auditing e Tax form proficiency

¢ Internal controls compliance © Work ethic

* Money security * Organization

e Foreign currency exchanges e Communication

¢ Cash balancing e Data Management

e Accurate cash handling ¢ Active listening

¢ Relationship building e Team management

« MS Office * Organizational skills
EXPERIENCE
02/2020 to Current Accountant

Atlas Executive Consulting — San Diego, CA

e Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and digital files.

e Checked figures, postings and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy and proper codes.

e Followed detailed end-of-month accounting procedures to verify proper balancing of accounts and readiness for
new month.

e Processed end-of-day paperwork using CMP. Bally Cage Module, SDS, among other casino operating systems,
verifying deposits and rectifying discrepancies.

¢ Implemented program to create daily spreadsheets and streamline financial reporting.

e Trained 3 new clerks on Jackpot, Marketing and 100K JP audits, checking for thorough comprehension for
excellent work.

© Supported clerical and administrative needs of senior department staff.

e Kept records current and accurate with skilled reconciliations and variance resolutions.

© Collaborated with senior staff to produce accurate, current and timely financial reports and supporting
documentation.

e Analyzed documentation and standard financial statements for accuracy.

e Communicated with senior accounting staff about discrepancies and devised plans to reconcile financial issues.

06/2015 to 10/2019 Cage Supervisor

Caesars Entertainment Corporation — Cherokee, NC

e Oversaw cage operations for 9,000,000-square foot casino.

e Received, secured and distributed large sums of money, added funds to casino safe and completed forms and
documentation.

¢ Complied with federal and state regulations by completing required casino forms pertaining to cage transactions.

¢ Cashed out chips and betting slips from casino patrons and performed other financial transactions and opened
credit accounts.

e Addressed complaints quickly by actively listening to concerns and applying effective issue resolution skills to
come up with creative and mutually satisfactory solutions.

e Strengthened control and monitoring systems to keep games in full compliance with Federal and Gaming
Commission regulations.

e Converted currency into requested combinations of bills and coins for patrons.

¢ Smoothly oversaw efficient and accurate monetary transactions between house and customers.

© Moderated floor disputes to protect business assets and resolve customer service issues.

e Contacted security staff to escort patrons with large winnings to vehicles or hotel rooms.

e Answered patron questions about gaming machine functionality and explained how to properly use devices.

¢ Performed minor repairs or made adjustments to slot machines to resolve machine tilts and coin jams.

e Notified security department of identified or suspected illegal play activities and player behaviors.

06/2012 to 08/2015 Cashier

Marriott International — North Olmsted, OH

© Operated cash register, collected payments, and provided accurate change.

¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.

¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.

¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.

¢ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.

e Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts, and provided change.

e Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.

e Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.

e Inspected store products for damage and obtained item replacements for customers.

e Verified customer age requirement for alcohol or tobacco purchases.

e Directed cleaning, trash removal, and sanitation procedures to keep aisles and register area organized.

e Organized store by returning merchandise to proper areas and restocked displays.

e Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays to focus customer attention on specific items.

¢ Unboxed new merchandise and restocked shelves in appealing and organized arrangements to promote items.

¢ Performed floor moves, merchandising, display maintenance and housekeeping to keep sales areas well-stocked,
organized and current.

e Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for entire store to drive sustained revenue and move target
products.

¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2011

High School Diploma
New London High School - New London, CT

Liberal Arts And General Studies
Three Rivers Community College - Norwich. CT

General Studies

Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA