JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Attentive Waitress with superior knowledge of ethnic dining and dedication to fantastic dining experiences. Trained in table-side serving with
understanding of food and beverage pairings and great salesmanship. Known for maintaining speed and accuracy in high-traffic times.
Dedicated food service professional well-versed in food and beverage operations as well as guest services. Experienced in managing large-scale

events or intimate gourmet dining and afternoon tea services. Successful at building relationships with customers to increase loyalty and repeat

business.
SKILLS
¢ Conflict and Complaint Resolution ¢ Menu Memorization and Presentation
e High Volume Dining e Warm and Friendly
* Verbal and Written Communication * Relationship Building
e Dining Room Cleaning and Upkeep ¢ PPE Guideline Compliance
¢ Menu Recommendations e Order Accuracy and Delivery
e High Energy and Stamina e Customer Service and Rapport
* Cleaning and Sanitizing © Food Safety Standards
¢ Cool Under Pressure e Team Player

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 09/2019 - Current
Alliant — Salem, VA
e Managed entire accounting cycle, including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books.
e Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
e Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
¢ Documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

Chef, 09/2019 - Current
College Fresha®, Inc. — Ames, IA
¢ Monitored line processes to maintain consistency in quality, quantity and presentation.
¢ Utilized proper cleaning techniques to sanitize counters and utensils used in preparation of ingredients.
e Collaborated with staff members to create meals for large banquets.
* Oversaw grill, stove and oven and cleaned all equipment after every shift.
¢ Mentored kitchen staff at all levels to prepare each for demanding roles.
¢ Collaborated with other personnel to produce and modify menus and selections.
e Hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance
reviews.
¢ Verified compliance in preparation of menu items and customer special requests.
e Handled and stored food to eliminate illness and prevent cross-contamination.
¢ Responded to dietary concerns and food allergies, creating dishes to meet customer needs and palates.
* Obtained fresh, local ingredients, resulting in lower grocery costs.
e Planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability.
e Prevented cross-contamination from utensils, surfaces and pans when cooking and plating meals for food allergy sufferers.
e Checked freezer and refrigerator prior to each shift to verify correct temperatures.

Waitress, 02/1999 - 11/2002
Healthcare Services Group — Oklahoma City, OK
e Maintained order efficiency and accuracy through clear communication with kitchen staff, earning numerous recommendations from
satisfied customers.
e Shared knowledge of menu items and flavors, enabling customers to make personal decisions based on taste and interest.
e Checked identification for minimum age for sale of alcoholic beverages.
e Carried out complete opening, closing and shift change duties to keep restaurant working efficiently and teams ready to meet customer
needs.
¢ Bussed and reset tables to keep dining room and work areas clean.
¢ Displayed enthusiasm and promoted excellent service to customers, successfully increasing referrals and walk-in business.
e Folded napkins and prepared silverware sets to provide adequate supply for host station.
e Enlisted coworkers' assistance for multi-order delivery to avoid spilling or dropping food.
« Inspected dishes and utensils for cleanliness.
e Stayed up-to-date on menu changes to help customers make food choices.
e Maintained customer satisfaction with timely table check-ins to assess food and beverage needs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Psychology, 06/2022
California State University Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Social And Behavioral Science, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Arts And Humanities, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles. CA

Associate of Arts: Natural Sciences And Mathematics, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Spanish, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Psychology, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

GED: 05/2013
Evans Community Adult School - Los Angeles, CA

LANGUAGES

Spanish: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: