Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

To obtain a challenging XXX in a professional and dynamic environment while utilizing my skills and experience to further my

career in accounting.
Core Qualifications

Excel, Word, Access, and PowerPoint *Knowledge of SAP system

Experience

Accountant, 02/2001 to Current
American Cast Iron Pipe Company — Fort Lauderdale, FL
¢ Document monthly close procedures and recommend and implement new processes as needed.
e Govern inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts and perform analysis including cash settlement on a monthly basis.
e Balance inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts before the close of the balance sheet.
e Prepare Inter-company wire transfer requisitions for manager approval and subsequently complete the cash settlement forecast
for the treasury department.
e Validate cash settlements through the treasury report to ensure that all wires have been processed.
¢ Communicate inter-company settlement status to senior management.
¢ Prepare and post the accounts payable and paper settlement journal entries for the subsidiary companies that are 100 percent
reinsured by the parent company.
¢ Complete account reconciliation by the alert reporting deadlines.
e Prepare a business summary analysis (BSA) for inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts on a quarterly basis and
submit the BSA to the corporate accounting department.
e Approved SAP account requests from multiple departments.

Accountant, 03/1999 to 02/2001
American Electric Power — Wheeling, WV
e Assisted in budgeting the annual expense plan and other accrual analysis for Allstate Motor Club.
¢ Completed monthly close procedures including investment activities, bank reconciliation, income tax provisions, and analyzing
accounts.
e Analyzed and prepared monthly and year to date financial reports to determine liabilities, income statements, balance sheets,
profit and loss, tax liability, and other financial activities.

e Reviewed finance statements during month-end closing process and documented any month end close issues.

Staff Accountant/ Lease Administrator, 05/1996 to 03/1999
Veritext — Cleveland, OH
¢ Completed month-end close procedures and prepared and posted monthly journal entries.
e Assisted with month and year-end closings included downloading and uploading information from the corporate system.
e Prepared and analyzed monthly financial statements.
e Analyzed the monthly sales and expense reports and processed accruals.
¢ Managed the accounting function including general ledger and rent and lease documentation.
e Analyzed and reconciled balance sheet accounts.
e Reviewed and prepared real estate, sales-used, and personal property taxes.
e Managed fixed assets including deferred and amortized account activities.
e Audited accounts payable and 1099 reports and implemented necessary changes.

Assistant Claim Approver, 06/1992 to 05/1996
United Health Care Insurance Company — City, STATE
e Reviewed insurance claims to determine that insured and medical service providers submitted all pertinent information.
e Reviewed insurance claims to determine whether they were covered under the appropriate insurance plan.
e Evaluated medical charges and/or benefits for reasonableness.
e Processed and approved insurance coverage such as PPO, Medicare, Medicaid, indemnity, and renal dialysis.
¢ Adjustment insurance claims in the assigned territory.
¢ Responded to inquiries from medical providers and members regarding the insurance claims to resolve issues in a professional
and timely manner.
¢ Prepared letters or memoranda when required.

e Processed requests from primary care physicians for authorization of specialty referrals.

Proof Operator, 08/1991 to 06/1992
American National Bank — City, STATE
¢ Processed and balanced customer's deposits and withdrawals on a daily basis.

e Prepared necessary adjustments to customer or teller transactions.

Billing Associate, 08/1988 to 09/1990
J. B. Sanfillippo & Son Inc — City, STATE
¢ Performed all industrial billing on a day-to-day basis.
¢ Reviewed and maintained customer account records.
e Managed customer inquiries concerning coverage changes, re-bills, renewal rates, and reinstatement procedures.
e Reviewed customer credit analyses and contacted customers to collect unpaid balances.

¢ Investigated claims for deductions, returns, and excessive freight charges.

Account Receivable Clerk, 05/1984 to 08/1988
Sales Tools Inc — City, STATE
e Receipted money received in the department in the form of checks, lockbox, credit memos, and deductions.
e Prepared and reviewed customer invoices and adjusted any errors from previous invoices.
e Prepared necessary adjustment credited invoices and write-offs for approval.
e Analyzed and reconciled account balances on periodically.
¢ Corrected weekly reports to ensure that subsystem total balances with the general ledger totals.

¢ Assisted in preparing and entering payment vouchers.

Education
Master degree: Accounting

Gujarat University

Accounting

Computer Programming in COBOL language, Triton College in River Grove, IL * 1
Professional Affiliations
Skills

account reconciliation, accounting, accounts payable, accruals, accrual, balance sheet, Balance, balance sheets, bank reconciliation,
benefits, billing, budgeting, COBOL, Computer Programming, corporate accounting, credit, dialysis, documentation, senior
management, expense reports, finance, financial, financial reports, financial statements, fixed assets, general ledger, insurance, letters,
Access, Excel, money, PowerPoint, Word, month-end closing, month end close, primary care, processes, profit and loss, real estate,

reporting, sales, SAP, settlements, tax, taxes, treasury, year-end