Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Property Accountant Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Self-motivated and detail-oriented professional seeking a position where my knowledge of the
Accounting Profession and ability to learn new tasks quickly can be utilized in a fast-paced
business environment,

Skills

Accounts Receivable, Data Entry, Quick books Pro, Quick Learner, Training, Timberline.
Work Experience

Property Accountant
ABC Corporation - March 1999 - july 2007

* Prepared monthly reconciliations for 23 retail properties and 3 apartment bulldings.
Calculated monthly management fees and asset management fees,
Daily cash management Including AYR, A/P, payroll submission for 8 ernplayees and billing.

* Communicated with property managers and owners regarding the financial status of their
properties.

* Calculated CAM estimates and reconciliations.

* Met finance and office services financial objectives by preparing annual budgets for each

roperty.
. Presared and completed action plans by enforcing policies and procedures,

Property Accountant
wae Corperenen- 1998 - 1999

Analyzed all balance sheet and Income staternent accounts and prepare the appropriate
accrual and adjusting Journal entries.

» Reviewed property vendor Invoices into the A/P systern in preparation for cash disbursements
of such payables.

* Prepared monthly accrual basis financial report for investors.

* Provided monthly variance explanation for investors.

* Prepared detailed quarterly and year end support papers and interface with the Companys
outside auditors.

* Complied with financial reporting requirements of various loan and partnership agreements
including preparation of GAAP basis financial staternents for applicable properties,

* Prepared budgets and reforecast for investors.

Education

Associate In Business Management/Accounting - 2009(Rioneer Pacific College - Wilsonville, OR)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines