JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Detail-oriented Accountant with 22 years of effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.
History working as part of a financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management, and reporting. Works closely with executive

management on complex accounting structures.

SKILLS

e Account Reconciliation Processes e General Ledger Accounting
e Customer Relations e Fiscal Budgeting Knowledge
e MS Office Suite e Superior Attention to Detail
¢ Partnership Accounting * Intuit QuickBooks
« Accounts Payable and Receivable e Interviewing and Counseling
e Accounting System Design e Prepare Budgets
e Financial Statements e GAAP Accounting Practices

Work HIsTory

Accountant, 03/2022 - Current
Black & Veatch Corporation — New Castle, DE Chattanooga
¢ Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
e Automated 20 million-a-year AP process
¢ Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating, and cash and banking
reconciliations.
e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
¢ Converted Desktop QuickBooks to Quickbooks online to Set up to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
¢ Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
¢ Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis, and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
© Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.

Controller, 11/2014 - Current
Carelink — Dalton
e Managed budgets, assets, portfolios, accounts payable and receivable and general financial reporting procedures.
e Managed daily financial functions in collaboration with accounting and payroll personnel.
¢ Managed payroll data entry and processing for all 46 employees to comply with predetermined company guidelines.
¢ Prepared balance sheets, cash flow reports, and income statements.
e Supervised accurate, efficient, and compliant completion of monthly financial reporting packages.
e Accurately completed financial statement audits and thoroughly reviewed results.
e Provided treasury and cash management by overseeing the reconciliation of banking activity, credit card processing, and sales tax returns.
e Directed corporate decision-making and planning by monitoring and setting policies and procedures to optimize fiscal performance.
e Mitigated risk by implementing intemal controls and safeguards for revenues and expenditures.
e Worked with 2 executives to create an annual budget and track actual expenses against projected expenses.
e Reviewed contracts financially impacting the company and counseled executive leaders on the impact contracts would have on company

operations.

Director of Finanace, 04/2019 - 02/2022
Banfield Pet Hospital — Chattanooga, TN
¢ Developed accounting procedures to accommodate needs of company that doubled in size in 12 months.
e Hired and directed teams to achieve daily and long-term operations and business goals.
¢ Worked closely with organizational leadership strategically affect operational direction.
e Managed daily operations while overseeing staff of 5.
¢ Monitored office workflow and administrative processes to keep operations running smoothly.
¢ Delegated assignments based on plans, project needs, and knowledge of individual team members.
e Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.
e Focused teams on developing innovative and cutting-edge approaches with effective resource allocation and strategic planning.

¢ Made recommendations for changes in funding process and policies based on data and judgment.

Owner, 03/2006 - 12/2018
Stewardship For Life — City, STATE Ringgold
e Managed day-to-day business operations.
¢ Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.
e Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions.
e Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts and costs.
© Recruited, hired and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new
organization.
e Remained up-to-date on current trends and attended industry trade shows and markets to view and order inventory.
¢ Established, optimized and enforced business policies to maintain consistency and high-quality standards across industry operations.
¢ Founded and managed service business, growing revenue to $200,000 in first year.
e Generated revenues yearly and effectively capitalized on industry growth.
e Reduced personnel turnover and promoted employee development by recruiting team-oriented candidates and implementing new training

practices.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts: Accounting, 09/2001
Chattanooga State - Chattanooga
© 3.9GPA

* summa cum laude graduate