JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept
at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.

SKILLS

e Payroll administration e General ledger accounting
® Year-end close e Account reconciliation
e HST and WSIB remittance ¢ Purchasing
e Accounting and bookkeeping e Inventory Control
e General ledger entries e Shipping/Receiving
e A/P and A/R

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 03/2001 - 03/2023
Boise Cascade — Riverside, CA
¢ Monitored accounts receivable, advising of delinquencies or other account irregularities.
¢ Processed and managed accounts payable, driving accuracy and on-time payment of vendor invoices.
¢ Established and maintained filing systems to support office personnel.
e Supervised business office staff and administrators, driving office operations.
¢ Monitored office inventory to maintain supply levels.
e Oversaw departments and staffing coverage to facilitate day-to-day operations of business office.
e Directed and oversaw office personnel activities.
e Assisted in processing travel and expenses by gathering receipts, coding charges and submitting worksheets.
e Interacted professionally with customers and inside personnel, answering questions and responding to phone and email inquiries.
e Used specialized accounting software to debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases.
¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
¢ Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.

¢ Reviewed financial information detailing assets, liabilities and capital and prepared balance sheets and profit and loss statements.

Bookkeeper, 03/2001 - 03/2023
Solaris Healthcare
e Performed basic accounting, payroll and bookkeeping services to manage business operations.
e Entered deposits, credit card charges and sales entries to facilitate cash management.
e Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A’P. invoicing, billing and collections.
¢ Prepared bank reconciliations, managed field audits and reviewed accounting records for accuracy.
¢ Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.
e Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking reconciliation and disbursements.
* Sorted documents, matching supporting invoices to procurement documents and verifying invoices for payment.
¢ Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
¢ Verified and posted account transactions to prepare checks and maintain accounting ledgers.
¢ Received payments from customers via cash, check and credit cards to pay company invoices.
¢ Reconciled company credit cards, expense accounts and other expenses and financial records.

¢ Calculated and produced checks for utilities, taxes and other operational payments.

Payroll Administrator, 03/2001 - 03/2023
Berry Plastics
¢ Produced and filed payroll reports every Week.
e Managed payroll for employees at Two different locations.
¢ Provided information by answering employee questions about payroll-related matters.
¢ Reconciled bank statements and prepared and entered standard journal entries for month-end close.
* Calculated and applied wage garnishments.
¢ Calculated overtime, vacation sick hours and other categories of time.
e Prepared physical checks for employees and check stubs for those receiving direct deposits of funds.
*« Completed account reconciliations, deposits and expense tracking.
* Oversaw payroll processing to comply with tax laws and court-ordered wage assignments and garnishments.
e Recruited, interviewed and selected employees to fill vacant roles.
* Identified and recommended updates to payroll accounting software, systems and procedures.

Group Leader - Senior Rater, 06/1994 - 03/2001
Linamar Customs Department — City, STATE
e Tracked shipments and communicated with carriers to confirm arrival time and release.
¢ Researched and interpreted rulings, compliance publications, guidelines and customs regulations.
e Prepared and processed import and export documentation according to customs regulations, laws and procedures.
¢ Calculated duty and tariff payments owed on each shipment based on standard tables and legal requirements.
e Filed and documented incoming shipments in Customs software with careful attention to detail and accuracy.
® Cleared goods through customs and verified delivery to client destinations.
e Requested and compiled necessary customs invoices, certificates of origin and cargo-control documents.

¢ Monitored shipments and obtained clearance from customs and other agencies.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Financial Accounting, 2005

Conestoga College Institute of Technology And Advanced Learning - Kitchener, ON

High School Diploma
Guelph Collegiate Vocational Institute - Guelph, ON

CERTIFICATIONS

e 1993 Customs Broker Licensing
¢ Payroll Training Courses
¢ Collecting your Money Course