Robert Sm ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

Website : www, qwikresume, com

Revenue Accountant LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Revenue Accountant Ii/Ill with 8 years of experience is seeking to obtain a challenging and
rewarding position that will utilize my finance and accounting abilities,

SKILLS

Forex Management, Forecasting, Budgeting And Projections, Financial Statements Analysis,
Treasury And Corporate Finance Functions, Financial Modeling, Analytical, Project Accounting,
Fluent In MS Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Excellent Communication, SAP Fl Module

WORK EXPERIENCE

Revenue Accountant
Devon Energy - March 2012 - Present

Analyzing revenue on over 1.5 million barrels of oil including analysis on special lease

provisions, a division of interest, as well as complex manual journal entries on account

reconciliations.

Selected by the Management to assist in the transition of all spring revenue accounting

operations to Oklahoma city during O1 and-Q2 of 2016,

Assisting In the implementation of SAP, and the conversion from the AS400 systern In 2012,

Developing a career path document for the frst seven accounting roles, and developing

targeted training bundles for each accounting level ta improve the ernployee knowledge base

and training through targeted development specific to the employees level of operation within

Devon, presented to all nancial and operations accounting VPs, Directors, Managers, and

Supervisors, distributed to all accountants within Devon,

Wrote procedures published to all revenue accounting groups and division orders for

processes in SAP for updated pay decks, transfers, reverse/rebooks, flare gas, DCP database,

gas litt, and volume deficiencies,

Training new team members and helping facilitate the intern training and management
FOCESS.

Completiig the several IDPs working on leadership development and employee management

strategies,

Revenue Committee Chairman
Council Of Petroleurn Accountants Societies - Septermber 2010 - August 2012

Maintained, verified and posted transactions into different types of accounting software.

* Reconciled the financial reports, such as balance sheet and profit and loss statements.
Entered checks, invoices, bills into the clients&rsquo; QuickBooks files either in-house or
onsite.

Contacted clients regarding Accounting matters.
Participated in planning, development, organization, evaluation, and implementation of the
clients&rsquo; bookkeeping needs.

* Assisted in the closing of various company books daily, weekly, monthly and/or quarterty.

* Accountable for investigations of discrepancies between general ledger arnounts and bank
statements.

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines