SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Hardworking individual who is ready for her next challenge. I've been selected for multiple jobs in the past that I hadn't worked in the
department for and was given manager just based on my work ethic. I'm a great multi-tasker and take my work seriously. I'm currently an
accountant in my field, but managing a group was where I thrived.

SKILLS

e Customer relations

e General ledger entries

e Account reconciliation « Management

e A’/P and A/R e Unloading Truck by hand
e Payroll management * Stocking

e Year-end close e Running a team

« Accounts payable

¢ Rotating merchandise

« General ledger accounting e Managing a backroom
« Accounting and bookkeeping e Multi-tasking
* QuickBooks

EXPERIENCE

05/2019 to Current Accountant

Bodybuilding — Henderson, NV

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

e Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and cash inflows.
* Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes and other payments.

¢ Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.

12/2013 to 05/2019 Meat Manager

Weis Markets, Inc. — Tannersville, PA

e I started in Deli, then they promoted me to Backroom Supervisor with no experience in back room and I had it
running smooth. They promoted me to General Merchandise support manager and because of previous experience I
could help out every I was needed. I took over the Meat Department and fixed what was previously failing
department. My bosses bosses boss inspected it and called it perfect. I love a challenge.

¢ Monitored inventory usage, placed supply orders and oversaw stocking of new goods.

¢ Priced items correctly and created all related signs and tags to notify customers of sales and special promotions.

e Coached team members on equipment safety, food handling and merchandising techniques.

¢ Determined effective department schedules and delegated work to employees based upon strength and experience.

e Used empathy and persuasive negotiation skills to deliver positive customer experience.

e Established loyalty, executing flawless customer engagement to drive client retention.

e¢ Completed monthly stock inventories and tracked loss by inputting data into handheld system.

¢ Guided and supported staff members to consistently achieve team and personal goals.

e¢ Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

¢ Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.

¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company
programs.

e Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements.

e Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance.

e Reviewed employee performance and provided ongoing feedback and coaching to drive performance improvement.

e Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

¢ Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities.

e Evaluated individual and team business performance and identified opportunities for improvement.

¢ Planned and led team meetings to review business results and communicate new and ongoing priorities.

© Mediated conflicts between employees and facilitated effective resolutions to disputes.

e Planned and delivered training sessions to improve employee effectiveness and address areas of weakness.

© Proposed or approved modifications to project plans.

e Performed waste minimization, saleable yield and predictive costing methods for meat department.

e Advised customers on alternative cuts, cooking methods, storage requirements and nutritional aspects of meat.

e Implemented health and food safety protocols for sales and production environments.

06/2013 to 11/2013 Kwik Trip Employee

04/2009 to 06/2013

Grand Pacific Palisades Resort — Carlsbad, CA

Attended to cash register as needed

Cooked food for the hot spot

Stocked shelves and coolers

Attended to nightly cash register, safe, and lottery machines
Cleaned floors, bathrooms, and emptied trash

Housekeeping Supervisor
The Osthoff Resort — City, STATE

e Supervised and supported housekeeping personnel to maximize quality of service and performance.

e Verified each completed room against standard plans to maintain consistency.

© Collaborated with front desk to respond promptly to guest requests and promote positive experience.

e Stocked room attendant carts with supplies to keep carts organized and clean.

e Practiced safe work habits and wore protective safety equipment.

e Submitted repair requests to maintenance team to reduce operating costs and improve energy-saving strategy.

e Checked inventory for required supplies and made lists for needed cleaning products.

e Sanitized and cleaned sinks, mirrors, toilets and showers.

¢ Communicated with maintenance team on damages to repair.

¢ Monitored cleanliness of lobby, swimming pool and other common areas.

¢ Reported damage or theft of hotel property to management.

e Managed team of employees, daily progress reports and overall project planning.

e Swept and damp-mopped private stairways and hallways.

© Collaborated with multiple departments to maximize workflow and efficiency.

¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company
programs.

e Explained goals and expectations required of trainees.

e I started as a housekeeper, then became a Houseman, who preps the rooms for the housekeeper. Then a night
runner, who delivers to rooms from 4pm till 1230am, then a supervisor. Every new position they gave me I excelled
at.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2019

Associate of Science: Accounting
Lakeshore Technical College - Cleveland, WI