SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Branch Manager with exceptional drive and dedication to accomplishing business objectives and exceeding
customer expectations. 28+ year history of success in financial industry. Enthusiastic manager experienced in
leading branch staff to exceed sales goals while delivering excellent customer service. Results-oriented
Branch Manager with a solid career history in banking environments. Familiar with all relevant governing acts
and statutes, as well as strategies and best practices to improve operations and enable business growth.
Decisive leader, strategic planner and complex problem-solver. Focused on applying leadership skills to make
lasting improvements to efficiency, procedures and employee retention. Desiring to leverage 28 years'
experience in banking to take on a challenging long-term position with a growing operation.

* Regulatory Compliance and Federal regulations « Excels in team leadership

« Account reconciliation, Internal Audits e Staff supervision and employee development
« A/P. AJR, G/L accounting and payroll (coaching and mentoring)
administration e Hiring and employee training
« Knowledgeable in ACH, Mobile Banking and e Safety Protocol
Remote Deposit Capture e Sales and goal oriented
« Strategic Planning e Consultative and relationship selling
e IRS/EDD reporting e Rapport and relationship building
e IRA expert e Collaborated closely with Loan department and
e Notary Public and Certified Loan Signing Agent Marketing department to create innovative
e Proficient in Word, Excel, Outlook, FRB, Catalyst marketing campaigns
and Symitar « Dependable, reliable with excellent work ethic
« Cash management e Energetic, people-oriented with strong
« Customer and vendor relations interpersonal skills
e« Opening and closing processes e¢ Multi-tasking ability

¢ Multilingual in Filipino (Tagalog)

© ACCOUNTANT 08/2021 to CURRENT

Benteler | Grand Rapids, Ml

e Conducted ACH risk assessments for compliance purposes

e Tracked employee payroll processes to verify timely reporting.

e Responsible for monthly IRS and EDD reporting.

e Process dormant accounts.

e Responsible for timely reconciliation of Catalyst and FRB statements, Accounts Payable reconciliation.

e Process ACH, Remote Deposit Capture and Mobile Banking.

« Handles Visa debit card disputes.

e Responsible for Deferred Comp accounts.

e Review and approve invoices for payment.

e Responsible for regulatory internal and external audits and exams.

e Responsible for the accurate and timely reconciliation of the investment portfolio for security paydown
on FRB and FHLB. Timely completion of FRB Discount report.

e Back-up for Accounting Tech 1 and 2.

e Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.

e Adheres to regulatory compliance, and is responsible to keep up with regulations, Reg E, Reg D, Reg
CC, BSA, NACHA and Green Book.

e Administrator for the Fedline, Catalyst, COOP. ChexSystems, Ascensus, ELAN systems and other
platforms for maintenance of new, existing and terminating employees credentials.

e Serves as a managerial lead in the Accounting department.

BF.ANCH MANAGER, OPERATIONS 08/2007 to 08/2021
Central Coast Federal Credit Union | City, STATE

e Built strong rapport with new and existing members to better serve financial needs and promote branch
loyalty.

e Addressed members concerns with suitable solutions.

e Verified cash by balancing cash drawers, vaults and maintaining cash count records.

e Tracked all negotiable items: Cashier's Checks, Money Orders, and Debit cards.

e Assigned duties to employees and examined work for accuracy, neatness and timeliness.

e Recruited, hired and trained new team members on regulations. compliance, and company operating
systems.

e Complied to all regulations, policies and procedures set forth by upper management, board of directors
and federal examiners.

e Managed scheduling and training.

e Designed sales and service strategies to improve revenue and retention.

e Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service and
logistics.

e Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards
practices.

e Guided employees on understanding and meeting changing member needs and expectations.

e Enforced federal, state, local and company rules for safety and operations.

e Motivated and evaluated personnel for performance improvement and goal achievement.

e Disciplined employees to encourage compliance with company policies and procedures.

SFOMEMBER SERVICE 01/1994 to 08/2007
Monterey Credit Union | City, STATE

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs.

e Opening new accounts for potential members and assisting on the initial loan applications.

e Handled member complaints to determine appropriate methods for resolution.

e Managed daily branch operations, member relations and minor IT troubleshooting.

e Managed the IRA program

e Fixed annuity representative

¢ Notary Public

» Accounting And Business Management 1989

National College of Business And Arts, Manila, Philippines

Hig,» School Diploma 03/1988
University of Santo Tomas High School, Manila, Philippines

English: Filipino (Tagalog):
Negotiated: Negotiated:

e Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.

e Led team to achieve sales goals, earning recognition from upper management and financial reward.

e Served on the board of Marina Chambers of Commerce and Kiwanis of Marina.

e Volunteered on various community events such as Relay for Life, American Cancer Society, Girls Inc,
Meals on Wheels, Salinas Airshow, United Way of Monterey Peninsula.

« Notary Public and Certified Loan Signing Agent
« Licensed Life and Annuity - 2004-2007

References:

1. Chris and Hyacinth Schnute - XXX-277-1592
2. Marco Lim - XXX-XXX-9616

3. Ricardo Castaneda - XXX-794-1500

4. Gennevie Navarro - XXX-XXX-2623

5. Gracie Grader - XXX-332-8658