SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Results-driven [Job Title] with track record of excelling in fast-paced office environments. Strong client relations skills and to resolve issues
with tact and diplomacy to drive client retention and loyalty. Knowledgeable in industry terminology, products and services to effectively
address and respond to public and personnel inquiries.

SKILLS

« MS Office Suite
¢ Communication
« Detail Oriented
¢ Self-motivated
e Willing to learn
¢ Problem Solving

e Recordkeeping and bookkeeping
* Sensitive material handling

e Microsoft

e Account balancing reconciliation
* Cash deposit preparation

e Accounting support

¢ Multi Language (English, Nepali and Hindi) © Program file distribution

¢ Critical Thinking
* Organized

e Teamwork

e Time Management
¢ Decision Making
¢ Active Listener

¢ Report analysis

¢ Excel spreadsheets

© Bookkeeping

e Accounting skills

e Database entry

® QuickBooks

¢ Professional and mature

e Invoicing and billing

e File and data retrieval systems
e Administrative operations

¢ Timeline Planning and Management e Spreadsheet development

¢ Memo preparation

EXPERIENCE

e Account reconciliation

12/2020 to 06/2021 Accountant

Ameriprise Financial — Stamford, CT

e Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

* Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.

e Identified process inefficiencies and recommended improvements.

© Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.

e Managed team of financial professionals and coached each employee in job tasks and duties.

* Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.

e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

© Collaborated with accounting associates to improve reconciliation processes.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.
e Identified and resolved obstacles to enable continuous workflow.

01/2018 to 01/2020 Administrative Assistant/Secretary

Darling Ingredients, Inc. — Marengo, OH

e Preparing and monitoring new and old patient’s documents.

¢ Making appointments and arranging transportation facilities for the patients.

¢ Performing basic bookkeeping duties.

e Reroute calls to appropriate people and answer inquiries about company.

© Operate office machines such as photocopiers and scanners, fax, voice mail systems and personal computers.

¢ Sort and distribute incoming mail and faxes.

© Updated details in company database by keying in customer contacts and delivery dates.

e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel.

e Tracked and submitted employee timesheets to accounting department for payroll processing.

e Liaised with senior and executive administrative assistants to handle requests and queries from senior managers.

© Verified operation of office equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements and calling for repairs.

e Managed scheduling for staff, monitoring resource allocation to provide optimal coverage and service.

¢ Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing and
collections.

e Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.

© Certified and processed payroll, electronic deposits and pay adjustments while distributing checks.

Managed accounting closings, accounts payable and financial reporting for multiple clients.

12/2016 to 01/2018 Office Bookkeeper/Supervisor

Traditions Spirits — Sulphur, OK

e Record day to day financial transactions.

e Enter cash receipts and monitor and tally office expenses.

¢ Maintain purchase invoice and issue invoices to customers.

e Maintain record of inventory on hand and purchase supplies and equipment as authorized.

¢ Prepare a list of depleted products and a survey of unusable products.

¢ Provide clerical and administrative support as requested.

e Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.

e Prepared accurate financial reports each month by collecting, analyzing and summarizing account information.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.
© Coordinated budget information by assessing estimated income and expenses as well as historical budgets.

01/2015 to 02/2017 Cashier

Nomad Tibetan Restaurant — City, STATE

e Greeting guest and escort them to seating areas.

e Provide accurate wait times and monitor waiting lists.

e Managing reservation by phone and in-person as well.

e Handling guest complaints and solving problems.

e Assisting servers as needed with guest assistance.

e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
e Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
e Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.

e Scanned customer purchases and supported transactions to streamline sales process.

e Inspected items for damage and obtained replacements for customers.

e Received payments for products and issued receipts.

e Promoted specific item options to drive sales and achieve add-on purchases.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2017

08/2014

LANGUAGES

MBA: Finance Management & Investment Banking
Lincoln University - Oakland, Ca

BBA: Travel & Tourism

Pokhara University

English: Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Nepali:

Negotiated: