HOWARD GERRARD

Accountant

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name 2016 — Present
ACCOUNTANT — Location

Responsible for ensuring the smooth running of the accounts department. Advising and
updating the Director on irregularities or concerns about invoices & financial matters-

* Keeping financial control records for expenditures, allotments and receipts ete
* Verifying financial documents for validity, accuracy and completeness.

* Managing the receipts and deposits of cash and bank transactions.

« Ensuring that all invoices and staff reimbursements are paid accurately.

SUMMARY

Howard is considered an expert Company name é 2015-2016
at managing 2 company’s ACCOUNTANT — Location

finances and looking after its Maintaining the quality of financial contro. Organising and co-ordinating the work of
accounts. He is able to perform junior accounting personnel. Locating errors in accounting records.

mathematical calculations with
speed as well 2s accuracy and
can be relied upon to provide
accurate and trustworthy
information about financial
transactions. He is confident in
his abiity to play 2 strategic Company name 2014-2015
role in any business. ACCOUNTANT — Location
Reviewing monthly departmental Profit and Losses. Assisting with financial and tax
audits. Detecting and preventing fraud. Controlling income and expenditure.

« Assisting colleagues in other departrnents with preparation of the annual budget.
* bmplementing departmental accounting policies, procedures and processes.

« Using financial tools and techniques to evaluate business opportunities.

«* Presenting accounting dats in a clear and understandable manner.

EDUCATION * Documenting internal financial controls and producing detailed expenditure reports.
« Completing VAT returns as well as writing cheques and setting up BACS payments.
* Writing large cheques for suppliers and setting up BACS payments for clients.

Seieeraty % * Giving professional accounting advice to those who ask for & or need it.

Course details
Modules
More text Company name 2013-2014
ACCOUNTANT — Location
Responsible for drafting responses to queries in respect of submitted accounting
computations. Cresting, implementing snd monitoring staff bonus schemes.

Course details

English (A)
Maths (B)
Physics (C)
Geography (D)