PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

I'm an exceptionally professional, bi-lingual, self-motivated and ambitious individual. |'m high-energy,
personable, and an outgoing team player who has a collaborative work style.

Account Reconciliation e Monthly and Annual Journal Entries
Business Operations Analysis e Cash Analysis

Personnel Recordkeeping Review e Processing Checks and Invoices
Accounting Records Analysis e Business Operations and Forecasting
Financial Reporting e Microsoft Office

Financial Statements Review e Teamwork and Coordination
Reliability and Integrity Improvement e Administrative Oversight

Intuit QuickBooks e Financial Recordkeeping
Discrepancy Reconciliation e Accruals

Payroll Management e Employee Training

Journal Entry Preparation e Journal Entries

Financial Statements e Balance Sheet

Accounts Payable

) ACCOUNTANT 10/2018 to 03/2021

Always Best Care | Flower Mound, TX

Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating
and cash and banking reconciliations.

Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.

Monitored 2 employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.

Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government
departments.

Documented cash, credit, fixed assets. accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced
software proficiencies.

VIK-TUAL ACCOUNTANTIOPERATIONS MANAGER 03/2017 to 06/2017
RAS IT Solutions | City, STATE

Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

Formulated processes to improve assistance to virtual support groups, resulting in reduction of
downtime and financial loss.

Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

Documented cash, credit, fixed assets. accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating
and cash and banking reconciliations.

Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and
improve transparency.

Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
operational success.

Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.

Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts.

Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

Monitored 10 employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.

Bachelor of Business Management 05/2006
Burlington County College/Rutgers University, Camden, NJ