SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

VOLUNTEER

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic individual with accounting skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities.
Bringing strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills to any setting. Excited to begin new challenge
with successful team.

« GAAP Accounting e Account reconciliation
« Lawson Financials e Customer Service
© ACCOUNTANT 07/2007 to 06/2020

Apartment Income Reit Corp. | Elmhurst, IL

« Assisted Accounting Manager with month-end and year-end close activities, including annual reporting.

« Reconciled five bank statements and resolved any discrepancies within deadlines.

« Prepared and entered journal entries for single and/or multiple companies. (Ex: ACS Inc, ACS CAN,
ACS Products, Puerto Rico)

« Secured positive customer satisfaction ratings by resolving issues efficiently.

e Verified daily income log and prepared deposits of donor's donations after determining correct coding..
(Cash, check, and credit card)

e Effectively determine non-donation funds received and code to correct expense account after preparing
deposit.

e Provide coding for ACH payments received from Fidelity's Donor Advised Funds for Finance staff.

e« Created, updated and distributed weekly "year-to-year" comparison report for Stewardship team.

« Research matching gift donations to ensure proper coding.

DCA ENTRY CLERK /STAFF ACCOUNTANT 02/1989 to 07/2007
American Cancer Society, Inc. | City, STATE

¢ Data Entry Clerk (Manager): (February 1989-September 2002)

e Handled all delegated tasks, including data entry of volunteers and preparing kits to be sent/delivered
to volunteers.

e Delivered "Door to Door" kits to customer locations for the yearly campaign.

e — Utilized MAXX and Siebel to compile data gathered from various sources.

e Verify donations received and prepare the deposits.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.

e Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

e Collaborated with others to discuss new opportunities for on-boarding of the Shared Services Center.

« Accounting Assistant: (September 2002-July 2007)

e Assist with creating Lawson codes using company mapping guidelines.

e Track employee out-of-pocket expenses and PCard spending, and verify that the required receipts are
received and the expenses are valid according to company guidelines.

e Manage employee access to company systems and PCards by verifying all paperwork is completed and
obtained proper signatures before access is granted.

e Create journal entries

e Run reports from Lawson for CEO & Finance Managers

e Help resolve issues from the internal audit reports.

e Collaborated in development of, and trained, Income Processing Procedures to staff Division-wide.

CAQHIER/CUSTOMER SERVICE CASHIER 05/2001 to 06/2007
AC Moore | City, STATE

e Provided assistance with purchases and locating items

e Processed returned items and observed company policy for all refunds, including inspecting
merchandise for wear or damage.

e Trained new employees in cashiering and customer services procedures.

e Processed customer payments quickly and returned exact change and receipts.

e Worked closely with front-end and department staff to assist customers.

e Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.

e Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.

e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum efficiency.

e Ordered supplies needed for cashiers.

e Wiped down counters and swept area to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.

e Answer customer calls from outside the store and direct them to the correct department or manager on
duty.

e Assist customers wanting to make reserve a spot in one of our craft-making classes.

e Assist customers with their tax-free purchases based on Maryland's Tax-Exempt guidelines.

e Announced special sales and store closing time-line for customer awareness.

CAOHIERICUSTOMER SERVICE CASHIER/BACK-UP ASST 05/1983 to 02/1989
Caldor | City, STATE

e Cashier/Customer Service: Everything as mentioned above with AC Moore plus handling customer lay-
a-way items making sure they were stored and labeled correctly.

e Assist in departments when needed either by cashiering or placing signage for sale items.

e Acted as a Back-up assistant to the head-cashier which entitled me to help with change-over shifts and
closing for the night by pulling registers from the till and turning them into the money room.

e "Pick" money from tills to reduce the amount of cash/credit card forms out

e Handled the switchboard for incoming calls from customers.

¢ Total up the employee time-cards for payroll department.

e Money Room associate where | would verify that the registers were balanced according to the money,
credit card receipts and coupons.

e Prepare daily deposits.

e Count registers back to the starting limit for the next shift.

e Submit request for rolled coins from bank.

e Report any discrepancies to the office manager.

Accounting And Finance
Devry University, Decatur, GA

Started going to Dery University to get my Accounting and Finance degree since my job had me listed as an
Accountant with hardly any accounting history.

| was only going part-time from 2008-2011 so vl never completed to get my degree.

| stopped going because | was working a lot more hours (voluntarily) due to the cut-backs and more work
being put on me with no assistance.

Hig» School Diploma 06/1984
Overlea High School, Baltimore, MD

' Volunteered as a Team Captain for five years promoting the American Cancer Society's Relay for Life

fundraising program to bring awareness to the surrounding community.

Duties as a captain was to attend team meetings, help raise funds, and recruit volunteers.

Also, volunteered to do the accounting for the American Cancer Society's Making Strides events for the last
12 years.