Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Professional Accountant Website : voww.qwilkresurne, cor

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Professional Accountant with a track record of dependability and a reputation for integrity, skilled
in financial reporting, capital project accounting, analysis, period-end close activities, and
budgeting.

SKILLS

Communication Skills, Accounting Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Professional Accountant
ABC Corporation - April 2014 - February 2016

.

Processed dally payment runs (check, direct deposit, or credit card) and bank payrnent
confirmations (positive pay) in the Integrated accounting system.

Processed the financial transactions for voided payrnents and re-issues.

Processed and reconciled financial transactions for the annual unclaimed property filing.
Evaluated, analyzed, and resolved problerns with, but not limited to invoices, request forms,
payments, funds, or journal entries by addressing with specific staff (|.e. departrnent
administrative assistant, Purchasing, or Central Recelving).

Prepared and submitted journal entries for various transfers in the integrated accounting
system and state accounting systern,

Processed prepaid fixed asset payments and other payment requests, such as utility and rush
invoices,

Completed rnonthly expense allocations and financial transaction monitoring,

Professional Accountant
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2014

Revenue Gas Accounting, Tax Exernptions and general accounting,

Takes care of all accounts payables, purchase orders, accounts receivables, dally deposits,
journal entries, rnonthly bank staternents, and wire ,

Handles all workers compensation forms and claims, student incident reports, purchase orcer
processing and ordering, bank statements, and purchasing ,

Computes quarterly fuel tax refund for all of school district.

Currently halding an accounting role primarily in Cargill Risk Managements Investor Based
Products group, focusing on accounting tasks for private ,

This includes working through questions and discrepancies that the customer enquires about
Capable of recognizing and implementing process

Responsible for US Income and Expense for Real Estate Site Operations, Software
Development, Fulfillment, System | departrnents and US Balance Sheet .

EDUCATION
MS

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings