JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Efficient Office Clerk with commitment to day-to-day streamlining for big-picture success. Expert in accurate Software use and data entry
with training in Skill. Distinguished leadership and organization skills with talent for accomplishing Result.

Detail-oriented Records Specialist adept at coordinating digital and physical records for Type purposes. Highly organized and hardworking
with clear focus on maintaining efficient and accurate operations. Prepared to offer Number years of experience and take on challenging new

role with Company.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

SKILLS
e Data Trending Knowledge e Word processing
¢ Calculating Liabilities e Number WPM typing speed
« Advanced Bookkeeping Skills © Office administration

« Closing Processes
* QuickBooks expert

e Report analysis
e Advanced Excel spreadsheet functions

¢ Bookkeeping e Extensive vocabulary
e Finance e Human resource laws
e Administrative support © Mail handling
« Report preparation ® QuickBooks proficient
¢ Complaint resolution © Schedule Management
e Professional telephone demeanor e Database Management
¢ Multi-line phone talent e Business administration
¢ Good listening skills e Maintains confidentiality
e Service standard compliance e Professional and mature
* Creative problem solving © Proofreading
e Virtualization

Work History

08/2020 to 05/2021 Accountant

Albertsons Company Inc. — Cle Elum, WA

e Managed entire accounting cycle, including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and
closing books.

e Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.

e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software
proficiencies.

* Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all
types of cash and banking reconciliations.

06/2016 to 10/2018 Business Owner

04/2013 to 09/2014

03/2011 to 12/2011

EpucaTIon

07/2007

08/2010

Adventist Health System — Winter Springs, FL

¢ Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

e Conducted target market research to scope out industry competition and identify advantageous trends.

¢ Provided outstanding coaching to employees to boost productivity.

e Reconciled daily sales, returns and financial reports in QuickBooks.

e Remained up-to-date on current trends and attended industry trade shows and markets to view and order inventory.

e Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions.

e Achieved sales goals and increased revenue and profits through productive strategy development and
organizational leadership.

Marketing Manager
Rent-A-Center Inc. — Casper, WY

e Assessed marketing copy, art comps and final designs and compared with established specifications.

¢ Boosted brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and
programs.

* Managed $Amount marketing budget and associated P&L to develop and execute marketing strategies, budgets,
and sales plans for Industry business segments.

¢ Developed consumer-tailored print marketing materials for targeted distribution.

© Developed network of related professionals to open up business opportunities.

e Created Number marketing campaigns, which resulted in Number% increase in revenue.

e Advocated for client requirements and objectives to internal and external stakeholders.

e Created company brand messaging, collateral materials, customer events, promotional strategies and product
commercialization.

e Submitted professional proposals and project scopes in response to Requests for Proposals.

Customer Relationship Manager
Wells Fargo — City, STATE

© Monitored metrics and developed actionable insights to improve efficiency and performance.

¢ Reinforced established quality control standards and followed procedures for optimal customer interactions.

¢ Directed Number-person team of customer service personnel while helping front-line team members work
effectively with over Number daily customers.

¢ Used consultative techniques to understand customer needs and make strategic referrals to business partners.

¢ Produced and implemented customer satisfaction guarantee program which directly resulted in Number% increase
in sales over Timeframe.

e Worked with clients to address and respond to client and partnership management issues.

e Reviewed overdue tickets and followed-up with customer support personnel to resolve root cause of delay.

e Assisted with conflict resolution during partnership negotiations and acquisitions.

e Managed customer relations on ongoing basis to maximize customer retention.

Ged
Queens High School For Language Studies - Flushing, NY

e Member of Honor's Society Name

Associate Degree: Accounting
Plaza College - Forest Hills, NY