JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Detail-oriented Accountant with 20 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for financial organizations. History
working as part of a financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Detail oriented with
extensive knowledge of cash and record maintenance and comprehensive account reconciliations.

SKILLS
¢ Intuit QuickBooks specialist e MS Office Suite
e Tax Accounting Specialization e Partnership accounting
e Tax Law Understanding e Administrative support
e Superior attention to detail e Account Reconciliation
* Bookkeeping « Business Knowledge
Work History

05/2021 to Current Accountant
Bancfirst Corporation — Stroud, OK
e Gathered financial information, prepared documents and closed books.
© Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
© Conducted technical and analytical reviews of tax returns to check for accuracy and qualified deductions.
¢ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
e Researched technical tax issues to define tax effect or impact of certain tax positions.
¢ Maintained up-to-date knowledge on professional accounting standards to manage financial recordkeeping.
e Offered advice and direction to help clients better understand financial goals.
e Prepared and filed tax forms to meet needs of customers.
e Handled day-to-day accounting processes to drive financial accuracy.
e Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation.

03/2014 to 12/2017 Accounting Manager
Alumni Venture Funds — Manchester. NH
e Managed banking reconciliations and monthly balance sheet statements.
¢ Bolstered revenues by creating codes for accounting tasks, cost estimation and revenue generation.
e Performed banking, business administration and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.
¢ Reduced liabilities by accurately managing tax statements, mailings. journal entries, payments and transfers.
e Managed journal entries, collection efforts, reconciliations and payroll processing.

12/2011 to 05/2012 Tax Professional
H&R Block — Fresno, CA
¢ Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.
e Prepared tax returns for clients in various industries according to government regulations and requirements.
© Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas.
e Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions and potential
liabilities.
¢ Provided information about available products and services to clients, resulting in increased business opportunities.
e Facilitated communication between clients and tax authorities.
e Facilitated integration of modern tax software with client accounting software.
e Prepared written responses or tax return amendments to resolve state and federal notices.
e Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or deductions.
e Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for organizations and entities.

12/2004 to 05/2010 Senior Tax Advisor
Dte Energy — Gaylord, MI

¢ Delivered comprehensive tax documentation required for accurate individual and corporate returns.

¢ Consulted with clients to assess and mitigate future tax liabilities and determine eligibility for tax abatement.

e Facilitated communication between clients and tax authorities.

e Contacted IRS or other relevant government organizations on behalf of client to address issues related to tax self-
preparation.

e Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions and potential
liabilities.

¢ Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for organizations and entities.

e Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or deductions.

e Interviewed clients to collect information and gather necessary paperwork prior to preparing tax returns.

e Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.

e Prepared written responses or tax return amendments to resolve state and federal notices.

¢ Provided information about available products and services to clients, resulting in increased business opportunities.

¢ Prepared tax returns for clients in various industries according to government regulations and requirements.

e Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas.

EpucaTIon
02/2021 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL
08/2015 Associate of Arts: Accounting
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL
04/2002 Associate of Applied Science: Accounting And Business Management

Berkeley College - New York, NY