PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

To obtain a position in a fast-paced business office environment, demanding a strong organizational,
technical, and interpersonal position utilizing my skills and attributes. Attributes Self-motivated and honest:
good work ethic Effective working alone or as a cooperative team member Reliable and hard-working:
thorough in completing projects Committed to excellent customer service

Intermediate Word Advanced Excel PowerPoint
Intermediate Access Accounts Receivable Accounts
Payable QuickBooks Enterprise Outlook Customer
Service

ACCOUNTANT 2011 to 10/2015
Art Anderson Associates | Burley, ID

e Processed accounts receivables payments received by ACH, Lockbox, Credit Card and Checks.

« Maintained all banking activity.

e Documented all loan and other payments to the proper G/L Accounts.

e Review and maintain all positive pay processing with the bank.

e Review and processed accounts payables reports.

e Processed all accounts payables by check, domestic and international wires, ACH, and credit card.

e Reconcile all bank statements.

¢ Maintained all credit card activity for all credit card holders, documented transactions to the proper G/L
Accounts.

e Calculate and process all Sales quarterly commission reports.

e Review and complete all credit checks and reference checks on new customers.

e Maintain and file the quarterly reports for the Job Development Credit with the State of South Carolina.

e Order passports and Visa's for international travel.

ACQOUNTS RECEIVABLE CLERK 01/2008 to 01/2010
Hoj Engineering & Sales | N/A, CA

e Performed data entry.

e Processed accounts receivable payments.

e Reconciled delivery driver's cash and checks with daily invoices.

e Corresponded with customers through email and phone calls on overdue invoices.
e Sent bi-weekly and monthly statements.

e Created and maintained monthly inventory depletion and sales reports to suppliers.
e Balanced and solved problems with customer's accounts.

e Filed customer and suppliers invoices.

e Ran daily trial balance.

e Ran the end of day closing reports.

MCRTGAGE UNDERWRITER 01/2006 to 01/2008
First Tech Credit Union | Cedar Rapids, IA

e Processed new residential mortgage loan submissions.

e Provided clear and consistent written and verbal communications with customers/clients.

e Provided a strong analytical aptitude for reviewing credit reports, bank statements, preliminary title
reports and appraisals.

e Corresponded with customers, loan officers, and account managers for information needed.

CCMMERCIAL AUTO UNDERWRITER 2004 to 2006
Aegon | City, STATE

e Processed new business commercial auto applications and issued endorsements.

e Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records.

e Provided clear and consistent written and verbal communications with customers/brokers.
e Jessica.

e Claire Page 2 XXX-472-7092.

PE.SONAL AUTO UNDERWRITER 01/2001 to 01/2004
CENCAL INSURANCE SERVICES | City, STATE

e Processed new business, renewals and endorsements.

e Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records.

e Processed account receivable premium checks for insurance premiums.

e Consistently resolved and answered customer concerns and questions by properly and promptly
reviewing policies, endorsements and premium payments.

CLOIMS EXAMINER 01/1983 to 01/2001
CUNA MUTUAL GROUP | City, State

e Trained coworkers on multiple tasks and administrative functions.

e Reviewed medical records and made decisions regarding disability payments.

e Performed data entry.

e Created, designed and maintained various insurance documents which complied with Truth and
Lending regulations.

e Responded to and resolved all customer inquiries via telecommunications and written correspondence.

e Developed and maintained measures of self-directed team performance which improved workflow.

e Consistently exceeded company goal of required number of paid claims per hour.

e Performed journal entries and ledger postings.

e Reconciled bank statements, budget accounts, and accounts receivable/payable records.

e Rapidly promoted from Level | to Level Ill within a one-year period due to excellent work performance.

Computer Applications Specialist Certificate Program 2008
Martinez Adult Education, Business Training Center, Martinez, California

accounts payables, accounts receivables, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, administrative functions,
trial balance, banking, budget, bi, closing, Computer Applications, Credit, clients, Customer Service, data
entry, delivery, driving, email, insurance, inventory, ledger, Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word,
mortgage loan, Enterprise, policies, QuickBooks, Sales, sales reports, telecommunications, phone, workflow,
written