SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ay
()

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
© ACCOUNTANT 01/2018 to 05/2022

Avient | Romeoville, IL

e Examined financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

e Collected and assembled financial data to analyze costs on year-to-year basis relative to fiscal planning
and budgeting activities.

e Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and
regulations.

e Completed budget plans for approval and submission by managerial staff.

e Conducted statistical analyses to determine trends and significant changes and wrote narrative reports
explaining findings.

e Analyzed monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls.

e Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and
cash inflows.

e Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.

e Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes and other payments.

e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.

e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

e Developed and implemented cost and budget processes to ensure budget control and accurate
forecasting.

e Managed payroll processing and changes for [Number] employees.

e Prepared P&L reports and financial statements for review by management.

e Managed employee benefits and allowances

e Tracked income and expenses for business using accounting software.

SACMES ASSOCIATE 11/2015 to 01/2018
Lumber Liquidators, Inc. | Swansea, MA

e Collected payments and provided accurate change.

e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.

e Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.

e Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application or
usage.

e Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.

e Engaged customers in friendly, professional dialogue to determine needs.

e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.

e Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.

e Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service
needs.

e Replaced and adjusted signs to reflect different products and promotional prices.

HC_JSEKEEPER 06/2073 to 10/2015
Oakwood Worldwide | San Antonio, TX

e Kept facilities in good condition through regular upkeep, cleaning and preventive maintenance.

e Supported team operations by keeping supplies well-stocked and stations ready for guest service.

e Assisted guests by promptly handling conflicts, requests and concerns.

e Greeted and assisted guests entering facility to provide general information and answer questions.

e Resolved guest complaints and coordinated responses to individual needs.

e Vacuumed floors and dusted furniture to maintain organized, professional appearance.

e Employed deep-cleaning techniques for areas in need of additional sanitation.

e Removed finger marks and smudges from doors, frames and glass partitions to enhance shine.

e Moved beds, sofas and small furniture to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from hard-to-
reach areas.

e Emptied wastebaskets and disposed of soiled linens in guest rooms to reduce spread of germs and
enhance freshness.

e Used cleaning chemicals following proper guidelines.

e Requested maintenance orders to fix non-working equipment and address room damage.

e Performed linen washing, dishwashing, vacuuming, dusting and mopping.

e Observed sanitation and exposure guidelines, maintaining internal protocols to minimize possibility of
on-site infections.

e Followed safety procedures when handling materials and discarding waste.

e Complied with regulations regarding hazardous chemicals storage and disposal, depositing empty
containers in appropriate receptacles.

e Reported incidents of property damage to [Job title], documenting destruction for loss prevention
purposes.

e Replenished drinking glasses, writing supplies and other hotel amenities to provide elements of comfort
and convenience for guests.

e Wrote shift reports detailing housekeeping activities, room vacancies and timekeeping data.

LIKE COOK 09/201 2 to 06/2013
Confederated Tribes Of Coos, Lower Umpqua, And Siuslaw Indians | Florence, OR

« Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.

e Carried pans and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator.

e Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct food temperature for high scores on
health inspections.

« Restocked food items throughout shift fo prepare necessary ingredients for cooking and timely service.

« Maintained hygienic kitchen with regular mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing utensils and
glassware.

e Setup and performed initial prep work for soups, sauces and salads.

« Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of food products.

High School Diploma 06/2012
Martin Luther King High School, Riverside, CA