Resume Accountant
555 Maint St., Chicago, IL 60000, accountant@email.com, 555-555-6767
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Forensic Accountant 2007 - Present
Fully responsible for recreating financial activity of individuals and corporations, Methods include the
analysis of fiscal records, evaluation of public records, assessing intelligence information and interviewing.
Identify fraudulent activities through asset identification, cash Now analysis and recovery of business records.
Created and implemented databases, systems and forms to maintain consistency in financial profiles
through the forensic unit. Yorked in conjunction with the United States Attomeys Office, Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI), Internal Revenue Service (RS) and the United States Secret Service (USSS) in the
preparation of financial profiles to determine the financial relationship between related parties in major cases,
. United States v KXXX XXX, et al: coordinated financial re-creation and analysis of 41 convicted
defendants, which proved the basis fora number of indictnents.

. Determined the origin of funds in bank accounts, which were used to finance the purchase of
real property, which provided the basis for court orders of attachment

. Reviewed financial and other records seized during search warrants to gather intelligence and
recreate the total financial pictures of both comorations and individuals under scrutiny.

: Analysis of extortionate payments to labor coalitions by the construction industry.

. Worked in cooperation with the IRS on matters that lead to several high-profile convictions.

“ Actively involved in the preparation of court exhibits illustraiing the financial status of subjects.

Forensic Accountant 1999 - 2007
Calculated forfeiture arnounts and drafted civil forfeiture papers for several large corporations, which were
convicted of crimes including money laundering and grand larceny.

. Provided intelligence to state agencies concerning proposed changes In related legislation that
would affect laws retevant to their areas.

. Identifed Intemational Cariel money laundering activities and participated in other criminal
investigations by examining financial records and then tracing funds to illegal activities.

Accountant 1988 - 1999
Parlicipated in financial net worth analysis of conupt public officials.

ADDITIONAL WoRK HISTORY

Accounting Manager 1986 - 1988
Managed sales reporting and supervised a staff of 16 whose functions included calculation of sales, cash
receipts, credit card processing, cornmission and incentive and statistical analysis. Acted as controfler and
liaison between the extemal audit staff and the accounting staff. Prepared and analyzed $2 million
intematonal budget including general ledger accounts, inventories and cost of goods son.

Accounting Supervisor 1985 - 1987

Supervised royalties accounting staff, computed and paid cornmissions to sales agents, invoiced and
accrued royalties and prepared joumal of entries.

Accountant 1982 - 1985
Computed and paid investors based on their ownership percentage and the production of oil and gas wells,
EDUCATION
BacHELOR OF SCIENCE IN ACCOUNTING Noah Amore 1980
United University

Com Puter SKILLS: Lotus 1-2-3, Corel Quattro Pro and YorPerfect; and Microsoft Access.