PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Current Accountant with the City of Alexandria with over 15 years experience in the accounting industry.
Knowledge in governmental accounting procedures, financial statement preparation, general ledger activity,
budget preparation & analysis, bank reconciliations, accounts payables & receivables, payroll, fixed assets.
tax preparation & audit procedures.

e 15+ years of experience in Accounting & e Responsible, Concise & Detail Oriented
Bookkeeping Services e Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, &
« Financial statements, Bank reconciliations and Outlook expertise
General Ledger expertise e Banner Finance, Xtender, Asset Keeper Pro &
« Flexible team player QuickBooks Software proficiency
© ACCOUNTANT 08/2013 to CURRENT

Taylor Corp | Rexburg, ID

« Help prepare Financial Statements and Bank Reconciliations.

e« Responsible for Accounts Payable & Fixed Assets for the City of Alexandria.

« Perform accounts payable functions for governmental expenses.

« Manage vendor accounts and prepare 1099s for contract labor.

« Prepare, Record Journal Entries, & Reconcile Asset accounts, including surplus, depreciation expense,
and the purchase, & addition of new assets.

« Organize new asset tagging & yearly department assets counts.

e« Organize and carry out efficient month-end, quarterly and year-end processes.

« Record journal entries and perform accounting on accrual basis for year end procedures.

« Work closely with GOHSEP to gain reimbursement of expenses from Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Gustav &
Isaac.

« Maintain integrity of general ledger, including chart of accounts.

Teledyne Technologies | Eagan, MN

e Preparation and Analysis of Hospital Financial Statements.

e Investigate and resolve discrepancies in financial statements while under tight deadlines.
e Compile general ledger entries on short time schedule with nearly 100% accuracy.

e Analyze monthly balance sheet accounts & record journal entries for corporate reporting.

Teledyne Technologies | Kiln, MS

e Prepare & File tax returns for individual, partnership, corporate, and tax exempt clients.
e Prepare LLC & Corporate monthly payroll & Quarterly Reports.
e Generate financial statements and facilitate account closing procedures each month.

Teledyne Technologies | Tracy, CA

e Prepare individual, partnership, corporate & fiduciary tax returns.
e Audit governmental, for-profit and not for profit entities.
e Uphold strict confidentiality protocols with all client details and tax return information.

Northwestern State University of Louisiana, Natchitoches, LA

e Graduated Magna Cum Laude

¢ Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society

e CPAExcel Scholar

e Dean's List for the entirety of College.
e George H Rothschild Scholar

e Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society

Advanced bookkeeping skills
e Accounting and bookkeeping

e Financial statement analysis

e Tax return filing

e GAAP understanding

e Bank reconciliations and balancing

e Flexible team player

e Microsoft Word. Excel, Access, PowerPoint, & Outlook

e Asset Keeper Pro Software

e QuickBooks Software

e Fixed Asset Solutions Software

e Creative Solutions Bookkeeping Software

e HOST Software

e Document Manager Software

e ProSystem, UltraTax, and Lacerte Tax Preparation Software

City Of Alexandria | Alexandria, LA

e Help prepare Financial Statements and Bank Reconciliations.

e Perform accounts payable functions for governmental expenses.

e Manage financial departments with responsibility for Accounts Payable and Fixed Assets.

e Manage vendor accounts and prepare 1099s for contract labor.

e Reconcile Asset accounts and review all materials, including surplus, depreciation expense, and
purchase and recording of new assets.

e Organize and carried out efficient month-end, quarterly and year-end processes.

e Provide journal entries and perform accounting on accrual basis for year end procedures.

e Prepare documents and reports using advanced software proficiencies.

e Generate and submit invoices based upon established financial schedules.

e Maintain integrity of general ledger, including chart of accounts.

e Partner with auditors to prepare yearly audits and ensure compliance with governmental tax guidelines.

e Review & improve accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
effectiveness of operations.

e Review accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.

Rapides Regional Medical Center | Alexandria, LA
e Preparation and Analysis of Hospital Financial Statements.
e Responsible for Budget and Forecasts on Quarterly Basis.
e Investigate and resolve discrepancies in financial statements while under tight deadlines.
¢ Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with nearly 100% accuracy.
e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

AH Huthnance Bookkeeping & Tax | Alexandria, LA
« Prepared & Filed tax returns for individual, partnership, corporate, and tax exempt clients.
e Responsible for Budget and Forecasts on Quarterly Basis.
« Prepared & Managed LLC & Corporate monthly payroll & Quarterly Reports.
e Utilized accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.
« Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.

Payne, Moore & Herrington CPA | Alexandria, LA
e Prepared individual, partnership. corporate & fiduciary tax returns.
e Audited governmental, for-profit and not for profit entities.
e Utilized accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.
e Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with all client details and tax return information.

ACIOUNTANT 08/2009 to 02/2013

ACIOUNTANT 01/2006 to 04/2008

ACIOUNTANT 01/2003 to 08/2004

Bachelor | Accounting 2002

) ACCOUNTANT 08/2013 to CURRENT

ACQOUNTANT 08/2009 to 02/2013

ACQOUNTANT 01/2006 to 04/2008

ACQOUNTANT 01/2003 to 08/2004