Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

° Alabarna
Senior General Accountant (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Highly motivated and result-oriented General Accountant with 10 years of SKILLS
experience in the Finance domain, with extensive experience in corporate Payroll, Accounts
accounting and financial reporting, including accounting operations, Payable, Accounts:

financial analysis, forecasting, SOX compliance, and accounting system
implementation. Known for collaborative style in building cohesive
relationships and coordinating between various corporate offices and

Receivable, Hurnan
Resources, Office

departments, and with great work ethics. Management, Office
Applications, Financial
WORK EXPERIENCE Reporting, Quickbooks,

MAS 90, Wordpress

Senior General Accountant
Fannie Mae- December 2011 - Present

LANGUAGES
Responsibilities:
* Providing support during the monthly closing cycle &ndash; cornpiling, Be eoeanonal)
analyzing, and recording the results to General Ledger, Spanish (P fessional)

= Analyzing the financial results, preparing flux analysis reports and
forecasting results for next month close,

» Preparing monthly analytics package, presenting to the Executive INTERESTS
Management and Corporate Board as needed.

= Responsible for accurate reporting of time-sensitive quarterly Sealey
disclosures, footnotes, cash flow statement, FHFA call reports and other Cooking
reporting obligation for 10-K and 10-9 filing, Reading

» Researching and analyzing the highly complex accounting issues,
identify root causes and propose changes for improvement,

= Evaluating new policies and procedures for operational and control REFERENCES
impacts, Refe
» Assisting with reviewing existing controls to mitigate potential risk ‘ane, aa al
factors within the assigned process/areas. Reference - 2 (Company
Name)

Senior Financial Analyst
ABC Corp- September 2007 - December 2011
Responsibilities:
= Responsible for accurate reporting of financial results, data/report
validation related to cash &amp; commitment accounting, loan
accounting, fair value treatment and principalsinterest.
= Performed and analyzed monthly activities and trending of the loan
portfolio,
= Monitored and reported key financial and non-financial data metrics
based on performance results.
* Took ownership of account chart field process - setting up the new
account, cash flow, and line item.
« Identified control weaknesses, communicated to rnanagement, and
Proposed process changes.
» Assisted with audit testing and requests, and maintained/updated policy
and procedures as needed.
= Responsible for daily financial accounting activities including positive
check pay, ach fraud filter, stop,

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines