JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Motivational leader and organizational problem-solver with advanced supervisory, team building and customer service skills. Experience
stepping into roles and quickly making positive changes to drive company success. Focused on using training, monitoring and morale-
building techniques to maximize employee engagement and performance.

SKILLS

¢ Financial Portfolio Management e Auditing

e GAAP Accounting * Account reconciliation

¢ Great Plains ® QuickBooks

e Regulatory Compliance ¢ Customer relations

¢ Payroll administration e Accounting and bookkeeping

« Accounts payable e General ledger accounting

e Year-end close e Payroll management
EXPERIENCE

11/2019 to Current Accountant
Albertsons Companies — Modesto, CA

¢ Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

¢ Identified operational process inefficiencies and recommended necessary improvements.

e Informed clients of permits, certificates, applications and documents required by various government agencies.

e Assisted management with month-end and year-end close activities, including annual.

e Executed account updates and noted account information in company data systems.

e Implemented Excel software to improve billing efficiency and accuracy

¢ Handled past due accounts, including collections and status reports.

e Created highly organized filing system for account documents resulting in increased efficiency.

e Processed invoice payments and recorded information in account database.

e Managed all payments processing, invoicing and collections tasks.

© Monitored past due accounts and pursued collections on outstanding invoices.

¢ Loaded billing data into systems through data import, scanning or manual keying, to verify complete and accurate
client invoices from vendors.

e Assisted customers with invoice questions, special invoicing, reporting. corrections and write-offs and resolved
customer issues discovered during invoicing and collection process.

e Received and screened high volume of internal and external communications.

e Answered approximately 100 phone calls daily and pleasantly welcomed visitors to office.

¢ Updated financial, customer and business records with accurate information each day, preventing data loss and
keeping files current.

e Maintained office supplies inventory by checking stock and ordering new supplies as needed.

© Collected payments, issued receipts and updated accounts to reflect new balance

¢ Supported office needs including taking messages, scanning documents and routing business correspondence.

e Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout office.

« Maintained business records by updating customer information.

05/2015 to 07/2019 Education Manager
Aza — Atascadero, CA

¢ Monitored supplier operations to verify quality, delivery schedule and conformance to contract specifications.

¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line
profitability.

e Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles at all times.

e Conducted inventory counts by assessing current state of inventory integrity against target accuracy levels and
tracking variances.

e Reduced shrink by developing culture of loss prevention, improving return processes and upgrading store layout.

e Facilitated exceptional sales and performance results by focusing on continuous improvement approaches and
capitalizing on emerging market opportunities.

e Assisted with physical setup of education programs and contributed event leadership.

Managed educational offerings through creation of innovative pathways.

¢ Created effective training course objectives, course content and all materials.

e Determined course objectives and found or wrote course materials to cover topics.

e Planned and led training programs on staff development to enhance employee knowledge, engagement, satisfaction
and performance.

¢ Presented training information via role playing, simulations and team exercises.

e Managed training calendar for entire fiscal year, including setting course plans, training spaces and department
rotations.

¢ Conducted evaluations of training courses to uncover areas in need of improvement.

08/2013 to 06/2018 Assistant Manager
Miami Parking Authority — Miami, FL

e Planned and prepared workflow schedules, delegating tasks for 102 team members

e Reviewed sales reports to enhance sales performance and improve inventory management accuracy.

e Maintained inventory accuracy by counting stock-on-hand and reconciling discrepancies.

© Cultivated hands-on training, assessment, guidance and performance monitoring programs to coach and mentor
employees.

e Drove operational efficiency, building customer rapport to foster loyalty and increase sales.

e Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.

e Oversaw team development according to industry service standards to further customer loyalty.

e Completed inventory audits to identify losses and project demand.

e Analyzed monthly sales and performance reports to support operational planning and strategic decision making.

e Secured revenue, accurately monitoring transactions and deposits to eliminate discrepancies.

e Assisted store manager in evaluating employee performance and cultivating improvement initiatives.

e Trained team of 28 to deliver outstanding customer service, boosting customer satisfaction ratings 100%.

¢ Collaborated with store manager to develop strategies for achieving sales and profit goals.

e Directed and led employees, supervising activities to drive productivity and efficiency.

e Initiated inventory control measures to manage and replenish stock, maintain cost levels and meet customer
demand.

¢ Implemented training processes for newly hired employees and supervised department managers, shift leads and
production personnel.

© Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize group productivity.

¢ Mentored staff to enhance skills and achieve daily targets, using hands-on and motivational leadership.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Associate of Arts: Arts And Photography
Waldon Photography School - Denison, TX