JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dynamic and highly qualified Accountant with extensive knowledge of accounting principles, taxation policies and income tax procedures.
Well-organized and diligent about keeping records current, statements accurate and accounts reconciled for fully compliant tracking, reporting
and auditing of financial records. Knowledgeable about federal and GAAP standards.

Results-oriented Accountant with 6 years of experience in accounting, tax return filing, and ecommerce-related settings. Quick and eager
learner with acute attention to detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quality, accuracy, and efficiency.
Seasoned life and healthy Insurance claims Specialist with excellent planning and problem solving abilities. Self-motivated Insurance
Verification Specialist proudly offering over 4 years€ experience building an understanding of medical terminology while tracking patient
coverage. A poised professional with benefits explanation and administration expertise. Offering time management and interpersonal skills.
Organized, driven and adaptable professional with successful history managing high caseloads in fast-paced environments.

SKILLS

e Tax retum filing * Year-end close
e SAP System © Auditing
e Account reconciliation expert e Tax Preparation
¢ Regulatory Compliance e Adobe software proficiency
e PeopleSoft e Accounts payable
¢ Full-cycle accounting e General ledger entries
e General ledger accounting ® QuickBooks
e Accounting and bookkeeping e Account reconciliation
e Customer relations

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 08/2015 - Current
Amphitheater Public Schools — Tucson, AZ

¢ Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

¢ Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

* Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.

e Assessed data and information to check entries, calculations and billing codes for accuracy.

e Tracked income and expenses for business using accounting software.

e Audited, reviewed and compiled financial statements for government entities.

¢ Prepared schedules for auditing at year-end.

e Generated and filed goods and service tax (GST) and harmonized sales tax (HST) return and remittance statements and payroll deductions,
creating ad hoc and special project reports.

¢ Processed both outgoing and incoming payments and invoices.

¢ Reconciled company credit cards, expense accounts and other expenses and financial records.

¢ Supported clerical and administrative needs of senior department staff.

e Entered invoices into account software, updated accounts and identified aging balanced ready for collections activities.

* Updated accounting ledger and journals with updated transaction information.

e Kept records current and accurate with skilled reconciliations and variance resolutions.

e Resolved billing discrepancies by completing detailed research and analysis and documented client rebate discounts and reserve fund
records.

* Collaborated with senior staff to produce accurate, current and timely financial reports and supporting documentation.

¢ Established and maintained automated and manual accounting records, post receipts and turn-ins, and performed dues-ins and dues-outs
accounting.

« Communicated with senior accounting staff about discrepancies and devised plans to reconcile financial issues.

e Used SAP to track accounting information, resulting in significant reduction in financial discrepancies.

*« Compiled and reported on expense data to aid in budget planning.

e Gathered data and uncovered fraud, embezzlement or liabilities during auditing procedures.

¢ Helped company move to paperless system and save substantial printing costs.

¢ Reduced processing bottlenecks through key workflow updates.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

¢ Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.

¢ Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by implementing new consolidation procedures.

¢ Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

* Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

* Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

INSURANCE CLAIM SPECIALIST, 08/2007 - 02/2011
Peak Alarm Company — Park City, UT
« Investigated complex and unusual insurance claims Authorization payment on claims Communicated with attorneys and other insurance
companies Dealt straight with the policy holders following the accidents.
¢ Supported efficient handling of complex claims and followed up on open, denied or suspended claims to complete required line items.
* Determined liability, compensability and benefits due on each claim.
¢ Processed life and healthy insurance claims daily and expertly handled numerous files with impeccable quality.
¢ Monitored reports to identify claims issues and worked with adjusters to resolve problems.
e Tracked and reported on patterns of claims and repeat offenders to help eliminate system abuse.
e Researched and reviewed information to determine validity of insurance claims and contacted companies and customers about decisions.
¢ Mentored and trained new hire employees in resolving complex liability disputes and policy analysis.
e Acted as intermediary between insurance companies and customers by researching and assessing information to determine claim validity.
* Oversaw regulatory and strategic initiatives to ensure accuracy of medical claims.
« Investigated and analyzed requirements to improve timeliness of reports to customers.
* Called insurance companies to ascertain pertinent information regarding policies and payment benefits for patients.
e Verified policy holder data, including age, contact number and physical address.
e Assisted new policyholders with processing claims.

Sales Representative, 09/2003 - 07/2007
LEVI STRAUSS & CO, TAIPEI — City, STATE
© Developed positive customer relationship through friendly greetings and excellent service Explained merchandise uses, answered
questions, and made recommendations to customers Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays.
¢ Prepared and changed displays for sales and product promotions.
e Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer service.
* Contacted new and existing customers to outline benefits of products.
e Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.
e Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.
¢ Followed-up with clients after installations to assess quality service and customer satisfaction.
¢ Prepared and processed contracts and order forms for new and existing customers.
e Highlighted target products with eye-catching signs, displays and shelf positions.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Business Administration: Risk Management and Insurance, 06/2005
Ming Chuan University - TAIPEI

Accounting
Cypress College - Cypress, CA

LANGUAGES

English: Chinese (Mandarin):
Negotiated: Negotiated: