PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

JOB RELATED
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Detail-oriented Accountant with 7 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for
Department of Energy financial organization. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse
financial functions, and reporting. Works closely with executive management on complex acquisitions and
divestitures.

Knowledgeable Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, regulatory
compliance. Handles detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion. Leverages field expertise,
resourcefulness and diligence to make positive impact on business operations.

Adept at managing budgets, assisting payroll, general accounting functions and all travel within Department
of Energy (NETL). Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary
guidelines.

Familiar with managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Exceptional
interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

Proficient at analyzing and validating financial data to resolve accounting discrepancies in reported data.
Enthusiastic Accountant eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and
excellent organizational skills.

« Utilization of Monthly Reports « Accounts Payable and Receivable
« Monthly and Annual Journal Entries « Accounting Terminology
e« Extravagance and Fraud Detection « Account and Ledger Reconciliations
« Accounting Policy and Control « Budgeting and Allocation
e Discrepancy Reconciliation « Administrative Oversight
e« Systems Efficiency Evaluation « Processing Checks
« Accounting Software Systems e General Ledger
« Critical Thinking and Analysis « Payroll Preparation
« Document Recordkeeping « Payroll Adjustments
e Effective and Professional Communication « Financial Information Systems
« Accounting Procedures Validation (STARS,STRIPES, ASAP)
e« Oracle Financials e« Journal Entry Preparation
« Account Reconciliation Processes « SAP Concur Expertise
« Goal Development e ~=Proficient in EXCEL
) ACCOUNTANT 08/2020 to CURRENT

Bae Systems | Mojave, CA

e Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and
improve transparency.

e Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase
customer retention.

e Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives using advanced software proficiencies.

e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.

¢ Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.

e Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge on certificates and documents mandatory for government
departments.

e Reconciled accounts

« Onaworking team that improves accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and
maximize operational success.

« Knowledge of the Federal Travel Regulations (GSA)

ACOQOUNTING TECHNICIAN 04/2016 to 08/2020
City Of Fresno, Ca| Fresno, CA

e Applied proper codes to invoices, files and receipts to keep records organized and easily searchable.

e Screened accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll processing and general ledger transactions.

e Reconciled account information

e Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies.

e Reported financial data and updated financial records

e Matched purchase orders with invoices and recorded necessary information.

e Maintained account accuracy by reviewing and reconciling checks monthly.

e Reconciled purchase card, travel credit accounts and Central billing account, every month,
investigating and resolving discrepancies to keep accounts audit-ready.

e Analyzed figures, postings and documents to maintain accounting program accuracy.

e Review detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.

e Input financial data and produced reports using STARS and BI.

e Managed and responded to correspondence and inquiries from customers and vendors.

e Gathered, evaluated and summarized account data in detailed financial reports.

e Identified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed reports and analysis.

e Analyzed financial data derived from multiple reporting systems to develop recommendations for
operational and performance improvements.

e Implemented new accounting processes to decrease spending and work flow downtime.

ADCIINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 08/2009 to 04/2016
Tiaa | Bethesda, MD

e Answered multiline phone system, routing calls, delivering messages to staff and greeting visitors.

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.

e Scheduled office meetings and appointments for staff teams.

e Sorted and distributed office mail.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct
activities and communicate instructions.

e Generated reports and typed letters in Word and prepared PowerPoint presentations.

e Monitored supervisor's work calendar and scheduled appointments, meetings and travel.

e Developed and updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze and report on performance and
sales data.

e Coached new employees on administrative procedures, government policies and performance
standards.

e Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.

e Supported efficient meetings by organizing spaces and materials, documenting discussions and
distributing meeting notes.

e Supported room reservations, agenda preparation and calendar maintenance for programs, meetings
and events.

e Organized weekly staff meetings.

e Monitored premises, screened visitors, updated logs and issued passes to maintain security.

e Coordinated travel arrangements by booking airfare, hotel and ground transportation.

e Offered office-wide software support and training, troubleshooting issues and optimizing usage.

e Edited transmittals and memorandums for organizational support.

e Created PowerPoint presentations for business development purposes.

Associate of Science | Accounting 05/2018
Community College of Allegheny County, Pittsburgh, PA

© Advanced Excel 365- July 2022

Excel Charting and Data-June 2022

Business Law I- Summer 2015

Intro to Accounting - Fall 2015
Macroeconomics- Spring 2016

Business Law Il- Summer 2016

Advanced Pivot Tables 3/6/14,

Purchase card 6/12/13,

Accruals 4/30/13,

Budget Execution and Reporting System- 3/5/13-3/7/13,
Federal Appropriations Law 2/28/13.

General Ledger Posting Process 2/12/13,
Finance and Accounting-8/27/12-8/28/12,
Time-limited Program Direction 8/14/12,
Managing Multiple Projects 8/3/12,

Budget and Forecasting 5/16/12,

SGL Structure and Flow Train 1/26/12,

MS Excel 2007 Level 2 11/16/11,

Mistake Free Grammar and Proofread 9/10/10