Andrew
Williamson

Accountant

ACADEMIC

Company name Location

involved in working within a financial accounting
team and responsible for preparing, examining, and
analyzing accounting records, financial statements,
and other financial reports. Reporting to senior
managers regarding the company’s finances.

* Reporting to managers on the company’s finance.
* Advising on the financial implications of decisions.
* Detecting & preventing company financial fraud-

® Lizising with internal and external auditors.

Company name Location

Accurately and promptly processing documentation.
Preparing monthly reconciliations of balance sheet
accounts. Supporting senior management in specific
investigations into departmental management
accounts. Dealing with any financial irregularities.

Company name Location

Preparing annual financial statements. Carrying out
any other accounting related duties as assigned by
the Accounting management. Collecting raw financial
data. Conducting regular business reviews.

Company name Location

Developing policy for company treasury. Preparing
standard accounting reports and surmmaries for
financial analysis. Supporting tearm members on all

accounting issues. Reviewing the company’s finances.

©  twitter.com/name

Dayjob.com, Street Birmingham B18
0123 456 7890
info@dayjob.com

Facebook.com/your name

PROFILE

A highly organized, detail orientated
and dependable professional who has
the ability to apply her accounting,
knowledge and experience to a diverse
range of financial issues. Andrew is 3
hard-working, dedicated and ambitious
Accountant who possesses strong
theoretical and practical knowledge of
generally accepted accounting
principles. He has a track record of
making a direct impact on operations.

PRO SKILLS

Ability to efiectively present financial data
and information to all levels.

Knowledge of liquidity and financial risk

Being accurate under pressure and can
remain focused on minute details.

Technical knowledge of both national and

PER SKILLS

Always the first to volunteer for difficult
projects that other staff may shy sway from.

Not afraid to stand up to wrong daing and if
necessary prepared to challenge others.

Never giving up on a task half way through
and instead slways seeing it to the end.

REFERENCES

Available on request.

iN Linkedin.com/name