SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Results-oriented Staff Accountant and Warehouse Coordinator with 3 years of experience in accounting,
proficient Microsoft office skill and SAP- related settings. Quick and eager learner with acute attention to
detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quality, accuracy and
efficiency.

e« Advanced Microsoft Office Applications: Excel, « QuickBooks Accounting Software
Word, Power Point, Outlook, Access e Spread Sheet skill proficient( v-lookups, pivot
« System Knowledge of SAP (Advanced) tables, and other advanced formulas).
© ACCOUNTANT 02/2022 to 11/2022

Blue Ridge Healthcare System, Inc.. | Valdese, NC

« Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

« Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.

e« Gained accounting efficiency and improved documentation coordination through development of
optimal journal entry schedules.

« Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

e Reviewed AP general ledger entries and deposits for contract compliance.

e« Reconciled company bank statements and bookkeeping ledgers.

« Gathered banking transactions via statements, recorded activity in Excel format and reconciled
balances.

e Diminished financial discrepancies and accurately reconciled accounts using detailed data analysis
results.

« Skilled in ERP system, especial for SAP. and good at making tables and files by using EXCEL

« Handle accounts receivable

e« Managed financial operations, month-end reporting, financial schedules and reconciliations.

VAOLT TELLER /CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 10/2019 to 10/2021
Advantage Sales And Marketing, Lic | Burleson, TX

« Completed comprehensive tasks by implementing customer service initiatives, audit and restock ATMs
and keep records on accounts.

e Cultivated lasting partnerships, which led to lucrative opportunities as result of consistently following up
with clients and providing exemplary service.

e Balanced daily cash deposits and vault inventory with zero error rate.

e Used dynamic research and interpersonal skills to swiftly resolve customer issues.

e Supervised tellers to verify compliance with both federal and local regulations.

e Reconciled branch vaults. balanced cash drawers and followed company cash control guidelines and
procedures to protect customer and employer assets.

e Prepared and securely shipped excess coin and currency to Federal Reserve Bank or correspondent
banks, balanced completed work and compiled inventory reports.

e Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

e Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security
practices.

e Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.

e Consulted with customers to resolve service and billing issues.

e Made outbound calls to obtain account information.

e Mentored new employees on procedures and policies to maximize team performance.

ST_FF ACCOUNTANT 08/2018 to 08/2019
KW International | City, STATE

e Responsible for month-end closing processes including preparation and data entry of journal vouchers
and account reconciliations.

e Responsible for processing day to day operations of Accounts Payables including review, input and
payment.

e Responsible for processing daily cash receipts, checks and wires to customer outstanding Accounts
Receivables.

e Responsible for assisting vendors by receiving calls and handling vendor relations.

e Responsible for reconciling vendor statements.

e Preparing bank reconciliation monthly and bank deposits daily.

e Coordinate payment schedules, pay all vendor invoices in a timely manner.

e Calculate, prepare and send checks for all payments.

e Collect past due invoices and review invoices daily.

e Processing employee expense and credit card accounts.

e Responsible for processing vendor invoices, to include comparing, checking invoices with vendor
statements.

e Responsible for resolving invoice discrepancies and process payments, Accounts Payable and
Accounts Receivable.

e Minimized audit risk by analyzing and reviewing deliverables.

e Performed in-depth analysis of business operations, trends and obligations to complete accurate
projections.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.

CC_DRDINATOR(LOGISTICS WAREHOUSE OPERATION) 11/2016 to 03/2018
Golfio | City, STATE

e Created and maintained communication channels while delivering relevant information to major internal
customers and stakeholders.

e Relayed information between drivers and recipients regarding ETA and potential delays.

e Logged, processed and followed up on merchandise authorization shipments in databases.

e Received deliveries, scanned packages and updated orders in internal database.

e Staged and sorted multiple types of products for loading.

e Examined packages and goods for damage and notified vendors of replacement needs.

e Prepared and completed warehouse orders for delivery or pickup according to schedule.

e Prepared and processed purchase orders, invoices, and contract payments including posted journal
entries.

e Helped with accounts receivable, payable and bank statement reconciliation.

e Assisted with general accounting month-end closing procedures.

e Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.

e Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

e Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate timely payments and reduce outstanding accounts
receivable.

e Used digital database to keep records of units and stock moved.

e Tagged and wrote identifying information on containers, boxes and cargo.

| Associate of Arts | Accounting and Computer Science 08/2024

Irvine Valley College, Irvine, CA

Prd. | Design Contents
Hongik University, Republic Of Korea

Mister of Science | Environmtal Horticulture
University of Seoul, Republic Of Korea

Ba-helor of Science | Plant Sciences
Sangmyung University, Republic Of Korea

As-ociate of Science | Ornamental Horticulture
Orange Coast College, Costa Mesa, CA