SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Skilled employee with a positive attitude

Friendly Account with 2 years of experience supporting accounting teams in financial planning and
management. Well-versed in preparing tax invoices. completing complicated calculations and verifying
invoices. Bringing excellent communication and collaboration skills to complete assigned tasks.

« Tax return filing e« Account reconciliation
e Payroll liability and deductions e Adobe soitware proficiency
« Year-end close e A/PandA/R
e« Payroll management e GAAP Accounting
« General ledger accounting e =Proficient in
e« Accounting and bookkeeping e Proficient in Medical Software such as
« Strategic planning ADS, |beza,EMR.
« Accounts payable e Proficient in Excel,Microsoft
e« General ledger entries Word,PowerPoint,Access
« Payroll administration e Sage 50 US proficiency
e QuickBooks
e  Textura and Procore (Contractor's Billing
Software)
© ACCOUNTANT 02/2020 to CURRENT

Us Oncology, Inc. | Columbia, MD

e Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.

e Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

e Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.

e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.

e Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.

e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

e Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

e Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.

e Reviewed AP general ledger entries and deposits for contract compliance.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and
digital files.

OFSICE MANAGER 12/2016 to 12/2018
Chase Brass | Wheeling, IL

e Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures: preparing payroll: controlling
correspondence: designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions

e Other duties were, prepare invoices for every shipment dispatched in the company

e Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.

e Handled scheduling and managed timely and effective allocation of resources and calendars.

e Trained and mentored administrative staff members in company policies, daily task execution, and
industry best practices.

e Coordinated office activities and operations to secure efficiency and compliance with company policies.

e Elevated customer satisfaction ratings by resolving client and case issues effectively.

PACIENT REPRESENTATIVE, SURGICAL COORDINATOR AND FRONT DESK 06/2013 to 09/2014
Emd Millipore | Wiesbaden, DE

e Spoke to patients upon arrival to determine if personal data or insurance information had changed.
e Supervised patient flow by checking in patients immediately upon arrival.

e Informed patients of delays and approximate wait times upon arrival for appointments.

« Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

e Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify a course of treatment.

e Checked patient insurance and collected pre-authorizations from providers.

e Worked with operating facilities to schedule procedures on behalf of surgeons.

e Booked surgeries according to physician volume and maintained prompt turnaround times.

e Gathered current medical information and reviewed histories to gather details for surgeons.

e Distributed treatment and procedural information to patients.

e Managed patient check-in and check-out procedures and processed payments.

e Located scheduling barriers and implemented appropriate solutions.

e Coordinated work processes and routed paperwork to appropriate physicians and staff members.

SFOCIALIST 09/2009 to 07/2012
Ministry Of Public Health | City

Specialist A in economic management at the department of Foreign trade and currency, where the
performance of the principal tasks was:
e Performed budget formulation work involving review and preparation of budget estimates and financial
plans for the national health system
e Monitored budget execution work, including obligations incurred and actual expenditures of funds.
e Determined and tracked budget expenses with accuracy and transparency.

MBA | Accounting 01/2019
Metropolitan University Ana G, Miami Lakes

Ac ountant Clerk. and QuickBooks 07/2016
Miami Coral Park Adult

HF_& Block, Income Tax Course | Income Tax 01/2015
HR & Block , Atlanta, GA

Pcot Graduated Studies | Business Administration And Management 04/2010
Havana University , Havana

1. Management Behavior.

2. Interaction Between the Economy and the Citizen.

3. Negotiation Techniques.

4 Conflicts, Resolution Techniques. Mediation in Conflict Resolution.
5. Ethics and Behavior

Ba helor of Arts | Business Administration 07/2009
University of Havana , Havana

e« Thesis: Analysis and strategic Diagnostic for the Vice-Presidency of Mobile Services of Cuba's
Telecommunications Company S.A (ETECSA). Strategic Formulation
e Major in Business Administration

As ociate of Arts | Accounting 01/2004
Accounting Technician Institute Antonio Guiteras Holms, Havana

« Thesis: Costs for Universals Warehouse
« Major in Accounting

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: