Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Diligent Accountant with strong accounting background and proven industry expertise. Monitored business
operations and regulatory compliance for large corporations. Superior account management and
reconciliation skills leading to the achievement of desired results. Organized and motivated employee eager
to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities
to expand skills while facilitating company growth. Multi-talented Administration Officer successful at stepping
into many different roles each day. Well-versed in driving advancements in quality control, team productivity
and customer service. Offers [Number] years of experience in [Industry]. Diligent and detail-oriented
Administrator with proven history in successful team management. Professionally coordinate files,
correspondence and resources to boost productivity and facilitate operations. Skilled in general office
processes and optimization strategies.

SKILLS ©  e Proficiency in MS Office, Excel, PowerPoint e Cash Analysis

« Language: Bilingual, Arabic and English e Accounting Records Analysis
« Document Recordkeeping e Effective and Professional Communication
« Journal Entry Preparation e Report Preparation
« Financial Statements Review e Flexible and Adaptable
« Inventory Assessment e Monthly and Annual Journal Entries
e« Processing Checks and Invoices e Accounting Policy and Control

EXPERIENCE () ACCOUNTANT 04/2022 to CURRENT

Balchem | F T Sanfords, UT

e Prepares journal entries account work papers, complex bank reconciliation, schedules, and database
work papers.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents, and invoices.

e Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.

¢ Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and
digital files.

e Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and
cash inflows.

e Verified documented and requested disbursements to facilitate payments.

e Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes, and other payments.

e Prepares bank deposits and performs banking duties.

e Research financial information for audit purposes and financial reporting.

e Perform all necessary accounts, bank, and other reconciliations.

e Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.

e Monitor customer accounts for non-payment and delayed payment and other irregularities.

e Verifying the accuracy of invoices and other accounting documents or records.

e Preparing reports and regular monthly, quarterly, and annual reports for management.

e Update, verify and maintain accounting journals and ledgers, and other financial records.

e Managing, reviewing, preparing. processing, and tracking all payments, refunds, and expense

reimbursement.
e Performs other assigned comparable duties which are within the area of knowledge and skills required
by the job description.
CC RPORATE CREDIT ANALY ST 08/2008 to 01/2010

Hsbc | Dallas, TX

e Reviewed customer financial data to ascertain level of risk involved for extending credit.

e Requested financial documents from customers.

e Worked closely with both customers and the sales team to reconcile accounts and oversee payment
negotiation.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Reconciled customer accounts to identify delinquencies or disputes. documenting root causes.

e Prepared financial ratios and spreads using computer programs to evaluate customer financial status.

e Prepared basic and preliminary credit analyses to determine creditworthiness and compliance.

e Developed a comprehensive understanding of financial statements, enhancing opportunities to assess
risk.

e Assessed customer credit files regularly to review receivables.

e Conducted credit reviews on corporations to assess financial conditions.

e Monitored and maintained compliance with internal controls and government regulations.

e Presented key information to upper management and executive team for loan recommendations.

e Collected and organized loan documents before submission to underwriting.

RE2ATIONSHIP OFFICER 08/1998 to 06/2008
Balchem | Marshfield, WI

e Opened new accounts, collected client documentation, and processed transactions.

e Drove sales using excellent negotiation, communication, and problem-solving skills.

e Developed cross-functional relationships with internal partners to develop client-centered solutions.

e Researched client business needs and scheduled appointments to discuss new opportunities.

e Identified opportunities for new client acquisition by leveraging products and services.

e Managed client communications related to daily transactions, service delivery, and operational controls.

e Maintained account compliance with industry regulations and company policies.

e Developed product innovations to maintain competitiveness and meet client needs.

e Addressed inquiries from clients and department team members.

e Controlled risk through sound decision-making in alignment with client risk tolerance.

e Collaborated with team leader to onboard new clients and grow relationships.

e Drafted monthly summaries to review level of client participation and identify targets for follow-up calls.

e Advanced competitive awareness of market trends, products, practices and local rates through
extensive market research.

e Built long-term relationships with lucrative clients by utilizing active listening, effective communication
and dynamic interpersonal skills.

e Generated new leads through various prospecting methods, presenting opportunities to sell services
and build larger client base.

e Achieved client loyalty through quality, productivity, service and proactive management.

e Offered clients personalized options to answer wide range of needs.

e Collaborated with various departments to improve communication and deliver individualized customer
solutions.

e Maximized and maintained client satisfaction in all aspects of credit management.

e Acted with minimal direction in self-directed capacities to resolve issues and implement strategies.

e Proposed solutions and leveraged cross-selling opportunities to existing and new clients.

e Reviewed and analyzed client financial data to plan proposals.

e Presented product and service details at various events to increase customer base.

e Provided information on technology resources to improve client financial well-being.

e Streamlined communication efforts by measuring client satisfaction metrics.

e Enticed clients to accept wealth management proposals to increase monthly business.

e Developed and implemented improved organizational tools to increase productivity.

e Established strong client relationships to drive business development.

ACQOUNTANT 09/1994 to 12/1997
Al Shola Private School | City, STATE

e Prepares journal entries account work papers, complex bank reconciliation, schedules, and database
work papers.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents, and invoices.

e Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and
digital files.

e Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and
cash inflows.

e Verified documented and requested disbursements to facilitate payments.

e Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes, and other payments.

e Prepares bank deposits and performs banking duties.

e Research financial information for audit purposes and financial reporting.

e Perform all necessary accounts, bank, and other reconciliations.

e Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.

e Monitor customer accounts for non-payment and delayed payment and other irregularities.

e Verifying the accuracy of invoices and other accounting documents or records.

e Preparing reports and regular monthly, quarterly, and annual reports for management.

e Update, verify and maintain accounting journals and ledgers, and other financial records.

e Managing, reviewing, preparing, processing, and tracking all payments, refunds, and expense

reimbursement.
e Performs other assigned comparable duties which are within the area of knowledge and skills required
by the job description.
EDUCATION AND () Certificate | Financial Management 07/2007

TRAINING The Centre For Executive Education , Dubai

Hig ner Diploma | of Executive Human Resources Management & Business 07/2006
The Centre For Executive Education , Dubai

Di;2ome | Accounting 01/1993
The Intermediate University College , Jordan

Hig School Diploma 07/1990
Thanaweyat Banat , Ajman

LANGUAGES © English: Arabic:
Negotiated: Negotiated: