ROBERT SMITH
Staff Accountant

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Professional Staff Accountunt with 15 years’ experience supporting CBO/Owners with environments such as
Service and Financial industries. Sincere, loyal and dedicated individual. A well-rounded finance
professional with an in-depth understanding of the financial reporting, asset valuations, fund accounting,
budgeting, financial unalysis, and other corporate finance areas. | um available and eager to apply my
dedication, strang analytical, quantitative und interpersonal skills toa Pinance/Accounti ng position.

SKILLS

Quickbooks, Excel, Ward, Accpac, Powerpoint, Access, Peachtree Accounting, ADP, Paychex

WORK EATHIUENGI

Staff Accountant
ABC Corponition - February 210 — Present

® Maintuining accounts receivables prepan ng invoices, posting receipts, credit card tminsactions,
collection calls und letters, manning A/R aging reports und analysis,
Maintaining accounts payables matching purchase orders to the job, posting payables, preparing
checks for payments, calling vendors for credit adjustments, muintaining credit applications and
limits, collecting lien waivers, collecting and verifying the certificate of insunince, running A/P
aging reports and analysis.
Managing payroll functions collecting, reviewing und enten.ng employees daily time for job costing,
job scorecurd und labor tracking.
Preparing bi-weekly payroll, making 941, 940, state and city tux deposits.
Maintaining employee files, maintaining W4, MO-4, and 1-9 forms and parting, maintaining and
reviewing H2B documentation,
Preparing monthly and quartedy payroll tax reports, verifying and prepanng annual payroll tax
retums and W-2s,
Reviewing all insurance policies annually and consider additional bids as the need requires.

Accountant
ABC Corponition - January 2001 — March 2007

Managed fixed assets which include entries for capitalizing, disposing and updating depreciation
schedule alang with PA register,

Maintained fixed asset schedules and depreciation reports for finuncial and tux reporting.
Maintained all cash accounts monthly bank reconciliation, line of credit, credit card transactions and
reconciliations and cash flow projections.

Maintained, reviewed und prepared daily, monthly and annual division and consolidated financial
statements (balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement),

Managed, analyzed and reported to department heads profitubility and vuriances.

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes