JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Driven professional with 15 years of accounting experience. Strong background in Full-Cycle Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable,
Financial Reporting, Collections, Reconciliations, Audit support, Tax Preparation, etc. Visionary team leader with outstanding team-building
skills. Adaptability and willingness to learn new skills. Flexible and versatile — able to work well under pressure.

SKILLS

¢ Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Pivot Tables & Formulas),  * Cooperative, Friendly and pleasant to work with.

Word, Outlook, Vendor portals, Bank access, Transaction pro, e Happy to receive feedback and adapt accordingly.
Credits Card online. Aderant Systems, Expert Image, RLM ¢ Cooperative, Friendly and pleasant to work with.
System, Concur, JDE, LS Management, MAS90 thru 500, e Happy to receive feedback and adapt accordingly.
Chrome River, QuickBooks. * Cooperative, Friendly and pleasant to work with.
e Excellent organization skills, analytical and detail oriented. e Happy to receive feedback and adapt accordingly.

¢ Problem solver, resourceful and versatile.

¢ Multi-tasking priorities and projects.

* Cooperative, Friendly and pleasant to work with.
« Happy to receive feedback and adapt accordingly.

Worx History

08/2020 to Current Accountant
Avx — Myrtle Beach, SC
e Full cycle Accounts Payable daily processing of vendor invoices, wire postings and month end duties
e Liaise with vendors, attorneys and staff to monitor and follow-up on invoice status
¢ Prepare month- end postings and GL account postings
e Review and scan Invoices for data entry, back-up documentation and approvals prior to payment
« Handle expense resmbursements and process through expense program
e Process daily check requests and rush check requests
e Enter hard and soft costs/disbursements into accounting system
e Handle end of year tax filing 10-99s. obtain W-9's
e Reconcile credit card payments and set up wire information for payments to be sent bi-weekly
e Effectively communicate with vendors regarding payment issues, past due vendor statements and inquires
e Communicate with attorneys and clients regarding all AP inquires including payment status, AP invoices
¢ Timely research and statements received and special projects on reportings as needed
e Enter Wire transfers, vendor adjustments, credit card statement transactions and checks
e Work with Billers to monitor follow-up on client disbursements retainers
© Special Adhoc projects

06/2017 to 03/2020 Accountant
Avx — Detroit, MI
¢ Handle full-cycle accounts payable functions
e Process weekly check run- get payment approvals, code invoices, and submit ACH payments
e Prepare month- end schedules and accruals
e Process and review duplicate invoices
e Set up new vendors
e Set up new ACH vendor info in bank
e Set up wire transfers international and Book2Bank transfers
e Research payment inquiries and communicate with vendors/payees
e Assist with annual audit schedules and requests
¢ Daily, weekly, and monthly financial reporting
e Identifying payment discrepancies and initiating collection or dispute resolutions; preformed follow up with
procedures as needed
e Audit expense reports.

06/2016 to 05/2017 Accountant
Axos Bank — Overland Park, KS
¢ Developed system in place for importing AP related invoices into MAS200
e Using data porter and data files making it more electronic versus manual and streamlining better workflow
¢ Reconcile vendor accounts on by weekly and monthly basis
e Keeping up to date with vendor statements
e Approving AP invoices for freight charges
¢ Processed and posted AP vendor invoices into MAS200
e Work closely with freight forwarders
e Negotiate freight quotes and decide which ones to assign for all shipments
e Confirm bookings for shipments with China team
¢ Work closely with China team approving freight forwarders and handling any other logistic issues
e Analysis on new freight forwarders to get better rates and save company money
e Negotiate cheaper rate quotes on by weekly basis if not monthly with forwarders
© Developed system in place for AR collections
e Trained staff on how to contribute in helping resolve claims in question
e Trained two employees how to process credit requests how to resolve and approve claims
¢ Processed shipments into MAS200 and assembled goods into system to receive products into warehouses.

08/2007 to 05/2016 Accountant
Axos Bank — Los Angeles, CA
e Responsible for handling all AP for 5 companies
e Set up vendor, collect W9's for tax purposes
e Processed payroll and employee reimbursement checks
© Set up and filed 10-99's and W2's for all 5 companies
e Reconciled AP vendor accounts on weekly and monthly basis
e Ensured all vendors were paid on time
¢ Followed up via email and phone call keeping good relationship with all vendors
e Worked closely with controller
e Assisted with any tasks and projects when requested from CEO
e Posted wires, credit card and manual check payments
e Made bank deposits also mailed taxes and any other IRS mail needing to go certified mail
e Reconciled wire and checking accounts
¢ Processed receipt of goods from all incoming shipments
e Ensured all purchase orders have been invoiced
¢ Set up purchase orders when requested for new and existing vendors
e Created excel reports for cash flow purposes.

EpucaTIOoN

05/2003 High School Diploma
Elsik High School - Houston, TX