SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

EXPERIENCE (©)

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public
sectors.Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines
under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.

Detail-oriented bookkeeping professional with 3+ years experience applying financial and managerial
accounting practices.

« Advanced Microsoft Office - Excel, Word, Power e Financial statement analysis

Point, e Budget forecasting expertise
« Accounting software - SAP Fico, SAP BPC, e Account reconciliation expert
Hyperion, AS 400, Acc Pac, iScala e Experienced with VBA programming
« AR/ Credit System - CTOS, Polymath, SAP e Adobe software proficiency
Copa e« General ledger accounting
« Languages - Bahasa Malaysia & English e Flexible team player

e Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)

Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.Genera! Ledger
Accounts
e Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable,
accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

ACCOUNTANT 07/2012 to 07/2015
Aaa Of Southern California

e Industry : Financial Services

« Monthly Salary: MYR 7,300

e Daily operations, development and improvement of accounting processes - budget preparation,
balance sheet, accounts receivables and payable transactions, payments and credit control.

e Preparation of all financial and management reporting and budgeting.

e Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.

e Monitoring of financial and treasury functions including funds management, cash flow planning and
projection, Draft full set audited financial statements and attend to all audit queries/issues.

e Responsible for company tax computation, tax compliance and tax planning.

e Responsible for GST implementation and quarterly submission.

¢ Liaise with auditors, tax agents, company secretary, bankers, external IT programmer and other local
government authorities.

« Responsible for implementation of new accounting system, HSBC online banking, CTOS and Polymath
contract system (credit application, reports, statement and etc) Responsible for withholding tax,
calculation and allocation of cost sharing and intercompany billing.

e Review, follow up and closely monitor bad debts report.

e Provide training to new and existing staff as needed.

ASOISTANT FINANCE MANAGER 05/2005 to 06/2012
Cheil

e Industry - Manufacturing & General Trading

« Salary MYR 5,300

e Managing subsidiaries month end closing process and consolidation as well reviewing to ensure
accuracy, completeness and meeting deadline given by Group Head Office (Sime Darby Berhad).

e Preparation, reviewing and timely submission of monthly, quarterly and annual Financial Reporting for
subsidiary company.

e Responsible for the preparation of yearly budget for subsidiary as well consolidation of the Budget
Report for the Division.

e Implementation of new financial consolidation system (BPC-SAP) for the Division, provide training,
support and maintenance for local and overseas subsidiary companies.

e Responsible for data mapping and testing.

e Prepare draft statutory accounts and attend to statutory audit issues.

e Credit control and follow up on outstanding collection.

e Treasury - trade finance, banking facilities, monitoring Bankers Acceptance, bank guarantees and cash
flow monitoring.

e Liaise with external auditor, company secretary, bankers, tax agents, lawyers and government
authorities.

e Ensure company's tax computation and submission is in order and made in a timely manner.

e Lead the team, supervise and monitor accounts staff on closing of monthly management accounts.

e Oversees, review and resolve all matters/problems in relation to accounts and taxation.

ACQOUNTS EXECUTIVE JUNIOR EXECUTIVE 01/2000 to 04/2005
Fundwin Sdn Bhd EP Manufacturing

e Industry: General Trading

« Salary MYR 2,800

e Prepare full set of accounts (GL, AR, AP), financial statement, monthly sales analysis, management
report, daily and monthly cash flow, payroll for management staff.

e Month end closing and reconcile of financial accounts, generating daily invoices and monthly
intercompany billing and reconciliation.

e Supervise Accounts Payable and Receivable Officer.

e Reconcile bank statement, apply and monitor trade finance facilities (banker acceptance and letter of
credit).

Bachelor of Science | Finance 1997
Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, Oklahoma

GPA: GPA: 2.49/4

CGPA: 2.49/4

Dijoma | Banking 1995
Mara Institute of Technology (UITM), Dungun, Terengganu
CGPA 3.35/4

accounting, Accounting software, accounting system, Accounts Payable and Receivable, accounts
receivables, AP. AR, AS 400. balance sheet, banking. billing, budget preparation, budgeting, Budget, cash
flow, closing, Cost Accounting, Credit, English 9, external auditor, Finance, Financial, Financial Accounting,
financial and management, Financial Reporting, financial statements, funds, GL, government, Hyperion, local
government, Managing, Excel, Microsoft Office, Office, Power Point, Word, month end closing, payroll,
processes, programmer, reporting, sales analysis, SAP. statutory accounts. tax compliance, tax planning, tax,
Treasury, Written