Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Versatile finance and accounting professional with 15 years of experience and proficiencies in financial reporting and analysis. Well-
versed in updating and standardizing controls and streamlining procedures to increase productivity and reduce errors. Superior

account management and reconciliation skills leading to achievement of desired results.

Skills
¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries e Report Preparation
¢ Problem-Solving ¢ Relationship Building
e Accounting Procedures Validation ¢ Financial Projections
e Account Reconciliation e Accounting Software Systems
e Accounting Policy and Control ¢ Documentation and Reporting
e GAAP Accounting Practices ¢ Customer Service
¢ Financial Reporting e Process Improvement
¢ Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Regulatory Compliance
¢ Decision Making e Financial Statement Review
e Accounting Records Analysis e Revenue Forecasting
¢ Financial Statements Review * Cost Reduction
¢ Information Systems Examination ¢ Mathematical Calculation and Reasoning
¢ Document Recordkeeping e Process Improvements

Experience

Accountant , 10/2013 to Current
Banner Health — Mesa, AZ
e Examined budgetary and proprietary financial statements to review appropriations financial performance.
e Prepared monthly and year-end closing financial statements
e Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and regulations.
¢ Summarized and interpreted current and projected Us Marine Corps Appropriation financial position for other managers.
e Conducted statistical analyses to determine trends and significant changes and wrote narrative reports explaining findings.
e Conducted forecasting and risk analysis assessments to maintain financial stability.
¢ Monitored budgetary and proprietary financial statements to evaluate financial performance.
¢ Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with digital accounting files.
¢ Analyzed monthly Appropriation budgeting and accounting reports to maintain obligations and expenditure controls.
¢ Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
e Conducted financial analysis and research to advise Military management on forecasting decisions.
e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements and financial documents.
¢ Summarized and interpreted current and projected appropriation financial position for other managers.
e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and digital files.
¢ Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
¢ Led the effort of Internal controls testing of processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls.
e Created, reviewed, and updated Standard Operating Procedure manuals, ensuring latest processes were captured.
¢ Collaborated with peers to meet strategic objectives.
¢ Participated in and contributed to meetings by sharing concerns and ideas for improvements.
¢ Created, reviewed, and updated Journal Voucher Guidance White Papers, ensuring current laws, regulations and guidance are

followed.

Accountant - Leader in Motion Development, 03/2010 to 10/2013
Department Of Defense — City, STATE
e Accepted into and successfully completed the Agency's highly competitive Leadership Development Program (Leaders in
Motion)
¢ Completed several six month rotations in various departments throughout the agency to gain a broad understanding of the
financial operation
e Observed confidentiality rules in job duties to improve overall data integrity and meet regulations.
¢ Maintained current understanding of federal accounting procedures to prevent legal or compliance issues.
e Supported Agency initiative projects by coordinating files, preparing deliverables and updating tracking spreadsheets.
¢ Demonstrated critical and strategic thinking developed from working on different tasks and projects.
¢ Provided assistance to lead accountant and learned steps involved for month-end and Year-end closing.
e Assisted with smooth preparation of monthly journal entries and accounts reconciliation.

e Assisted with end-of-year accounting and internal audit processing.

Accountant/Associate Business Manager, 08/2007 to 02/2010
Washington Group International — City, STATE
¢ Compiled timely business reports, prepared presentations and updated and maintained electronic records with absolute
accuracy.
¢ Worked closely with customers, internal teams, vendors and suppliers to deliver on high-profile, complex projects.
¢ Collaborated and built trust within organization and with customers, meeting or exceeding expectations.
¢ Improved tools to enable better tracking and business analysis.
¢ Compiled and reviewed financial results and project plans to communicate to Vice President of Finance.
¢ Analyzed financial data to determine efficient use of resources.
¢ Reported on project financial performance metrics to evaluate ROI, Day's Sales outstanding, and Return on Capital Employed

per project.
¢ Used variety of financial software packages to produce finance and accounting reports.

Education and Training

MBA: Accounting , 05/2009
Indiana Wesleyan University - Marion, IN

« Cum laude graduate

BBA: Finance, 12/2005
Kent State University - Kent, OH

Certifications

e Lean Six Sigma GreenBelt Certification, Department of Defense Finance & Accounting Services - 2012