Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Accountant Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Versatile Accounting and Finance professional with more than 8 years of progressively responsible
experience In fast-paced environments. Expertise in profit and loss management and skilled In all
basic accounting functions for organizations including payroll, general ledger, and financial
analysis. Experience with cash-flow structuring and managernent and financial and strategic
planning. Established reputation for precision and steadiness, while increasing efficiency and
identifying areas of improvernent

Skills

ET Quick Books Pro, Microsoft Office - Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Microsoft Outlook,
Work Experience

Accountant
ABC Corporation - February 2013 - Present

Responsible for accounts payable and accounts recelyable, data entry, generating checks,
and customer/supplier communication using Quickbooks pro.
Processing weekly payroll, verifying time cards, generating excel surnmary spreadsheet and
entering data into paychecks.

* Preparing and verifying dally reports, incorne/sales, journal entries, deposits of ticket sales
receipts.

* Reconciling bank accotint, compile monthly reports, maintaining returned check account, and
assisting In preparing a monthly balance sheet and Income statement.

» Offering recommendations to management regarding changes In financial transactions as well
as cash flow.
Working on ralntaining and tallying accounting ledgers in coordination with accounting
departments.
Responsible for managing cash flow with forecasting and budgeting methods and keeping
track of account receivables.

Accounting Assistant
ABC Corporation - May 2008 - july 2010

Prepared and processed purchase orders, invoices, check requests, rnanual checks and
contract payments.
Reviewed and approved purchasing and accounts payable transactions for posting.

* Responsible for managing yearend cut off processes for accounts payable and receivable,

* Maintained A/P, prepared journal entries, bank reconciliations and p&arnp;| statements
accountable for creating, updating and maintaining purchase orders,

* Responsible for coordinating with customers, vendors Samp; sales representatives for
merchandise inquiries recorded transactions by debiting and crediting financial accounts
using QuickBooks,

» Assisted supervisor in preparing internal reports using MS-Excel and MS Powerpoint

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines