SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Motivated. experienced Accountant who effectively manages multiple projects, and possesses superior
organizational and problem solving skills. A self-starter with a positive attitude and willingness to support
company goals is seeking a challenging position.

« Billing and Collections e Assists with Month End Close
« Accounts Payable/ Receivable e Accounting Software/ Microsoft Office
« Human Resources/ Payroll e Notary Commissioned
« General Ledger Maintenance e Participates in yearly audits
GRANT ACCOUNTANT 06/2013 to CURRENT

Catholic Community Services Of | Bellingham, WA

e Maintains General Ledger.

e Assists with Month End Close.

e Month End Reporting/ Invoicing of assigned grants.

e Trains new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
e Creates periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs.

e Weekly draw down cash from the State of Missouri utilizing the Financial Reporting System.
e Facilitates Accounts Receivable, including billing and collections.

e Processes Accounts Payable using Sage software.

e Manages many budgets for several grants, awards and contracts.

e Documents fiscal procedures and revises fiscal procedures as needed.

e Forecasting for several programs and departments as requested.

ACIOUNT CLERK 09/201 2 to 06/2013
Geodis | Riverside, CA

e Accounts Payable

« Payroll

e General Ledger Reconciliation
e Accounts Receivable

AC AINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 06/2006 to 06/2071
Columbus Mckinnon Corporation | Damascus, VA

e Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.

e Cash management for various projects.

e Managed school picture program.

e Managed parking tag program.

e Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

e Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
e Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

e Facilitated the changes to the student handbook each year.

e Implemented the staff and student ID program.

ACQOUNTING MANAGER 05/2005 to 06/2006
24 Hour Fitness Worldwide, Inc. | Monrovia, CA

e Processed and reconciled Accounts Payable.

e Processed and reconciled Accounts Receivable including deposits.

« Facilitated all Billing and Collections.

e Maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.

e Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.

e Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.

e Analyzed and researched accounting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.
e Performed cost analysis as needed.

ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AND BILLING SPECIALIST 01/1997 to 05/2004
Reliable Disposal, Inc./ IESI | City, STATE

e Accurately performed billing for three departments.

e Facilitated collections for all delinquent accounts.

e Set up new accounts including credit requests.

e Created account merge and billing process for IESI after acquiring several small companies, facilitating
a smooth merge of all companies.

e« Performed complete payroll including payroll taxes.

« Managed accounts payable and accounts receivable.

e Reconciliation of vendor statements.

Associate of Applied Science | Accounting
St. Louis Community College, St. Louis, MO
Accounting

Hc iors Project Completed in Financial Accounting