Robert Smith

Senior Accountant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Dedicated Accountant with over 10 years of experience and profi ciencies in
account management, flow, reporting, and across many business areas.
Business experience in financial analysis and management. Attention to
detail in cllent management, evaluating economic and business trends,
completion of financial details, and organizational skills, Results oriented
leader with process management skills to cornplete tasks within budget and
on time. Adept at financial review, research, and analysis in a fast paced
environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Accountant
ABC Corporation~- January 2011 - Present
Re sponsibilties:

= Perforrning general accounting and financial activities Including journal
entry preparation and posting as well as account analysis and
accrual/reserve analysis,

* Developing financial statements including balance sheet, income
statement and cash flow.

= Continuously monitoring all financial and statistical reports for accurate
completion of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
financial statement.

« Preparing financial and business related analysis and research In such
areas as financial and expense performance, rate of return,
depreciation, working capital, and Investments.

= Working closely with other finance teams and with other departments to
receive, retrieve and consolidate data and ensure data Integrity in
reporting.

= Analyzing monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to
maintain expenditure controls.

« Consolidating monthly reporting packages, forecasts, and annual
budgets and analyze trends In revenue, expense, capital expenditures,
and other related areas.

Accountant
ABC Corporation- July 2007 - December 2010
Re sponsibilties:
= Reviewed, analyzed, processed and maintained accounting and
financial transactions and records to ensure operational quality and
efficiency measures are achieved,
= Performed a variety of accounting functions that supported
organization-wide operations and maintained the accuracy of general
and expenditure ledgers and financial systems.
= Accomplished daily and monthly receiving of bank deposits and
subsequent cash and billing adjustments to corresponding accounts.
* Assisted with Invoicing, processing payments and resolving collection
issues.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Quickbooks, Microsoft
ProSystern Fx Tax, CCH
Practice Management,
Abacus Accounting

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Caoking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)