JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

To pursue excellence in the dynamic business world by obtaining a placement allowing me to perform in an environment where honesty,
sincerity & a positive attitude would be valued. I would like to take up a challenging job to nourish my qualification , expertise & experience
within a reputed organization & further enhance my performance Flexible [Job Title] who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving
accounting processes and technologies. Flexible [Job Title] who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and
technologies.

HiGHuiGcHTs

¢ Dos , Windows 9.x . XP, MS Office, Oracle, Tally, Adobe e Account reconciliations
Photoshop , Adobe Illustrator, Pagemaker, 3d Inifnative, Audio
Editing, Video Editing , Macro Media Director, Oracle 81,
Developer 2000.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Enter outstanding achievements that show you can go above and beyond basic job expectations. See Examples General Ledger Accounts
e Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, preX XX, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.

EXPERIENCE

09/2011 to 07/2015 Accountant
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. — Duluth, MN

e Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage
costs to achieve budget. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/XXXbases, using
specialized accounting software. Responsible to ensure that receivables are timely collected, Participate in
preparation of Monthly Management reports, Stock taking, monthly, quarterly and yearly and running reports for
inventory control and analysis, Inspection and follow up of warehouse for stock movement.

e Review of taxation documents and applications for clients, Preparing for cost analysis and variance reports, and
supporting management in cost modeling and overhead cost allocation, Processing for final payment for suppliers
and staff.

e Assisting management in Budget preparation, Checking of proper documentation before payment disbursement.

e Reconciliation of Bank Statements, staff account and supplier accounts, Financial ratios and analysis report of the
same, Making MIS report for CFO and senior Management, Coordinating with other departments for financial
management.

2009 to 08/2011 Accountant
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. — East Millstone, NJ

e Reviewed accountant#s book entries to ensure accuracy of the G/L. Responsible to ensure that receivables are
timely collected, Participate in preparation of Monthly Management reports, Stock taking, monthly, quarterly and
yearly and running reports for inventory control and analysis, Inspection and follow up of warehouse for stock
movement.

e Preparing for cost analysis and variance reports, and supporting management in cost modeling and overhead cost
allocation, Maintaining staff accounts and processing staff salary, leave, and final settlement in timely manner after
checking of documents and auditing of the same.

e Processing for final payment for suppliers and staff, Processing and review of tax documents, Assisting
management in Budget preparation, Checking of proper documentation before payment disbursement, Liaising
with HR and suppliers for payroll and other disbursement.

Reconciliation of Bank Statements, staff account and supplier accounts, Financial ratios and analysis report of the

same, Giving guidance and support for general staff for payroll and finance, Making MIS report for CFO and

senior Management, Coordinating with other departments for financial management.

e Aug'07- Dec'08 Autol (Al-Ghannam Auto World Co.

¢ WLL), Kuwait Accountant: Responsible to ensure that liabilities are XXX on time and receivables are timely
collected, Participate in preparation of Monthly Management reports, Maintaining accounts on daily basis, Stock
taking and inventory report as well as warehouse inspection, Preparing and disbursing salary and leave to staff after
checking of proper documentation, Reconciliation of Bank Statements, MIS report for senior management.

03/2006 to 04/2007 Accountant
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. — East Portland, OR, India
e Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
Responsible for payable are XXX on time and receivables are timely collected, Ensures Co.
¢ policies related to payments, and contracts are completely followed.
e Preparing payroll for staff, Preparation of Financial Statements.

09/2001 to 02/2006 Account Assistant
Sharedhr — Petaluma, CA, India

e Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/XXXbases, using specialized accounting
software. Maintaining Accounts on daily basis up to finalization, Follow up Accounts receivables and daily
reporting to the Management, Preparation of Inventory Reports, Sales Invoices , Purchase Invoices and all
accounting Vouchers of debit & credit.

e Sep’ 2K- Sep’01 Digital Vish Computers, Udaipur (Raj.) India.

e Maintaining Cash books and Journal book and reconciliation of bank accounts, Preparation of Cash Vouchers &
handle petty cash, Daily routine banking works etc.

EpucaTIon
2006 MBA: Finance
Vidyasagar University - Midnapur, West Bengal
Finance
2000 Select...
Mohan Lal Sukhadia University - Udaipur, Rajasthan
SKILLS

3d, accounting, Accountant, Accounts receivables, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Pagemaker, Audio Editing, auditing, banking, book,
Budget preparation, contracts, cost analysis, credit, clients. debit, Dec, documentation, Dos, senior Management, finance, Financial, financial
management, Preparation of Financial Statements, HR, Inspection, Inventory, inventory control, Macro Media Director, MS Office, 2K,
Windows 9.x, works, MIS, modeling, Developer 2000, Oracle 81, Oracle, payroll, policies, reporting, Sales, tax, Video Editing

AFFILIATIONS

Enter any professional organizations that you are involved in.
See Examples