FRANK CANADLE

5555 APPLE COURT, CITY, STATE, 55555 | E-MAIL ADDRESS | PHONE NUMBER

STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Accomplished Accounting Professional with extensive experience in fiscal operations, business administration,
A/P, A/R, ad hoc reporting, cost allocation, month / year-end closing, variance analysis, and development /
implementation of procedures and policies. Demonstrated expertise in strategic planning, forecasting, budgeting,
financial auditing, project management, and complex tax issues. Thoroughly detail-oriented with strong team
leadership and collaboration skills. Proficient in JO Edwards, AS400, Real World, Solomon IV, QuickBooks, SAP,
Platinum, Retail Pro, Real Estate Manager, ACE, Microsoft Excel & Word.

PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTING EXPERIENCE

Expertly handle vast array of financial reporting and accounting functions, including reconciliation of
bank accounts, preparation / analysis of monthly and yearly financials, and preparation of budgets and
1099s.

Develop client invoices and financial statement, reconcile TRE, Amex, Petty Cash, and Prepaid accounts,
and code / enter / pay invoices.

Prepare and distribute daily cash position to CFO & COO, update budget schedules and prepare entries
involving cost of goods sold and labor between balance sheet and P&L.

Process all payments and apply them against invoices.

Serve as key contributor to managing benefit plan enrollment process.

Proactive partner with Controller to prepare documentation enabling new stores to operate and perform
business in desired state.

Reconcile customer deposits, prepaid labor, inventory and pending sales accounts.

Ensured optimum inventory levels by ordering materials and supplies.

Prepare monthly commissions for in house sales staff and outside representatives.

Prepare daily cash position, manage A / R and A/ P functions, reconcile fixed asset accounts, calculate
sales and use tax, prepare multiple bank reconciliations, research chargebacks, and prepared percent
rent.

Assist with payroll administration duties, including payroll journal entry.

Resolve discrepancies between bank postings and store postings and other accounting related issues.

PROFESSIONAL WORK HISTORY

Name of Company, City, State, Staff Accountant / Benefits Administrator, 2013 — Present

Name of Company, City, State, Staff Accountant / Benefits Administrator, 2012 - 2013

Name of Company, City, State, Staff Accountant, 2011 - 2012

Name of Company, City, State, Staff Accountant / Bookkeeper Consultant / Temp, 2007 - 2011

Name of Company, City, State, Staff Accountant (Wholesale & Retail), 2006 — 2007

Name of Company, City, State, Accounts Payable Accountant / Staff Accountant (Wholesale), 2000 - 2006

EDUCATION

Name of College, City, State, Bachelors in Accounting - 2010
Name of College, City, State, Associates in Accounting