PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated Account Professional with seven years of experience in public accounting and financial
management. Demonstrated talents in financial accounting and creating dynamic strategies to achieve
business objectives and increase revenue. Excellent leadership skills with business optimization expertise.
Seeking for a challenging and varied position that will enable to capitalize on sound accounting expertise, with
opportunities for personal and professional growth.

e« Monthly Account / Bank Reconciliation e Regulatory Compliance
« Closing processes e Excellent verbal and written communication skills
« Monthly / Quarterly / Year End Reports e Multiple tasking Capabilities
« MS Office Suite e Creative thinking and problem solving
e SAP and Blackline expertise e Superior attention to detail
e Intuit QuickBooks and Net Suite Knowledge e Analytical Skills
e Audit coordination « Spreadsheet management
« General ledger accounting expertise e Workflow planning
© ACCOUNTANT 09/2021 to CURRENT

Arkansas State Highway Transportation Department | Mccrory, AR

e Prepare month-end journal entries from accounting transactions

e Prepare A/R and Bank Reconciliations, operating accruals, and Misc revenue

e Provide journal entries and perform accounting on accrual basis.

e Evaluate and improve accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Complete monthly KMA variance reports by supporting the KPMG audit process: and providing specific
required analysis on assigned areas

e Maintain integrity of general ledger and chart of accounts.

e Collect and report monthly expense variances and explanations.

e Initiate comprehensive account assessments to check viability, stability and profitability of cable
business operations.

e Execute financial reporting. managing prepaid accounts, schedules, reconciliations, event settlements
and month-end accruals.

e Collect and arrange financial information from CSG and ICOMS biller and enter details into SAP
financial management system as well as Blackline.

e Prepare and update all required schedules for Enterprise and Resi clients

e Assist accounting manager to Identify and investigate variances to financial plans and forecasts.

e Review and analyze various transactional level details including accounts payable transactions and
adjust the ledger accordingly

e Prepare revenue validations and perform revenue analysis annually,quarterly and monthly

e Promote continuous workflow and issue resolution through communication and identification of conflicts.

AC JOUNTANT 10/2017 to 09/2021
Arkansas State Highway Transportation Department | Mena, AR

e Research and Resolve differences associated with incoming and outgoing return item cash letter that
are received from Federal Reserve banks. Internal Departments, and other financial institutions through
various banking channels.

e Research and Resolve multiple check error types such as Paid, Return, Double post, Advice request,
Missing Items, Encoding errors and NOI.

e Balance and Reconcile internal accounts and general ledgers.

e Balance Federal Reserve accounts, Same Day settlement and clearinghouse account.

e Determine accounting entries and make appropriate disposition.

e Maintain internal operational and financial controls and ensure that are observed for all assigned
cases.

e Prepare financial Entries regarding offsets accurately.

e Analyze and provide input to Team managers based on department procedures and escalates issue to
team managers based on risk exposure.

e Process outgoing Retail Bank Returns which are sent to partner banks, FED and on Citi via Vsoft
eReturns application.

e Perform research regarding fraud checks and make necessary debit, credit adjustments to client's acct
based on research.

¢ Help in day to day closing of NYB proof

e Work on SVPCO reconciliation and NYB pivot reconciliation daily

e Reconcile NYB pivot acct charges and research outages to determine correct path to resolution

e Compile FRAC report and complete journals in full suite to necessary items

e Manage incoming emails from internal and external sources to departmental inbox and treat all inquiries
with sense of urgency and route communication correctly and quickly

e Full exposure and expertise to various Citi applications Mainframe, eclipse, File net, full suite , frontier,
web viewer and other Web Based applications.

e Train new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.

e Investigate and resolve variances in digital and physical records to promote record integrity.

e Analyze budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.

ACQOUNTING AND ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 12/2015 to 04/2017
Myhr Partner | King Of Prussia, PA

e Performed payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and
submitting payroll for various clients.

e Assisted in completing tax returns, preparing tax packages and helping clients with their tax planning.

e Helped clients with their sales tax processing and filing and also issuing 1099s for their vendors at year
end.

e Filed individual and corporate taxes for clients through Ultra tax software

e Helped clients in paying invoices by verifying transaction information, scheduling and preparing
disbursements, obtaining authorization of payment.

e Worked closely with Senior Accountants for preparation of quarterly and year end closing reports

e Helped Senior accountants in preparation of financial statements of clients

e Assisted accountants in preparing complex financial analytical reports as needed using excel (pivot
table, V-lookups, charts etc).

e Prepared, examined, or analyzed accounting records, financial statements, or other financial reports to
assess accuracy, completeness, and conformance to reporting and procedural standards.

e Monitored status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate efficient processing.

e Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account
statement each month.

e Assessed data and information to verify entry, calculation and billing code accuracy.

e Applied mathematical abilities on daily basis to calculate and check figures in all areas of accounting
systems.

e Cooperated with senior leaders to create operating budgets and initiate financial planning.

ACQOUNTING AND ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 08/2014 to 12/2015
Myhr Partner | Rochester, NY

e Prepared and processed payroll information in QuickBooks.

e Assisted in preparing quarterly and yearly financial statements and printing reports and analyzing.

e Prepared debit, credits and total accounts on computerized spreadsheets and databases.

e Helped in tax planning and projections for clients and assist in solving their tax related issues.

e Helped senior accountant with preparation of tax and other financial reports.

e Handled client correspondence and tracked records to foster office efficiency.

e Processed invoices and expenses using Quickbooks and Bill.com

e Maintained complex digital filing system for financial information.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct
activities and communicate instructions.

e Performed general office duties, including answering multi-line phones, routing calls and messages and
greeting visitors.

e Drafted professional memos, letters and marketing copy to support business objectives and growth.

e Created PowerPoint presentations for business development purposes.

Master of Science | Accounting 05/2022
Maryville University, St Louis, MO
« Major in Accounting

Bz helor of Science | Accounting 12/2014
Towson University, Baltimore, MD