JAMES CLARK

SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

DETAILS

ADONESS:

6500 Rossy Sveet
Ptledeiphia, PA THT
United States
PHONE

REN e-zon

man
Clat_kz_jomesoBgmallcom

SKILLS

interpersonal Skills
eeeee

Management
eeeee

Recruting
eeene

Leadership
eeeee

PROFILE

Certified Accountant with five years of experience in accoumt reconciliations,
Streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly motivated professional with a
proven track record of delivering accurate reports and high quality service, Possess a
comprehensive understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning,
A dedicated leader with the ability to lead affective teams in attaining profit
improvement.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Accountant, Huntington Associates
Jul 2019 — Sep 2027

+ Qversaw the management of a8 company accounts:

+ Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial transactions.

+ Managed accounting teams and ensured that all accounting records were
complete and accurate

+ Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance department in a
comprehensive way.

+ Remained professional and discreet when handling sensitive or private
financial matters.

+ Working closely with junior staff members wile aiding them in the
Progression of their carcers.

Staff Accountant, Dubone Partnership New York
Nov 2014 — Sep 2038

+ Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues.

+ Projected future trends based on analysis work.

1 Managed complex expense reporting.

+ Develop strategies for minimizing tax Babilty.

+ Work closely with auditors during all audit processes.

+ Performed financial risk assessments for al future business projects.
+ Organized sates and profit reports.

+ Prepare, review, and submit crucial budget plans for company goals.

Accounting Records Manager, Pepsico New York
Oct 2015 — Oct 2014

+ Worked as a supervisor to staff of twelve finance department members.

+ Prepared budget and analyzed inventories cost of goods, and general
accounts.

+ Setved as a faison between the accounting staff and the external audit staff

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration and Accounting, New York
St. Joseph's College
Jul 2018 — Jul 2020