JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Emerging accounting professional ready to develop career foundation with expanding operation. Dedicated to keeping records accurate and
controls tight to meet all business needs. Systematic and well-organized with strong attention to detail, mathematical acumen and GAAP
knowledge.

Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions diligently. Instrumental in keeping business
operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts.
Experienced Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Handles
detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion. Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make positive impact on
business operations.

Detail-oriented Account Assistant knowledgeable about Industry practices and clerical support needs. Focused on offering first-rate
administrative assistance to facilitate smooth department operations.

SKILLS
« Tax accounting specialization e Financial Reporting
e Advanced bookkeeping skills e Administrative support
¢ Fiscal budgeting knowledge © Self-motivated professional
« Tax law understanding e Superior attention to detail
« Finance © QuickBooks expert
¢ Bookkeeping © Data Entry

Work History

01/2020 to 03/2020 Accountant
Ametek, Inc. — Montvale, NJ

¢ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual
1095 forms.

¢ Maintained and processed invoices, deposits and money logs.

e Analyzed budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.

e Managed, tracked and monitored financial updates, watch lists and insurance files.

¢ Completed daily accounting tasks including tracking funds, preparing deposits and reconciling accounts.

e Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and
general bookkeeping.

¢ Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.

¢ Validated project and employment information and completed manual adjustments to financial data.

¢ Used accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.

e Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

e Reviewed and processed client payments, including electronic payments and check deposits.

e Generated and submitted invoices based upon established accounts receivable schedules and terms.

e Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.

© Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with all client details and tax return information.

¢ Diminished outstanding debts by analyzing accounts for issues.

10/2019 to 12/2019 Delivery Driver
Hca — Pembroke Pines, FL
e Fostered positive working relationships with customers by responding to questions and concems.
¢ Completed rush deliveries on tight timetables to satisfy customer needs.
e Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times.
¢ Completed on-time deliveries by choosing best and most efficient routes.
e Communicated customer complaints, requests and feedback to company management for swift resolution.
¢ Completed all necessary paperwork using neat and legible handwriting.
e Performed walk around on delivery vehicle before beginning shift to verify correct and safe operating order.
© Operated vehicle safely in highly congested areas with no traffic violations.
e Safely loaded items into delivery vehicle to minimize damage while in transit.
e Followed all company policies and procedures during shift.
¢ Maintained clean and orderly appearance while on shift.
e Reported customer questions, issues and complaints to management.
e Tracked delivery information, mileage and fuel use while on shift.
e Informed customers of discounts, special offers and programs to enhance customer experience.
e Interpreted maps and followed written and verbal directions.

01/2017 to 01/2018 Car Salesman
Tipotex Chevrolet Inc. — City, STATE
e Offered each customer top-notch, personal service and polite support to boost sales and customer satisfaction.
¢ Met customers on lot and in showroom to discuss available vehicles and options.
¢ Demonstrated vehicles and features, and conduct test drives.
e Greeted customers on lot and in showroom to answer questions about brand and available inventory.
¢ Completed registration paperwork and sales documentation.
e Offered comprehensive knowledge of vehicle operations and brand features.
e Generated consistent referrals and repeat business by providing exceptionally knowledgeable and friendly service.
e Approached each problem with fresh mind and analytical strategies to quickly resolve concerns.
¢ Prepared purchased vehicles and completed final delivery checks.
¢ Completed sales contracts, purchase documentation, registration paperwork and dealership records.
e Maintained compliance with all service, quality, and regulatory standards.
e Negotiated purchase prices and explained sales, warranty and optional products.
¢ Maintained in-depth knowledge of vehicles, market conditions and customer buying preferences.
¢ Demonstrated vehicle features and conducted test drives.

EpucaTIon

05/2010 High School Diploma: High School Diploma
Hanna High School - Brownsville, TX

Business

Texas Southern University - Houston, TX

09/2013 Accountancy
Southern Careers Institute Inc - Brownsville, TX