PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Growth Catalyst and Turnaround Architect who has repeatedly been promoted to lead strategic company
expansions that consistently drive revenue growth, improve operations and transform culture.

e Audit Preparation

« GAAP Accounting Practices

« Tax Liabilities

e« Journal Entry Preparation

« Microsoft Dynamics

« Proactive and Self-Motivated

« Precision and Accuracy

e Microsoft Project

« Microsoft Access

« Inventory Reconciliation

e« Microsoft SharePoint

« Critical Thinking

« Microsoft PowerPoint

e Inventory Verification

« Balance Sheets

« General Ledger Management

e Vendor Record Management

« Processing Checks and Invoices
« Critical Thinking and Analysis

e Financial Statements

« Business Operations and Forecasting
e Effective and Professional Communication
« Business Operations Analysis

e Inventory Assessments

e General Ledger

ACCOUNTANT
Barry-Wehmiller | Sheboygan, WI

Intuit QuickBooks

Budget Forecasting Expertise
Sage 50 Accounting Software
Account and Ledger Reconciliations
Accounts Payable and Receivable
File Maintenance

Profit and Loss Accountability
Budgeting and Allocation

Tax Return Preparation

Bank Statement Reconciliation
Microsoft Excel

Invoice Processing

Microsoft Exchange

Document Management

Business Planning

Cash Handling

Word Processing

Tax Planning

Expense Reports

Financial Forecasting

Office Management

Business Development

Cost Analysis

Payroll Preparation and Processing

03/2019 to CURRENT

e Developed and initiated projects, managed costs and monitored performance.

e Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.

e Managed finance for projects under direction of the President to meet deadlines and budget limitations.
e Maintained payable email inbox and digitized invoices for processing.

e Generated and submitted invoices based upon established accounts receivable schedules and terms.
e Provided detailed product orders based on project drawings and technical specifications.

e Accelerated progress by continually reviewing performance, project budgets and project timelines.

e Updated operational methods and oversaw accounting procedures for improved efficiency.

e Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals. project budget and scope.

e Adhered to budget requirements with excellent planning and consistent expense monitoring.

e Identified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed daily reports and

analysis.

e Created detailed expense reports to facilitate reimbursement for business expenses incurred.
e Prepared and distributed employee reimbursement checks.
¢ Maintained complete documentation and records of all purchasing activities.

ACCOUNTANT
Barry-Wehmiller | Spokane, WA

e Excellent communication and customer service liaison.

01/2001 to CURRENT

e Handled day-to-day accounting processes to drive financial accuracy.
e Checked general ledger entries to increase accuracy, prevent significant errors and identify

adjustments.

e Gathered financial information, prepared documents and closed books.
e Created and introduced updated processes for accounts receivable sub-ledger and customer attribute

reporting.

e Monitored status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate prompt processing.

« Documented cash. credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

e Prepared and filed tax forms to meet needs of company.

« Communicated with suppliers to reconcile invoice payments.

e Managed vendor purchase order dispatch, delivery and invoicing to set contractual guidelines and

maintain budgetary regulations.

e Processed payroll by validating work hours and attendance of employees...
e Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate

financial data and transactions.

e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of

improvement.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge on professional accounting standards to manage financial

recordkeeping.

ACQOUNTING ASSISTANT
ignify | Greenville, NC

10/2014 to 01/2017

e Developed and implemented a tracking system that detected and reconciled delivered parts not
received in Epicor by the receiving department to corresponding invoices from vendors offering a 10%
discount when within paid within 10 days, saving the company over 2.5 million dollars in lost discount

e Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.

e Matched purchase orders with invoices and recorded necessary information.

¢ Monitored status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate prompt processing

e Maintained clean and organized files by keeping accounts payable records up-to-date.

e Used Epicor ERP software to prepare and complete weekly and monthly financial reports, providing

insight into performance, operations and cash flow

e Supervised daily bookkeeping operations with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable,

banking reconciliation and disbursements.

e Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account

statement each month.

e Processed payments and documents such as invoices, journal vouchers, employee reimbursements

and statements.

e Created detailed expense reports to facilitate reimbursement for business expenses incurred.

« Complied with established policies and performed bank reconciliations, accounts payable/receivable,
invoicing, billing and profit and loss statements for 100 clients.

« Worked with management at project level to achieve expense plans.

« Suggested key budgetary changes to increase company profits.

« Managed accounting department through oversight of accounts payable/receivable, purchasing and

payroll activity.

MBA | International Business 03/2018
Keller Graduate School of Management, Smyrna, GA

« Member of The National Society of Leadership and Success

« Professional development completed in Online Business Course Instructor
Ba helor of Science | Technical Management / Entrepreneurship 05/2074

DeVry University, Downers Grove, IL

e« Business Training -