SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Intelligent Accountant with strong GAAP knowledge and data analysis expertise. Commended for successfully
directing accounting team and maintaining timely operations in challenging environments. Results-oriented
leader possessing first-rate process management skills to complete tasks within budget and on time.
Conscientious Accountant with 23 years of experience within financial realms. Demonstrated success entering
PQs in accounting software with accuracy and precision. Proven history of top-level performance and

integrity.

« Budget forecasting expertise e Year-end close
e GAAP Accounting e General ledger entries
« Accounting and bookkeeping e Financial analysis
« Payroll management e« Account reconciliation
« Auditing e General ledger accounting
« A/PandA/R « Reporting
) ACCOUNTANT 06/2014 to CURRENT

Apptopia | Remote, OR

e Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.
e Prepared accurate financial reports each month by collecting. analyzing and summarizing account

information.

e Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing and
collections.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and
digital files.

¢ Certified and processed payroll, electronic deposits and pay adjustments while distributing checks.

e Alleviated financial discrepancies by preparing bank reconciliations, managing field audits and
reviewing accounting records for accuracy.

e Maintained current understanding of state and federal accounting procedures to prevent legal or
compliance issues.

e Coordinated budget information by assessing estimated income and expenses as well as historical
budgets.

e Suggested key operational changes to improve performance by extracting financial data from various
reporting systems.

e Processed invoices and checks, and maintained daily cash logs and deposits.

e Organized and maintained chart of accounts, and updated monthly entries and adjustments of ADP
payroll entries and monthly accruals.

e Performed bi-weekly payroll and coordinated record keeping.

e Handled AP. ledger, reconciliation and statement requirements to maintain records accuracy, integrity
and compliance.

e Managed accounting closings, accounts payable and financial reporting for multiple clients.

e Collaborated with accounting management to produce accurate and timely financial paperwork and
reports for AP and AR, budget administration and year-end closing requirements.

e Resolved balance errors using accounting software.

e Substantiated financial transactions by auditing documents and classifying receipts and expenditures
and compiled and analyzed complex accounting and statistical information.

e Reviewed transactions, issued checks and updated ledgers and budgets.

e Assessed requisitions each month to ensure accuracy and reconciled transactions.

e Interfaced with technical team members to automate processes and streamline accounts payable and
receivable activities.

e Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.

e Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.

e Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.

e Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

e Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.

e Identified process inefficiencies and recommended improvements.

e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.

e Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

e Assessed data and information to check entries, calculations and billing codes for accuracy.

e Identified and resolved obstacles to enable continuous workflow.

e Established complete accounting structures, processes and controls to meet business requirements.

e Supported budget administration with detailed expense analyses and report reviews.

e Performed comprehensive financial audits in collaboration with accounting team members.

¢ Monitored and tracked expenses to keep business on track with financial targets.

e Tracked income and expenses for business using accounting software.

e Performed in-depth analysis of business operations, trends and obligations to complete accurate
projections.

e Audited, reviewed and compiled financial statements for government entities.

FRONT-END MANAGER/BOOKKEEPER 06/1999 to 07/2014
Monarch Casino Black Hawk | Black Hawk, CO

0 Manage 30+ Cashiers, compose a weekly schedule for 100+ employees, have employees sign off and
follow company policies, complete all new hire paperwork, train new associates. make Excel worksheets to
help explain business to others, in-store audits, price checks, organize weekly meetings, data entry

0 3 years experience with Kronos timekeeping system

o Wait on customers by cashier register or help answering questions, Western Unions Transfers, Lottery,
calculate cash drawers, check cashing, money orders, answer phones and transfer to right department

o Balance tills, do payroll, close and open the cash office, sales figures, bank deposits

0 Utilize applicable systems such as Shrink Trax, Lane Accountability, Electronic Journals, and Self Checkouts
to review associate productivity. Assist in the execution if action plans to address issues and opportunities.

0 Actively utilize new technology initiatives including gapcom.

0 Actively participate in store-based initiatives designed to enhance community events and the store's image
as a supporter of community activities.

0 Ordering supplies.

oO Inventory for Department and Grocery.

CC.UNTER HELPER 02/1999 to 06/1999
Tastee Freeze | City, STATE

¢ Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.

e Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.

e Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase
profits.

e Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase
restaurant sales.

e Communicated with kitchen staff frequently to stay up-to-date on supply availability and potential
customer wait times.

e Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to
management for resolution.

e Handled food safely and kept spaces clean to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain
proper sanitation.

e Minimized customer wait times by taking and filling large volume of orders each day.

e Assisted kitchen staff with food counts by determining number of items required for complete service.

e Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.

e Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.

e Developed strong and lasting resident relationships.

W/CTRESS 02/1998 to 01/1999
Golden Corral Buffet And Grill | City, STATE

e« Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.

e Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.

« Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase
profits.

« Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase
restaurant sales.

« Communicated with kitchen staff frequently to stay up-to-date on supply availability and potential
customer wait times.

e« Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to
management for resolution.

e Handled food safely and kept spaces clean to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain
proper sanitation.

« Minimized customer wait times by taking and filling large volume of orders each day.

e Prepared salads, appetizers and garnishes to assist kitchen staff.

e Served plated dinners, oversaw buffet-style dinners and passed hors d'oeuvres for parties.

e« Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.

e Setup dining room to meet hospitality and service standards.

« Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.

« Greeted newly seated guests promptly, filled water glasses and brought bread to table.

e Answered guest questions regarding menu, food and beverage preparation, recipe ingredients and
allergens.

« Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.

e Maintained knowledge of menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods to assist guests
with menu selection.

« Documented food orders and ran items to guest tables in dining room.

e Satisfied customers by topping off drinks and anticipating condiments, napkins and other needs.

e Reset tables between guests, refilled condiments and wiped down surfaces.

e Relayed orders and special requests to cooks.

« Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.

e« Handled special customer requests for separate checks and menu substitutions.

« Provided timely checks on guest needs and brought requests.

e« Calculated accurate bill amounts and processed cash and credit card payments.

| Associate of Science | Accounting

Wor-Wic Community College, Salisbury, MD

Ba-helor of Science | Accounting And Business Management
University of Maryland University College, Upper Marlboro, MD

Mister of Science | SuperfreshTasteeCyber Accounting 12/2021
University of Maryland Global Campus, Upper Marlboro, MD

Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society
The National Society of Leadership and Success