JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am an enthusiastic, honest, dedicated and professional individual who has integrity and an ambition to succeed in any given environment.
Although I have extensive experience in the Medical Billing and Accounting industries, I also have experience in many other areas and I am
always up to a challenge whatever the situation. I work well with others, as well as on my own. I am seeking a career where I can develop and
excel while exceeding both personal and professional goals.

SKILLS
e Accounting operations professional ¢ Customer relations
¢ Financial reporting specialist e Analytical reasoning
* QuickBooks proficient e Exceptional organization
e Certified Billing / Coding Specialist e Strong in MS Access and Excel
¢ Strong communication skills e Physician billing
e Superior attention to detail e CMS-1500 billing forms
« Account reconciliation specialist e¢ HIPAA compliance
* Self-motivated professional © International Classification of Diseases (ICD.9CM)
e AR/AP ¢ Medical bill auditing
e Account reconciliation
Work History

01/2014 to Current Accountant
The Southern Company — Hudson, IL

¢ Maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.

e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

¢ Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures and reconciliations for multiple accounts
each month.

e Analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.

e Successfully implemented new technologies and process automation to encourage continuous improvement.

e Facilitated successful internal audits through thorough documentation and organization.

¢ Reconciled discrepancies between accounts receivable general ledger account and accounts receivable trial balance
account.

e Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.

e Balanced monthly general ledger accounts to accurately record cost and month end accruals.

e Supervised invoice processing, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos and payment transactions.

e Performed payroll for 100+ employees and 7 retail store locations

08/2010 to 11/2013 Accountant / Executive Assistant
GWG, LLC — City, STATE

e Supported management through risk identification, control testing and process improvement procedures.

e Analyzed and reviewed cost reports and communicated final results to suppliers.

¢ Reported internal control issues to management and supplied comprehensive recommendations to mitigate the
associated risks.

e Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.

e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

e Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.

¢ Created daily and weekly cash reports for accounting management.

e Reconciled vendor statements and handled payment complaints or discrepancies.

e Reviewed all expense reports for accuracy and proper expense disclosure.

e Managed the CEO’s complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated the pre-planning of
trips.

Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.

e Developed and maintained an alert system for upcoming deadlines on incoming requests and events.

2008 to 08/2010 Accountant / Medical Billing & Collections Supervisor
Linebarger, Goggan, Blair & Sampson, LLC. — City, STATE
e Supervised a medical collection team of 15 employees.
.
e Performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and
balance sheet reconciliations.
e Reviewed collection reports to determine the status of collections and the amounts of outstanding balances.
¢ Monitored payments due from clients and promptly contacted clients with past due payments.
© Coded and entered invoices each day into the in-house accounting software & third party clearing house.
e Introduced new and efficient accounting, financial and operational systems.
e Managed and responded to all correspondence and inquiries from customers and vendors.
e Increased profits by 69% by spearheading the Medical Collection Dept.

2005 to 11/2007 Accountant / Executive Assistant
Bio Veritas, Inc. — City, STATE

¢ Complete accounting, bookkeeping, company payroll and office management, for a Bio Medical Research firm.

e All aspects of office management including but not limited to, phones, fax, filing, emails, ordering of supplies,
customer service, etc.

e Accounting responsibilities included AP/AR, general ledger, and account reconciliation, financial reports, with a
special interest in research, "clean up", and organization.

e Ensured accurate documentation was kept to meet any/all legal requirements.

¢ Kept full minutes, within bylaw guidelines, of meetings and proposed policies and practices.

e Maintained corporate records and full filled any/all requirements of directors and officers, as well any other duties

that arose.
EpucaTIon
2013 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
University of Phoenix - Westminster, Co
Accounting

Medical Claims Billing / Coding Specialist At Home Professions, Ft. Collins, CO
¢ Certified Medical Billing / Coding Specialist

1997 High School Diploma
Jenks High School - Jenks. OK

SKILLS

account reconciliation, Accounting, administrative, AP. AR, bank reconciliation, Billing. bookkeeping. credit, Clients, customer service,
documentation, engineer, fax, filing, financial, financial analysis, general ledger, HR. insurance, invoicing, legal, managing, meetings, mail,
office, office management, Payroll. physics, policies, Coding, reception, reporting, Research, retail, sales, phones, phone, travel arrangements,
work flow