Robert Jobseeker

11411 Lake Arbor Way, Apt. 1017 * Mitcheltville, MD 20721 + (555) 555-5555

Highly talented and accomplished Accounting professional with extensive knowledge and experience

* Over If years of Finance / Accounting experience. * Adept at financial analysts and reporting.
© Farniliar woth accounting regulations and mandards + Experiesce with AP, AR, GL, and budgeting.
* Background in corporate and son-profit sectors. + Excellent verbeb'erimes coomnusieation skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Smithveaian Invitation, Wastiegion, DC 2003 ~ 2007
Controct Accountant

© Carry out reconciliation of mitipte hank accounts for Office of the Comproller.
© Review records frees 2002 to presets yo verify accuracy of new accounting software.

‘Time Life Ene., Alexandria, VA 1998 ~ 2003
Financial Analyst

© Prepared monthly accounting entries and performed financial analyses for telemarketing group's income
Statements Compded and delivered data form global offices to corporate headquarters tn New York
Carried ont quasterly reporting of fixed assets, third-party acquisitions, and miscellaneous expenses.
Assisted with preparation of budgets aed foeccasts up to $25 millsoe and subesitned to mate office,
Reduced aumber of reports by comolidatiag and combisiag information. Tracked docsemic Sued assets

The Earevia Foundation, Washington, DC 1995 ~ 1998
Senior Accountant (1999 ~ 1998)
© «Assisted Controller in preparing monthly financial statements, cactied oat monthly reconcikations of bank
accounts, and mairtained general ledger for non-peodit organisation with $10 millioe in anual funding.
© = Monstered cash flow, prepared required documentation to execute drawdowns on Federal Reserve Letter
of Credit, ensured cornpliance wath all fedeeal regulations,
of pesformance practices, Managed orparszation’s payrall,
© Previously beld position of Staff Accountant from 1992 — 1995.

DGA Laternational, Ine. Washington DC 1992 ~ 1993

Staff Accountant

© = Performed chassificanon, prepantion, processing. and posting of tewoices for $6 million ransponation

© =Recceciled monthly bank satements, reviewed aad approved all eravel-eelated advance requests,
Monitored expense reports and reanbursemert requests.

© Responsible for maintarong aff tine sheets ead carrying out billing of hours.

EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

BS in Accounting, North Carolina AAT State University, Greensboro, NC (1992)

Detecting and Coping with Hot Spots in Payroll

Revisions te Government Circulars: A123 and Al22

COMPUTER SKILLS
Windows, Word, Excel, WordPerfect, ADP, Pay America, MIP accounting system, PeopleSoft, Intemet