SUMMARY

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

EXPERIENCE

PROFESSIONAL
SKILLS

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated Senior Electrical Engineer with comprehensive knowledge of electrical engineering codes and
designs. In-depth understanding of analog and digital circuit designs. Excellent attention to detail and to work
efficiently and effectively on large projects. Highly organized and detailed collaborator with solid record of
accomplishment in meeting and exceeding business targets. Creative and dependable with excellent abilities
in coordinating activities between cross-functional teams. Sound knowledge of bid proposals and budget
projections.

MBA | Healthcare Administration 2016
Strayer University, Washington, DC

Ba helor of Science | International Business 2013
STRAYER UNIVERSITY, Austin, TX

Cé_tification | -TEFL -CTBE -CTEYL 2018
FAIRMONT STATE UNIVERSITY || ITTT International, ONLINE

ACCOUNTANT 03/2020 to CURRENT
Aristotle Capital Management, Lic | Newport Beach, TX

e Trained and guided new employees according to company standards and procedures.

e Performed electrical design analyses and tests for proposed systems and devices.

e Conducted tests on electrical systems and equipment and reported results.

e Calibrated and updated electrical systems to improve performance.

e Developed conceptual designs that consider module placement, conduit routing and inverter locations.

e Issued documents and drawings on time to minimize project lags and delays.

e Carried out sizing and calculations and verified to ensure designs were done properly by others on
team.

e Established project schedules and regular maintenance of project schedules.

e Oversaw production efforts to guarantee timely and budget-conscious completion.

e Discussed engineering projects and products with both clients and other engineers.

e Reviewed customer feedback to brainstorm ways to improve processes and products.

PROFESSOR OF BUSINESS MANAGEMENT 02/2020 to 03/2022
Loan Depot | Columbia, VA

e Evaluated and graded students' classwork, papers and assignments to assess course success and
student understanding of materials.

e Helped students understand topics by initiating and moderating classroom discussions.

e Met with students to understand educational desires, identify current issues and provide advice on
academic, career and vocational plans.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e Maintained scheduled office hours to assist business students.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Developed new programs to provide student access for community business internships.

PLOW TEACHER 10/2018 to 03/2020
Mattel | Mclean, TX

e Computer Science).

e Prepare and deliver rigorous, engaging, and project-based instruction to students in grades K-12 using
PLTW engineering curriculum.

e Counsel students to encourage and support student achievement and career planning.

e Monitor, supervise, coordinate and enforce rule of conduct and behavior of assigned students: and
reinforces positive student behaviors in accordance with school and District policy.

e Observe, evaluate, report and record students’ performance, behavior. social development, and
physical health.

e Prepare educational course outlines, objectives and materials according to curriculum guidelines or
state and local requirements.

e Present subject matter to students, using various teaching methods and technology, adjusting teaching
style and method to meet student learning style.

e Instruct students individually and in groups. using various teaching methods (e.g., lectures, technology.
discussions).

¢ Communicate with parents or guardians, teachers, counselors, and administrators to resolve students'
behavioral and academic problems; and coordinate instructional efforts.

LCN SPECIALIST 08/2076 to 04/2018
LIFETIME FITNESS | City, TX

e Performed day-to-day maintenance of loan applicant database.

e Created financial analysis reports of commercial real estate, borrowers' financial statements, lease
reviews and market research.

e Problems in an effort to resolve account delinquency and prevent losses.

e Evaluation applicants' financial status, credit and property evaluate to determine feasibility of granting
loan.

e Educated customers on variety of loan products and available credit options to promote valuable
decision-making.

e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.

e Improved profit margins by streamlining operations and workflow and negotiating competitive vendor
contracts.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Listened carefully to customer complaints and swiftly resolved issues by taking appropriate action.

ASOISTANT SALES MANAGER 01/2015 to 08/2016
Company Name | City, TX

e Demonstrate exemplary sales expertise by exceeded quarterly revenue and attainment goals through
passionate outreach and relationship selling.

e Nationally recognized as top performer finishing 7/1000 acct.

e Managers hitting 200% of on target earnings in July.

e FY2016 11-1(wins/loss) 7-1 current with a projection of over 120% this month.

e 12x MVP Award & Regional Recognition Award for highest unit quota achievement.

e Closed Net New Corporate Accounts through direct C-level relationships, prospecting. informative
evaluation, and proper alignment of all business professionals.

e Braun & Butler, Kenton Heinze, CEO.

e The Rockbridge Group, John Miller, CFO.

e Blizzard Entertainment, Dennis Hoff, Associate Manager Global Rewards Programs.

e Strong leadership, team-building, and coaching execution to the sales team so as to secure monthly
sales goals and support manager in all metric areas.

e Received 97% grading scale on recent 360 Degree Assessment Review.

-Critical Thinking -Documentation & timeline management
-Problem resolution -Verbal & writing communication
-Financial & tactical planner -Training methods & team building
-Budget forecasting expertise -Multi-tasking & detail-Oriented

-Management development

) -Honor Roll achievement of a scholastic average of 3.5 to 3.74 for Winter 2013

-Dean’s List achievement of a scholastic average of 4.00 for Spring Quarter 2015
-Dean’s List achievement of a scholastic average of 4.00 for Winter 2015

- MS Graduate with Honor Roll for the Fall Quarter 2016

-12x MVP Award & Regional Recognition Award for highest unit quota achievement
-Top# 2 Regional Recognition Award for Month of Nov. of 2015 From Lifetime
-Top#8 on Company Recognition Award for Month of March of 2016 From Lifetime