SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Personable Front Desk Medical Receptionist skilled at facilitating patient appointments. Delivers top-notch service and support and works
well under pressure. Expert in diffusing conflicts and solving patient or staff problems. Skilled administrative team member with in-depth
understanding of medical standards, compliance requirements and operational procedures. Practiced problem-solver with friendly and caring
mentality and excellent communication skills. Expertise in inventory management, customer service and inner-office operations.

SKILLS

e Audit Preparation
* Tax Return Filing
¢ GAAP Accounting

e Processing Checks and Invoices
e Accounting Software Systems
e Financial and Regulatory Consulting

« Accounting Policy and Control ¢ Relationship Building
« Accounting Procedures Validation ¢ Problem-Solving

e Stock Valuation

® Critical Thinking and Analysis

¢ Inventory Verification Jenzabar EX

¢ Decision Making
« Report Preparation

ArmylgnitED
Tungsten Network

¢ Effective and Professional Communication Al Portal

¢ Reliability and Integrity Improvement Workday

e Fixed Assets Management OneSite

¢ Personnel Recordkeeping Review Yardi

e Extravagance and Fraud Detection Block Works Tax Program

e Cash Analysis

Net Term Program

e Account Reconciliation seni Health Lytec 2005 Program
¢ Document Recordkeeping Oasis Programming

EXPERIENCE

01/2021 to Current

11/2018 to Current

ACCOUNTANT
Avient — Lockport, IL

e Ensures that a company receives payments for provided goods and services, keeps a record of these transactions
and resolves any discrepancies or missed payments

¢ Performs general bookkeeping duties, such as keeping accounting software logs updated, reconciling accounts,
making bank deposits, recording cash receipts and invoicing clients

e An accounts receivable specialist conducts other important tasks

e Receive incoming billing and invoicing-related mail. Answer clients” billing questions

e Keep management informed of any specific issues, Initiate collections on past-due accounts

e Maintain accounting ledgers accurately and according to best practices, handle all special billing situations

e Periodically audit ledgers to ensure accuracy of billing addresses and invoice numbers

e Encouraged team collaboration and motivated individual employees through positive reinforcement and technical
recognition.

e Managed communications with internal and external stakeholders.

e Supervised cashiers, support training and daily procedure's.

SENIOR TAX ANALYST
Zazzle — Fort Collins, CO

e Organize data applications to assist tax recipients in the preparation of current and past year’s taxes
e Assist with the preparation of IRS and State audits

e Calculate sales tax returns and depreciation for various tax reports

e Answer client queries regarding tax codes and appropriate deductions

e Accelerate and generate new business while supporting office and district priorities

e Hire and train new tax professionals

e Open and close office, balance cash drawer, prepare daily deposits and manage petty cash

e Examined accounting systems and records to determine appropriateness of methods and controls

© Collected taxes, monitored payment plans and imposed deadlines on delinquent taxpayers.

10/2017 to 05/2021 Professional Leasing Consultant

Goodwill Industries Of San Diego County — Otay Mesa, CA

¢ Prepared lease paperwork and obtained signatures and first payments from new residents.

¢ Promoted high level of customer service and assistance by greeting clients, responding to concerns, showing units
and quickly resolving issues.

¢ Led property tours to showcase amenities to prospective tenants and offered valuable information regarding major
features.

¢ Contacted and followed up with tenants on renewal notices.

e Encouraged prospective tenants to fill out applications after property tours.

e Conducted background checks on applicants.

¢ Detailed application requirements and answered questions from prospective tenants.

¢ Promoted property to businesses in local area through marketing collateral, phone calls and email messages.

e Maintained high customer approval rating through dynamic service, exemplary support and interpersonal
communication.

e Escalated critical issues to property manager to deliver immediate resolution.

¢ Marketed property to prospective tenants by giving tours and pointing out key features.

e Tracked leads using CRM software and followed up with interested parties.

e Received rent payments and tracked transactions in accounting software.

¢ Implemented online advertising and other marketing initiatives to generate interest from individuals and
businesses.

e Created and maintained newsletter to keep residents aware of upcoming events and activities.

© Coordinated maintenance and repair requests and contacted contractors for bid proposals.

* Used conflict resolution skills to quickly resolve issues among residents.

11/2013 to 11/2018 OFFICER MANAGER CSL

Rockford Construction — Birmingham, MI

¢ Organize data applications to assist tax recipients in the preparation of current and past year’s taxes.

e Created and implemented administrative processes and procedures to prioritize job tasks and establish personnel
responsibilities.

¢ Worked with management team to improve workflows and eliminate unnecessary tasks.

e Oversaw customer service and satisfaction initiatives, reporting to management on successful strategies.

e Analyzed and identified improvements to implement in department systems and controls.

e Trained employees on best practices and protocols while managing teams to maintain optimal productivity.

e Automated office operations for managing client correspondence, payment scheduling, record tracking and data
communications.

e Evaluated program performance against expectations.

¢ Communicated company philosophies and policies, demonstrated work routines and documented performance.

e Managed work requests, new orders, and pricing changes while coordinating logistics to verify delivery dates.

e Automated office operations, managing client correspondence, record tracking and data communications in
database and case management software.

e Pitched in to help with office tasks during busy periods and staff absences.

e Improved productivity initiatives, managing accounts, coordinating itinerary, and scheduling client appointments.

e Planned and executed successful corporate meetings, lunches and special events for large and small groups.

e Assist with the preparation of IRS and State audits.

e Calculate sales tax returns and depreciation for various tax reports.

e Answer client queries regarding tax codes and appropriate deductions

e Accelerate and generate new business while supporting office and district priorities.

e Hire and train new tax professionals.

© Open and close office, balance cash drawer, prepare daily deposits and manage petty cash.

12/2016 to 10/2017 ASSISTANT MANAGER

Icon Lakewood Apartment Homes — City, STATE

e Performing all Leasing Professional duties and responsibilities.

e Directed and led employees, supervising activities to drive productivity and efficiency.

© Mentored staff to enhance skills and achieve daily targets, using hands-on and motivational leadership.

¢ Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize group productivity.

© Collaborated with store manager to develop strategies for achieving sales and profit goals.

e Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.

e Achieving occupancy goals and leasing expectations of the property by utilizing various marketing methods and
programs.

e Ensuring a professional appearance and positive attitude.

* Conduct daily physical inspections of the property.

e Managing leads and follow up processes through Lease hawk.

e Assisting the Community Manager in implementing and maintaining a resident retention program.

¢ Post rent to rent roll tracking system.

e Assisting the Community Manager achieve delinquency standards weekly/monthly.

e Ensuring that personnel in all departments operate within OSHA and EPA standards as well as follow all Fair
Housing.

e Assisting the Community Manager in required reports are completed and submitted when due.

08/2016 to 08/2017 LEASING AGENT

Lakewood Hills Apartment — City, STATE

e Performing all Leasing Professional duties and responsibilities

e Chieving occupancy goals and leasing expectations of the property by utilizing various marketing methods and
programs

e Ensuring a professional appearance and positive attitude

¢ Conduct daily physical inspections of the property

e Anaging leads and follow up processes through Lease hawk

e Assisting the Community Manager in implementing and maintaining a resident retention program

e Post rent to rent roll tracking system

e Assisting the Community Manager achieve delinquency standards weekly/monthly

e Ensuring that personnel in all departments operate within OSHA and EPA standards as well as follow all Fair
Housing

e Assisting the Community Manager in required reports are completed and submitted when due.

06/2002 to 06/2005 Billing Clerk and Receptionist

Christ Health Primary Care Clinic — City, STATE

e Responsible for scheduling appointments.

¢ Determined new patients from established patients and disability patients.

¢ Verified missed appointments.

e Determined if patients are in chronic pain, have multiple medical problems or are currently taking multiple
medications.

e Determined if patient are taking narcotics for pain and ensure a physician prior to refilling their prescriptions see
them.

e Ensured patients are with the right doctor and no mix-ups occur.

e Ensure that the patient's follow-up is with their original doctor.

e Compile and verified accuracy of patient charts including patient history/physical, progress notes, lab results, X-
Ray/EKG., correspondence, immunizations and injections.

e Ensured patient’s registrations were completed and medical insurance information and HIPPA Law agreement has
been signed.

e Ensured charts are properly labeled.

e Maintained daily collection log ensuring that accounts were properly balanced along with moneybags and receipts
balance out.

e Keyed and researched Explanation of Benefits (EOB’S), super bills, phase sheets from hospital

¢ Created and distributed end of the month reports

¢ Verified patient insurance coverage, created financial plan according to treatment schedules for collections and
communicated between patient and billing company regarding health insurance.

e Assessed billing statements for correct diagnostic codes and identified problems with coding.

e Entered procedure codes, diagnosis codes and patient information into billing software to facilitate invoicing and
account management.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2012

05/2008

Bachelor of Science: ACCOUNTING
University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ

Associate of Arts: ACCOUNTING
Pulaski Technical College - North Little Rock, AR