JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seasoned Accountant Supervisor bringing more than 5 years of experience directing accounting systems for diverse business groups.
Industrious and cost-conscious with excellent project management abilities. Advanced understanding of Corporate Construction standards.

SKILLS

¢ Problem Solving

e Financial Statements Expertise

« Account Reconciliation e Closing Processes
« Document Recordkeeping e General Ledger Accounting Expertise

¢ Intuit QuickBooks
« Accounts Payable

e Intuit QuickBooks specialist
e Account reconciliation specialist

¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries ® QuickBooks expert
« Accounting Procedures Validation e Partnership accounting
¢ Financial Statements Review e Finance
¢ Critical Thinking and Analysis e Administrative support
* Microsoft Office © Schedule Management
« Accounting Software Systems e Budgeting
e Discrepancy Reconciliation e Financial Management
* Processing Checks and Invoices e MS Office Suite
e Invoice Coding Familiarity © Bookkeeping
e Excellent Managerial Techniques e Superior attention to detail
e Advanced Bookkeeping Skills ¢ Cash Flow analysis
e Account Reconciliation Processes

Work History

08/2019 to Current Accountant

Always Best Care — Hartland, WI

e Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

¢ Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.

© Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

© Utilized standard operating procedures, effective crew resource management, communication and procedures
specified in company operation manual.

¢ Introduced team contests and goals to enhance productivity and improve employee morale.

e Streamlined operations of multiple lines of business within organization.

e Built, managed and coached insourced and outsourced teams.

e Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

¢ Developed training, task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to employees.

e Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes,
employee knowledge and customer demands.

e Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.

¢ Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

e Revitalized operational structures and procedures to successfully control turnover and waste, enhance output and
boost overall quality.

e Audited and documented processes and procedures for new accounts department.

¢ Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

03/2018 to 07/2019 Accountant

Always Best Care — Hillsborough, NC

e Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

e Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.

e Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government departments.

¢ Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

e Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate forecasts.

* Monitored 8-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.

10/2016 to 01/2018 Car Saleswomen - Trade in Specialist

Doane University — Crete, NE

e Created trade marketing strategies to communicate strategies to Sales Team Managers.

¢ Met with members to understand goals and recommend solutions to fit specific needs.

¢ Developed and maintained strong knowledge of multiple products and varying levels of benefits within each
product.

e Greeted customers on lot and in showroom to answer questions about brand and available inventory.

¢ Met customers on lot and in showroom to discuss available vehicles and options.

¢ Followed-up on warm Internet leads and responded to customer questions about vehicle availability, price and
options while fielding inquiries from various marketing websites.

« Demonstrated automobiles by explaining characteristics, capabilities and features, taking test drives and explaining
warranties and services.

e Answered telephone and email inquiries from potential customers.

¢ Closed sales by overcoming objections, asking for sales, negotiating price and completing purchase contracts,

e Responded to customer enquiries via telephone and email.

03/2015 to 09/2016 Accounting Assistant

EpucaTIon

Bedrock Stone & Design — City, STATE

e Used accounting software to prepare weekly and monthly financial reports.

e Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account statement
each month.

e Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies.

e Reconciled company accounts for credit cards, employee expenses and commissions.

e Prepared itemized statements, bills or invoices and recorded amounts due for items purchased or services rendered.

e¢ Completed weekly check runs and maintained accounting ledgers by verifying and posting account transactions
into accounting system.

© Maintained clean and organized files by keeping accounts payable records up-to-date.

¢ Reported financial data and updated financial records in ledgers and journals.

e Communicated with suppliers to reconcile invoice payments.

¢ Directed clients to appropriate accountants, answered phone calls and replied to office emails for excellent
customer service.

e Maintained accurate and complete documentation for financial department procedures to facilitate new employee

e Supervised daily bookkeeping operations with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.

Bachelor of Science: Baking And Pastry Arts
The Art Institute of Houston - Austin Texas

06/2012

High School Diploma
Hutto High School - Hutto, TX