Jill Proctor | Commercial Finance

LOCALON: XXXXXKKXKX
Telephone: XXXXXxXxXxXxxx
Era): XXKXXKKKKX

Professional Profile

Commercially astute CPA certified Accountant, with over 15 years’ experience of providing comprehensive
high quality commercial finance and accounting support services to businesses across SE Asia, the Middle
East and Australia within Global Travel Retail, Management Consultancy, Commodities, Mining, Energy,
Financial Services and Telecommunications.

Utilising my expertise in finance and operational management | have been pivotal to ensuring businesses
under my control are equipped with the tools necessary to meet aggressive sales and growth plans. | am
expert al financial analysis, forecasting, excel modeling, pricing strategies, identifying new market opportunities
and implementing internal controls to ensure adherence to compliance whilst minimising business risk.

Core Skills

Commercial Finance Scenario Analysis Business

Business Strategies Forecasting Contract Negotiation

Operational Efficiency Risk Management Senior Stakeholder

Transformation Programs Ml/Statutory Management
Reporting

Career Summary

Mar 2016 — Nov 2016 XXXXXXXAXKK
Regional senior accountant (Contract)
Outline

Supported the Global Travel Retail arm with commercial/marketing financial analysis, financial reporting,
governance and compliance systems/process improvements. Direct reporting line to Head of Finance for
Global Travel Retail.

we Responsibilities
Frequent liaison with Country BDMs to analyse variances against budget and forecast and providing
expertise for business case development.
Consolidated and validated data for monthly/quarterly results to improve accuracy of information with
detailed supporting analysis fully aligned with brands and regions.

Key ere
Evaluated cost of goods sold across GTR Asia Pacific and the Middle East and major airports to
maximise ROI through improved gross margin.
Created and implemented SOPs for Procure to Pay processes which enabled the Global Travel
Retail Commercial team to more accurately manage and track a £18m Advertising and Promotion

budget.
Collaborated with the Asia Pacific Commercial Director to optimise control of a £8m Advertising and
promotion budget.

Aug 2012 — Dec 2015 HXXXAKKAAKAA AAR

Senior Financial Consultant
Outline
Provided consultancy specialising in enterprise transformation, across energy, mining and construction
industries. Direct reporting line to Consulting Manager (Asia).

Key Ri iiliti
¢ Implemented organisational/change management programs aligned with the business’ strategy
across geographically disparate locations.
e Gained buy-in from C-Level Executives on the overall vision.

Key Achievement/Projects
e Provided crucial financial and organisational expertise to the marketing and sales manager during
negotiations to secure a contract with Japan Gas Corporation (JGC) PETRONAS worth in excess of
$2m over 2 years.
Utilised the excellent relationship | developed with the PETRONAS project director to secure JMJ's

Page 1