JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of

accounting software and processes.

HIGHLIGHTS
e Financial statement analysis ¢ Complex problem solving
¢ Budget forecasting expertise e Financial planner
e Strong organizational skills e ADP Knowledge
e General ledger accounting e Great Plains familiarity
e Flexible team player e Lawson Financials knowledge

© PeopleSoft knowledge
e AS 400, SAGE MIP. & FAS 100 Knowledge

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

General Ledger Accounts
e Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and investment

transactions

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 01/2013 - Current
Waste Management — Dahlonega, GA
e Analyze all Prepaid expenses and record monthly expense
¢ Processed payroll entry and employee pay adjustments.
¢ Calculate and prepare Sales & uses for three states, prepare journal entry for sales & use taxes payable.
e Accruals of real estates taxes, & utility expense for 47 theater.

¢ Perform on Special projects for Controller:

Staff Accountant, 03/2009 - 03/2012
Four Seasons Hotels Inc — Las Vegas, NV
e Prepared and maintained accounting records and reports.
¢ Prepare and post monthly journal entries. Maintain and analyze month account analysis.
e Fixed assets special project — identified and deleted not useful assets in the Fixed Asset
¢ Prepared and verified cash deposit, applied funds to appropriate A/R customers, reconciled cash to General Ledger.
e Analyze all Prepaid expenses and record monthly expense
e Assisted the CFO with the production of the monthly financial, management reports and board packages.
¢ Prepare monthly balance sheet , income statement and bank reconciliations

e Prepare and create special financial excel worksheets for accounting use

Staff Accountant, 09/2005 - 05/2008
Four Seasons Hotels Inc — Hampshire, IL
e Assist with month-end closing process and prepare monthly reports.
* Responsible for General ledger analysis.
e Prepare general ledger journal entries, bank reconciliation and account reconciliation.
e Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation Entered weekly sales and customer sales for review
by controller.
¢ Processed journal entries, online transfers and payments.
¢ Balanced batch summary reports for verification and approval.Conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any
variances.Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.

Accounting Assistant (Consultant), 02/2005 - 06/2005
Gucci Group — City, STATE
e Reconcile daily and monthly bank statements
Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.
e Assist Controller monthly with account reconciliations, financial reports, and standard monthly journal entries.
e Prepare monthly Brand Reporting package for assigned brands
e Run month end reports for closing and distribute to appropriate personal.

Accounting Clerk (Consultant), 09/2004 - 03/2005
Tetra Tech Inc — City, STATE
e Prepared monthly general ledger account analysis.
e Prepared journal entries to distribute telephone cost and obtain P Cards statements from P card holders on monthly basis; prepared journal
entries to distribute cost accordingly to the purchase.

EDUCATION

BBA: Accounting, 12/2006
Berkeley College - New York, NY