Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and payroll management. Offering 2 years of experience handling
finances for 6 locations. Processed payroll, payables, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Currently working
towards obtaining Certified Managerial Accountant license.

Skills
¢ Payroll Management ¢ Verbal and Written Communication
e Accounting Records Analysis e Attention to Detail
¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries e Flexible and Adaptable
e Processing Invoices and payments. e Business Operations Analysis
e Financial Reporting e Cash Analysis
¢ Positive Team Player e Payroll Auditing
e Discrepancy Reconciliation e Judgement and Decision Making
e ERP Software (SAP) ¢ Problem Solving
Work History

Accountant , 11/2020 to Current
Aspirus — Antigo, WI
e Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate reports.
¢ Partnered with auditors on annual audits, internally and externally.
¢ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
¢ Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, cash and banking reconciliations.
¢ Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production operations and
general ledger.
¢ Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
¢ Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
¢ Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.
e Tracked financial progress by creating monthly, quarterly and yearly reports.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed financial statements.

Accounts Payable Clerk, 11/2019 to 11/2020
Continental Services — Jackson, MI
e Applied proper codes to invoices to keep records organized and easily searchable.
e Prepared vendor invoices and processed outgoing payments.
e Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies.
e Reviewed vendor invoices for appropriate documentation and validity prior to payment.
¢ Reconciled processed work by verifying entries and comparing system reports to balance numbers.
¢ Maintained good working relationships with vendors and resolved disputes.
¢ Maintained payable shared email inbox and digitized invoices for processing.
¢ Identified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed daily reports and analysis.
e Analyzed financial data derived from multiple reporting systems to develop recommendations for operational and performance
improvements.
e Assisted day staff by completing daily computer backups, virus checks and program updates.
¢ Used SAP and Excel to perform accurate financial analysis and audits to mitigate financial risks.
e¢ Computerized recordkeeping systems, initiating and maintaining financial accurate and current tracking in SAP.
e Reduced financial discrepancies, effectively reconciling bank accounts and organizing information into accounting software.

Customer Financial Services , 12/2013 to 11/2019
Verizon Wireless — City, STATE
¢ Reviewed collection reports to determine status of collections and amounts of outstanding balances.
e Handled C2B customers in fast-paced office setting in coordination with solid team of 15 customer service associates.
¢ Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and services and
creating welcoming, positive experiences.
e¢ Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.
¢ Communicated professionally with colleagues, freelancers and clients.
¢ Surpassed collection goals through implementation of effective collection strategies.
¢ Kept high average of performance evaluations.
e Performed day-to-day collections functions.
¢ Persistently reached out to customers with extremely past due accounts to recover lost revenue.
e Trained new collections representatives on collections processes and incentivized team members to achieve production goals.
¢ Negotiated with account holders to devise repayment plans and minimize collections receivables.
¢ Delivered exceptional customer service on collection calls and maintained calm and professional demeanor.
¢ Processed payments and applied to customer balances.
¢ Maintained high volume of calls and met demands of busy and productive group.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Accounting , 05/2020
College of Charleston - Charleston, SC

Associate of Science: Mathematics , 05/2015
Trident Technical College - North Charleston SC

High School Diploma: 06/2012
Cane Bay High School - Summerville, SC