Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Dynamic and highly motivated Accounting Bookkeeper with background in Real Estate, Food Industry and Wholesale Supply environments. Well-
organized and diligent about keeping records current, statements accurate and accounts reconciled for fully compliant tracking, reporting and
auditing of financial records. Professional with commitment to financial accountability and transparency. Proficient in MS Office, Adobe, and

accounting software. Solution-oriented with creative problem-solving skills.

Skills
® QuickBooks e Customer relations
e Adobe software proficiency ¢ Payroll liability and deductions
¢ Payroll administration & management e Account reconciliation
e A/P and A/R e Tech savvy

Experience

Accountant, 11/2020 to Current
Us Oncology, Inc. — Garland, TX
¢ Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function for parent company and § sister
companies.
e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.
¢ Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
e Managed payroll processing and changes for 60-90 employees.
e¢ Administered biweekly payroll to ensure accurate and timely employee compensation.
¢ Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.
e Prepared P&L reports and financial statements for review by management.
e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.

e Managed employee benefits and allowances.

Marketing Associate, 03/2016 to 10/2020
Education Realty Trust Inc. — Grand Terrace, CA
¢ Maintained all Assistant Office Manager responsibilities below and expanded focus in the Marketing Department.
¢ Delegated general office tasks to Sales Staff Assistant and maintained supervision to ensure tasks were completed in timely and
accurate manner.
e Aided, trained and supervised Sales Assistants with their marketing efforts via social media, email campaigns and postcard
media.
¢ Supported marketing team in developing promotional strategies and targeted campaigns.
¢ Monitored social media platforms and assessed engagement, reporting results to marketing management.
¢ Provided administrative support to marketing team members, fostering timely project completion.
e Oversaw marketing communications and enforced alignment with brand image and corporate style guide.
e Generated leads through drip marketing campaigns.
e Facilitated growth and increased brand awareness by working with sales team to build and maintain key business relationships.
¢ Wrote fresh, engaging marketing copy to grab attention of target consumers and promote sales.
e Analyzed current buying trends and competitor acquisition tactics.
¢ Contributed to successful email marketing campaign resulting in significant increase in overall click-through rates.
e Gathered competitor data, analyzing pricing, product sales and marketing strategies.
¢ Devised data collection processes and procedures, including surveys, polls and questionnaires.
¢ Produced marketing graphics that were attractive and high-quality using Adobe Creative Suite.

¢ Worked as part of 3-person team to develop innovative branded marketing collateral for use by sales team.

Assistant Office Manager, 03/2010 to 02/2016
Ryman Healthcare — Melbourne, FL
¢ Maintained clean and presentable front office for maximum appeal to customers and potential clients.
¢ Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.
¢ Set up and maintained physical and electronic filing systems to maintain organizational efficiency.
e Created agendas, meeting notes and other documents to enhance collaborative process.
e Managed and controlled office supply inventory to secure timely ordering or requisition of depleted or low-level stock.
e Trained administrative team to support corporate growth and objectives.
¢ Distributed memos and updates to apprise departments and divisions of corporate objectives and developments.
¢ Automated office operations to manage client correspondence, record tracking and data communications.

e Guided administrative and professional staff through computer and software problems.

Office Manager, 01/1997 to 06/1999
Chase Brass — Carol Stream, IL
¢ Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.
¢ Trained and mentored administrative staff members in company policies, daily task execution and industry best practices.
¢ Managed office budget to handle inventory, postage and vendor services.
e Processed invoices and checks, and maintained daily cash logs and deposits.
¢ Reviewed transactions, issued checks and updated ledgers and budgets.
e Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.
¢ Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.
¢ Transitioned physical bookkeeping records to computerized records utilizing QuickBooks.
¢ Handled AP, ledger, reconciliation and statement requirements to maintain records accuracy, integrity and compliance.
¢ Gathered data and uncovered fraud and embezzlement during routine payroll preparation procedures.

Education and Training
Real Estate License: Real Estate, 03/2014
JY Monk - Wilmington, NC

Bachelor of Science: Accounting, 2007
University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ

Associate of Arts: Accounting, 2001
College of DuPage - Glen Ellyn, IL

Certifications

¢ Licensed Realtor - 2014 to present
¢ NC Notary Public - 2016 to present