John Doe

Accountant
Burnside Heights, HU = 7+ Yrs Exp.

+36 2563987452
accountant@example.com

Summary

Certified Accountant in account reconciliations, streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly motivated
professional with a proven track record of delivering accurate reports and high quality service. Possess a comprehensive
understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning. A dedicated leader with the ability to lead effective

teams in attaining profit improvement.

Professional Experience

Accountant
Huntington Associates - Minchinbury, UM | Jul 2017-Sep 2019

e Oversaw the management of all company accounts.

e Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial
transactions.

e Managed accounting teams and ensured that all accounting records
were complete and accurate.

ina comprehensive way.

financial matters.

Working closely with junior staff members while aiding them in the
progression of their careers.

Staff Accountant

Dubone Partnership - Minchinbury, UM | Nov 2012 - Sep 2016

e Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues.
e Projected future trends based on analysis work.

e Managed complex expense reporting.

e Develop strategies for minimizing tax liability.

e Work closely with auditors during all audit processes.

e Performed financial risk assessments for all future business projects.

e Organized sales and profit reports.

e Prepare, review, and submit crucial budget plans for company goals.

Accounting Records Manager
PepsiCo - Minchinbury, UM | Oct 2011 - Oct 2012

Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance department

Remained professional and discreet when handling sensitive or private

Key Skills

Interpersonal Skills

Management

Recruiting

Leadership

Self Integration

Integrity

Certifications

Certified Public Accountant
(CPA)
PwC, Mar 2012

Certified Management
Accountant (CMA)
Deloitte, Mar 2019

Achievements

Perform diversified duties
Sep 2011

Redesigned and implemented more
effective and timely procedures for