JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e 15+ years of experience in accountant and administrator

e Experience in organizing, directing, managing, implementing policies and controls for the best development of activities.
¢ Knowledge in analysis and interpretation of financial statements.

¢ Able to lead and motivate a team.

e Ability to work and communicate with management and employees.

e Ease of working with numbers and every thing related to mathematics

SKILLS
e Teamwork e Responsible
¢ Leadership © Work Ethic
¢ Critical Thinking ¢ Collaboration
¢ Strong written and oral communication e Work under stress
e Adaptability * Discipline
* Organization e Analytics
¢ Problem-Solving e Systems Analysis
¢ Self Motivation e Clerical Knowledge
« Computers skills ¢ Mathematical and deductive reasoning
« Loyal e Active Learning
Work History

02/2016 to Current Accountant
A Helping Hand Homecare — Wichita, KS

e Manage and coordinate with feed managers all ingredients of the ration for feeding the cows of the six dairies.

e Program each of the ingredients used in the relationship to feed the cows at each dairy.

© I deal directly with suppliers by submitting ingredient schedule for the relationship here at the dairy and I keep
track of each ingredient that arrives at the dairy on schedule.

e Leader and teamwork with the people who are on the scale of each dairy.

e Track received scheduled uploads with proper follow-up

e Inventory control of the warehouses of each dairy

¢ Complete management of the EZ weights program in which we control the loads that arrive at the dairies

¢ I solve all the problems related to programming and erroneous loads as well as doubts that people who are on the
scales have regarding the loads and how to enter them into the ez weights system

e Use of Word and Excel in the preparation of reports and programming of the ingredients of the ration

09/2014 to 12/2015 Principal and Teacher
A Helping Hand Homecare — La Jolla, CA

e Preparation of reports of teachers and progress of each module, upload the grades of all students to the system.

e Participate in meetings, debates on the topics related to the subjects with the directors of the telebachilleratos,
meeting with the teachers about the different ways of teaching classes and the topics to be developed according to
the curriculum.

e Prepare classes and tests on mathematics and ethics and values, implement alternatives for students to understand
and understand the importance of mathematics in everyday life.

e Find strategies for the development of math exercises to facilitate learning in each of the students, ensure that each
of the mathematical activities was of interest to them so that students can solve the exercises without complications
and motivate students to continue with studies for self-improvement.

12/2008 to 08/2014 Accountant and Administrator
Grupo Mas Ambiental Proyectos Y Construcciones — City, STATE

¢ Bequeath to represent the company in legal, judicial, labor matters. Personnel hiring, direct dealings with clients
and suppliers. Carry out procedures: before the state and federal treasury, registry of contractors, and other
procedures.

e Analyze the different quotes from suppliers and choose the correct one for the benefit of the company and the final
work of each construction.

e Create a rigorous control for expenses, because the company had excessive expenses that were not necessary at
times.

e Ireduced operating expenses by 30% per month.

¢ Prepare an internal control of the company as well as internal regulations for workers.

¢ I corrected the accounting for 2008 and 2009 with accounting records, balance sheet, income statement for each of
the months as well as the support with an invoice for each of the expenses incurred.

e Preparation of payroll of workers on a weekly basis as well as payment. Opening of branches in the State of
Michoacan and Guanajuato, legal and state procedures and related to the operation of the branches.

08/2008 to 11/2008 Accountant
Esparza Despacho Contable — City
e Audit the company Grupo Mas Ambiental Proyectos y Construcciones, $.A de C_V, carefully review each
accounting record with the supporting documents of each expense and income that is squared with the account
statements.
¢ Did all the accounting for fiscal year 2007. (Make accounting records of policies manually and in parcels, bank
reconciliations, depreciations, trial balance, financial statements.)

01/2005 to 07/2008 I Started as an Accountant
Caja Solidaria "Esfuerzo Campeche", S.C — City, STATE

e Accounting activities: carry out accounting, declarations, paperwork, payroll calculation and payments.

¢ Prepare balance and income statement on a monthly basis analyzing each of the expenses and verify with the bank
account statements.

¢ Make the annual tax declaration and preparation of the annual financial reports. Main functions as general
manager: represent the company, deal directly with the partners, hold ordinary and extraordinary assemblies,
annual plenary assembly, prepare and present a report on the activities of the board of directors and management.

e Interview and hiring of personnel, assignment of activities, supervision, teamwork.

e Analysis and authorize credit applications, reliability to grant loans of higher amounts as well as the corresponding
guarantees.

e Analyze and authorize the loans of 420 partners, verify the guarantees that meet the requirement for the loans to be
retumable.

e Prepare interest calculations for loans and keep track of the due dates of each loan.

¢ Follow up on accounts receivable before payments are due. Implement collection strategies for overdue loans that
already had more than 365 days past due, managed to recover 70% of those uncollectible accounts.

e Together with the Board of Directors we managed to add more than 100 partners.

e We increased the equity of the company with all the interest that was recovered from overdue loans and current
loans, with the new partners that we added to the company.

EpucaTIon
10/2014 Master in Taxes - Accounting

Instituto De Especializacién Para Ejecutivos - Merida, Yucatan MX
08/2009 Bachelor of Accountancy: Accounting

Instituto Tecnologico De Chetumal (Mexico) - Mexico
e Completed professional development in Accounting
e Cedula Prefesional: 6288599