JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Intelligent Accountant with strong GAAP knowledge and data analysis expertise. Commended for successfully directing the Accounting team
and maintaining timely operations in challenging environments. Results-oriented leader possessing first-rate process management skills to
complete tasks within budget and on time.

Motivational leader and organizational problem-solver with advanced supervisory, team building and customer service skills. Experience
stepping into roles and quickly making positive changes to drive company success. Focused on using training, monitoring and morale-building

techniques to maximize employee engagement and performance.

SKILLS

e GAAP Accounting e GL Reconciliation
e Tax Return Filing e Payment Processing
e Financial Statements Review e Invoice Preparation
e Accounting Software Systems e Spreadsheet Updating
e Accounting Records Analysis © Microsoft Word Proficiency
e Payroll Management e Tax Accounting
¢ Document Recordkeeping e Individual Returns Preparation
« Accounts Payable e Tax Form Completion
e Account Reconciliation ¢ Detail-Oriented
* Regulatory Compliance ¢ Decision Making
¢ Collections and Invoice Processing e Small Business Tax Returns
* QuickBooks e Time Management
e Attention to Detail © Problem Solving
e Bank Reconciliation

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 11/2021 - 04/2022
Axos Bank — Omaha, NE
e Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and cash inflows.
© Verified documented and requested disbursements to facilitate payments.
¢ Checked figures, postings and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy and proper codes.
* Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
¢ Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate trmely payments and reduce outstanding accounts receivable.
e Received payments from customers via cash, check and credit cards to pay company invoices.
¢ Prepared weekly payroll for team of salaried and hourly employees.

Manager, 07/2021 - 04/2022

First Watch Restaurants — Clarksville, IN
¢ Determined marketing strategies by reviewing operating and financial statements and departmental sales records.
e Entered time and attendance logs in preparation for payroll.
e Led team meetings and one-on-one coaching sessions to continuously improve performance.

e Exercised good judgment and decision-making in escalating concerns and resolving issues.

Manager, 08/2020 - 05/2021
First Watch Restaurants — Georgetown, KY
e Analyzed information and assessed liabilities and deductions according to relevant tax code.
© Produced minimum of 20 tax returns weekly to boost firms' filing process.
e Assisted small businesses and individual clients with filling out tax forms and electronically filing tax returns.
¢ Reduced errors associated with missed tax benefits by completing comprehensive reviews of internal tax preparation documents.
e Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles.
e Assigned tasks to associates to fit skill levels and maximize team performance.
¢ Monitored daily banking transactions.

Call Center Representative, 02/2019 - 01/2020
Rustoleum — Riverside, CA
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
e Answered incoming calls and provided highest level of professionalism and knowledgeable service to every customer.
¢ Documented customer correspondence in CRM to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Maintained strong call control and quickly worked through scripts to address problems.

Accounting Procurement, 01/2018 - 02/2019
The Travelers Companies — Windsor, CT
* Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
¢ Prepared weekly payroll for team of salaried and hourly employees.
e Received payments from customers via cash, check and credit cards to pay company invoices.
¢ Coordinated timely payments from vendors, clients and account holders.
e Managed physical and digital files. monitored spreadsheets and updated reports to coordinate project materials.
e Answered phone calls and emails to provide information, resulting in effective business correspondence.

Customer Service Specialist, 01/2016 - 01/2018
TUN Northwest — City, STATE
e Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.
e Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions.
e Returned books to circulation by placing on proper shelves.
e Answered patrons’ questions and assisted in finding materials requested.
e Facilitated payment of invoices for interlibrary loan charges and fees.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
MBA: Business Administration, 03/2023

Indiana University Northwest - Gary, IN

Business And Economics Post- Baccalaureate: Accounting, 06/2021
Indiana University Northwest - Gary, IN

Bachelor of Science: Information Technology Accounting, 06/2018
Indiana University Northwest - Gary, IN

Associate of Science: Accounting, 06/2013
North Seattle Community College - Seattle. WA

Associate of Science: Business Administration, 06/2010
North Seattle Community College - Seattle. WA