Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Accomplished accounting professional with six years of experience in general ledger accounting, journal entry preparation, month
and year-end closing, audit preparation and balance sheet reconciliations. Thoroughly detail-oriented with strong team member and
collaboration skills.

Skills
¢ Software e Team player
¢ Excel ¢ General ledger
e Account reconciliation e General ledger entries
e Accrual e Account reconciliation
¢ Bank reconciliation ¢ General ledger accounting
¢ Detail- oriented e Financial analysis

Experience

Accountant, 05/2019 to Current
Andritz — Oldsmar, FL
¢ Daily check banking information to see if there are any invoices to enter and request HR to provide any invoices that are not
available.
e Make sure there are no duplicate invoices posted and make sure all monthly invoices are posted in timely manner so that
vendors are paid in a timely manner.
e Prepare AR Aging/Suspense/OCA monthly report.
¢ Run depreciation monthly and maintain the asset listing.
e Prepare cash flow management report weekly.
¢ Contributing to the development of annual budget.
e Prepare monthly prepaid Amortization Schedule before proposing monthly journal entry and enter prepaid entry.
¢ Prepare monthly accrual worksheet and prepare accrual journal entry.
¢ Reconcile prepaid and accrual expense balance sheet accounts by maintaining spreadsheets.
¢ Reconcile cash accounts: checking, savings and payroll.
e Support Finance manager for YE audit.
e Support Finance Manager for ad hoc projects and reconciliation Accomplishments:.
e Major contribution in establishing open AR aging reporting process with limited direction.
¢ Major contribution in maintaining SG&A accruals, prepaid and cash account reconciliation.

¢ Created a more efficient way to reconcile cash accounts.

Staff Accountant, 10/2018 to 05/2019
Suburban Propane — Kill Devil Hills, NC
e Prepares general ledger entries by maintaining excel files.
¢ Maintains fixed asset system, which includes preparation of journal entries, reconciliation of general ledger to fixed asset system
and preparation of fixed asset rollforward.
¢ Prepare and file tax returns, state and property tax.
¢ Perform monthly and quarterly balance sheet reconciliations.
e Prepare and review financials for small subsidiary companies.
e Analyze balance sheet and income statement accounts and correct any errors.
¢ Prepare intercompany reconciliations monthly and research any discrepancies.
¢ Followed monthly closing checklist in a timely manner.
e Prepare documentation for external auditors Accomplishments:.
* Took on senior accountant role while the senior accountant was on medical leave.

e Played a pivotal role in creating and maintaining the balance sheet reconciliations.

Staff Accountant, 10/2017 to 10/2018
Suburban Propane — Kissimmee, FL
¢ Performed mid-level general ledger account reconciliations and report, identify and correct errors made by internal personnel.
e Prepared accruals for leases, utilities and temp labor by maintaining spreadsheet.
¢ Calculated and filed monthly state tax returns.
¢ Prepared monthly rent wires for multiple locations and reviewed lease contracts to determine the monthly rent amount.
¢ Maintained prepaid amortization schedule and created monthly journal entry.
¢ Support timely monthly, quarterly and year-end financial close, including assigned journal entries, balance sheet account
reconciliations, accruals and overall maintenance of assigned accounts.
e Entered in financial information into system to prepare financial statements and reviewed for accuracy.

¢ Assisted in the yearly external audit.

AR Specialist, 09/2014 to 10/2017
Toyoda Gosei North America Corporation — Perryville, MO
e Promoted 04/2016.
e Records cash receipts and responsible for bank reconciliation.
e Prepare monthly sales tax returns for Controller signature and coordinate payment with AP.
¢ Reconciliation of all cash accounts on a monthly basis and create intercompany journal entries.
¢ Process Amex bill including accounting for PO's for items prepaid on Amex.
e Review customer card balances on a monthly basis and process transactions as necessary to correct out of balance accounts.
¢ Coordinate collection efforts on delinquent accounts including interface with 3rd party collection agency and report results on a
quarterly basis.
e Reconcile employee purchases.
¢ Balance intercompany accounts on a monthly basis.
e Prepare cash transfers between companies, wire transfers and bank deposits.
¢ Maintain petty cash Accomplishments:.
e Promoted from AR Specialist to staff accountant in little over a year.
¢ Several pay raises within two years due to excellent performance by being attentive to detail, learning new tasks quickly and

efficiently Praised for being a team player during difficult situations.
Education and Training

Bachelor of Business Administration: Management and Accounting, 2014
University of Michigan - Flint, MI

Accomplishments

At Midori Auto Leather:
¢ Major contribution in establishing open AR aging reporting process with limited direction
¢ Major contribution in maintaining SG&A accruals, prepaid and cash account reconciliation
e Created a more efficient way to reconcile cash accounts
At Shinsho:
¢ Took on senior accountant role while the senior accountant was on medical leave
¢ Played a pivotal role in creating and maintaining the balance sheet reconciliations
At US-Mattress:
¢ Promoted from AR Specialist to staff accountant in little over a year
¢ Several pay raises within two years due to excellent performance by being attentive to detail, learning new tasks quickly and
efficiently
¢ Praised for being a team player during difficult situations