Your NAME

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I have many years of experience in accounting and finance including: audit, financial analysis, bank reconciliations, accounts payables/
receivables. financial statements, month and year end reporting, and budgeting

HiGHLicHtTs

MS Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, and Excel (Advanced),
Creative Solutions, QuickBooks, Fedielio (Hotels), Sales Tax Express,
and other proprietary accounting software

*Over 18 years of experience in accounting and finance including:
audit, financial analysis, bank reconciliations, accounts payables’
receivables. financial statements, month and year end reporting, and
budgeting

EXPERIENCE

06/2013 to Present Accountant
The Southern Company — Gainesville, GA

e Responsible for all accounting processes for 45 clients Perform end-of-period closing processes; prepare financial
statements, and budgets.

* Reconcile bank statements, ledger entries and journal entries.

e Balance sheet account analysis and Profit and loss account and review them Prepare and analyze financial
statements and other various reports.

e Collection functions for accounts receivables & payables.

e Assist in budget and forecast preparation.

e Ability to manage multiple projects, priorities, deadlines and budgets.

e Working with others on Team to complete client service tasks timely and accurately.

e Review general ledger and make all correcting journal entries Support month-end and year-end close process
including reconciliation of ledger account Complete and submit food and sales tax license documentation for small
businesses.

01/2008 to 02/2013 Accountant
The Southern Company — Houston

e Performed bookkeeping, end-of-period closing process, prepared financial statements, and budgets.

¢ Managed company financial systems and budget and organized and maintained accurateaccounting records.

e Prepared company accounts and tax returns for audit.

¢ Prepare monthly department allocations and related journal entries, as needed Prepare and publish timely monthly
financial statements and supporting reports Plans and supervises the work of an accounting unit engaged in the
maintenance of Complex accounting.

e records and other activities related to payments of and invoices Support month-end and year-end close process
including reconciliation of ledger account.

e Evaluates job performance and monitors and adjusts work load assignments to meet organizational deadlines.

2000 to 2007 Accounting Manager
Jbs Usa — Beardstown

e Journal Entries including maintenance of recurring journal entries and allocations.

e Account reconciliation and analysis: Prepaid Expenses, Deposits, Accrued Expenses, Investments, Capital Leases,
Members Equity, Inter-company balances.

¢ Journal Entries including maintenance of recurring journal entries and allocations.

e Management and supervision of general accounting, intercompany accounting, and payroll accounting personnel
including assigned supervisors, senior accountants and staff accountants as well as external resources utilized for
projects on an as needed basis.

e Report on breakeven points by products.

e Report on margins by product and division.

¢ Planning and collecting data to determine costs of business activity such as raw material purchases, inventory and
labor.

¢ Calculating the job orders.

1996 to 2000 Staff Accountant Finance manager
Sheraton Hotel Iraq — City
e Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.
e Prepares working papers and coordinate all audit activity Provide guidance of all accounting processes including
billing, A/R, A/P, GL.
e Fixed Assets and Revenue/Expense recognition Controller the daily banking requirements.
¢ Supports budget and forecasting activities.
e Provide training to new and existing staff as needed.

EpucaTIon
Summer 2016 Anticipate Degree: Accounting
Master in Accountancy - Troy, MI
GPA: GPA: 3.48
GPA: 3.48
June1998 Bachelor of AccountancyAl TurathUniversityIraq
July 2010 Bachelor of Accountancy Degree
Evaluation Stockholm University Sweden
April 2011 Certificate of Business AdministrationSvenskaboérsrumInstituteSweden
Master of Accountancy

Walsh College - Troy, MI

LANGUAGES

Strong communication skills including fluency in English, Arabic, and Swedish
SKILLS

Account reconciliation, accounting, general accounting, accounting software, accounts payables, accounts receivables, A’P, Arabic, Balance
sheet, bank reconciliations, banking, billing, bookkeeping, budgeting, budgets, budget, closing, Strong communication skills, Controller,
client, clients, documentation, English, Equity, finance, financial, financial analysis, analyze financial statements, financial statements,
prepare financial statements, Fixed Assets, forecasting, general ledger, GL, inventory, Investments, ledger, market, Access, Excel, Outlook,
PowerPoint, MS Word, monitors, organizational, payables, payroll, personnel, problem solving, processes, Profit, Profit and loss account,
Public Accounting, Express, QuickBooks, reporting, Sales, supervision, Swedish, Tax, tax returns, year-end