SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Proficient accounting professional offering 20+ years of Accounting experience. Well-versed in updating and standardizing controls,
refocusing teams and streamlining procedures to increase efficiency and reduce errors in accounting files. Expert Quickbooks, PeopleSoft and
SAP user. Results-oriented Accounting with 20+ years of experience in accounting, monthly closing, and timely-related settings. Quick and
eager learner with acute attention to detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quality, accuracy, and

efficiency.

SKILLS
e Account reconciliation expert e Accounts payable
e A’/P and A/R e Payroll management
« Accounting and bookkeeping e Adobe software proficiency
« Account reconciliation e Financial Management
* QuickBooks * Year-end close
e General ledger accounting © Budgeting
* Strategic planning e General ledger entries
e Reporting e Payroll administration
¢ Customer relations

EXPERIENCE

12/2018 to 07/2020 Accountant

American Electric Power — New Albany, OH

e Tracked and managed expenditures of $11,000.00 annually.

e Supported budget administration with detailed expense analyses and report reviews.

e Established complete accounting structures, processes and controls to meet business requirements.

¢ Secured staff payment traceability, accurately calculating deductions while preparing and processing payroll via
APS.

e Kept financial records for Event operations representing more than $10,000.00 in yearly revenue.

e Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.

e Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions, including A/P and A/R tracking, budgeting, payroll
transactions, wage allocation, salary expenses, online donations and bank, credit card and petty cash
reconciliations.

e Maintained accurate accounts for cash, fixed assets and other transactions.

e Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

e Assisted CFO with month-end and year-end close activities, including annual reporting.

07/2016 to 12/2018 Billing Department Supervisor

10/2013 to 03/2015

01/2009 to 10/2013

Ppg Industries, Inc. — Everett, WA

e Liaised with customers, addressed inquiries, handled meeting requests and answer billing questions to provide
outstanding customer care.

¢ Performed billing, collection and reporting functions for Billing office generating over $40,000,000.00 annually.

e Trained 10 employees on best practices and protocol while managing teams to maintain optimal productivity.

¢ Monitored financial bookkeeping for accuracy and compliance, resolving identified discrepancies.

e Mentored new employees on Billing and Corrections and delivered constructive feedback to increase understanding
of job duties.

© Optimized personnel coverage, preparing work schedules based on staff availability and forecasted demands.

© Coordinated office activities and operations to secure efficiency and compliance with company policies.

e Automated office operations to manage client correspondence, record tracking and data communications.

© Defined and documented office procedures, using updated SOPs to provide thorough and comprehensive training
for all administrative support staff.

e Managed daily operations within Billing office by supporting continuous delivery of excellent services and care.

e Improved operational efficiencies, managing work requests, new orders, pricing and changes while coordinating
logistics to verify delivery dates.

e Automated office operations, managing client correspondence, payment scheduling, record tracking and data
communications.

e Evaluated employee job performance and motivated staff to improve productivity.

Inventory Analyst
John Deere — Fargo, ND

¢ Helped business meet customer demands by working with procurement team to optimize inventory levels.
e Oversaw daily inventory cycle counts and resolved any discrepancies.

© Optimized shipping and receiving strategies with cost-effective methods, carriers and routes.

© Utilized Rumba to organize and maintain shipment records.

Merchandising Accounts Payable Specialist
RadioShack Corp. — City, STATE

¢ Worked closely with department personnel to produce accurate and timely bills.

e Analyzed invoice and expense reports, identified variances and researched issues to correct problems and maintain
financial compliance.

e Prepared and updated vendor files, including tax and insurance information.

© Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

¢ Problem-solved accounts payable questions on behalf of internal team members, management and vendors.

e Reconciled monthly statements and transactions to keep records accurate and current.

e Assisted with month-end and year-end closings to support accounting system accuracy.

e Managed over 45 accounts worth over $15,000,000.00 with accuracy in PeopleSoft.

e Managed bookkeeping and accounting systems and completed data entry with accuracy and efficiency.

e Processed and reconciled 400+ purchase parts, raw materials, and freight invoices weekly.

e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.

e Assisted managing leaders to identify and eliminate non-value added tasks.

e Reduced financial discrepancies by accurately processing invoices and journal entries.

e Liaised with vendors and customers to confirm information and address client issues.

e Assessed data and information to check entries, calculations and billing codes for accuracy.

e Handled high-volume invoice processing for Inventory operation.

e Addressed month-end closing functions for detailed reporting.

e Verified vendor accounts by reviewing documentation, rectifying issues and contacting accountholders.

e Performed day-to-day financial transactions, including verifying, classifying. computing, posting and recording
accounts payable data and reconciled daily totals to confirm proper accounting.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Tarrant County College - Fort Worth

05/1989

High School Diploma
Haltom High School - Haltom City