Advanced Excel skills

PROFESSIONAL

Fluent in German,
Franch & Spanith

Maxine Curry
Dayjod Led
Te ke hg
B15 GNF

T: 0121 638 0026
MM; 0121 638 0026

E infoidayjob.com
Driving license: Yer

Maxine Curry

Accountant
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A fully qualified Accountant who has a number of years experience in the fields of
willingness to take on financial leadership and is certain to be a key member of any
financial team that she joins. She is ambitious by nature and keen to get to the top of
her profession. One of her greatest strengths is her ability to prioritize workloads to
meet challenging deadlimes. On a personal level she has the ability to build
Telationships in a muln-cultural environment and across various offices. Right now she
wants to join a company who are keen to add an intelligent and enthusiastic individual
to their finance deparment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

ACCOUNTANT Jun 2013 — Present

Responsible for the full range of financial reporting carried out within all the various
departments within the campany

Duties:

of the company.

@ Implementing necessary changes required in finance operations across the company.
@ Taking the lead role m all financial planning activities.

@ Preparing monthly P&L and Balance Sheet reporting including commentary on all
material variances.

@ Having regular interactions with senior financial officers across the company.

@ Providing expert top level accounting advice to work colleazues.

@ Ensuring that all accountings records comply with company and statutory

requirements.

Company name - Location
JOB TITLE Employment dates (.e Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

@ Fully qualified through accreditation via a recognised accountancy body.

@ Ad-hoc financial modelling and analysis.

§ Conversant with financial software packages.

@ Achieving finance objectives by having a flexible but goal-orientated approach.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Accountant

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008

A levels:
Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)

REFERENCES — Available on request