JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Innovative accounting professional proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational
changes. Organized and efficient, learning new accounting procedures, software and methods quickly. Team-oriented Accountant adept at

creating clear and comprehensive financial reports to present to senior management/owners/board of directors.

Work History

10/2005 to 03/2016 Accountant
Aircell — Chicago
¢ Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.
* Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.
e Processed payroll, tax and benefit reporting
e Compiled financial reports pertaining to cash receipts, expenditures and profit and loss.
¢ Generate state and federal tax returns

03/2007 to 05/2013 Director of Operations
Oshkosh Corp. — Madison, WI
e Managed full life cycle of accounting through financial statements
e Managed all client contracts and details for billing:maintained relationships and timelines.
e Analyzed contract performance for bids, budgets and forecasts.
e Maintained up-to-date account distribution information.

¢ Conducted ongoing reviews of all program financial systems to achieve current financial data.

¢ Maintained compliance with GAAP and company requirements.
¢ Sourced qualified vendors.negotiated and maintained contracts.

¢ Modified a comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.
e Wrote proposals and maintained accounting for government contracts and grants: FAR reporting

2000 to 09/2005 Senior Accountant
Brookfield Properties - Development — Los Angeles, CA

e Acted as clients "Controller". Handling monthly, quarterly, and annual clients just as an in-house Controller would.

Avg. 25-35 monthly clients, plus quarterly and annual clients

e Drafted and reviewed financial statement compilations and all tax returns (local, state and federal). Write-up

through Federal tax return.
e Was assigned the most challenging clients

e Performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and

balance sheet reconciliations.
e Reconstructed accounting records from clients checks and cash receipts.
e Responsible for ALL clients payroll and related taxes returns for the Firm.
¢ Proactively researched technical tax issues related to clients needs.

e Installed and trained clients on QuickBooks and/or Creative Solutions accounting systems for clients to reflect

accurate financial records. Responsible for all Firms client software support.

SKILLS
¢ QuickBooks User/Pro Advisor- 1997-2016 e Accounting operations professional
e MS Office Suite © Cost accounting/project management/subcontract control
¢ Creative Solutions: Checkbook thru federal tax e Superior attention to detail
« TB Solution e Fiscal budget preparation/analysis
e T-Value e Internal auditing and external audit preparation
¢ Turbo Tax Pro e General Ledger Account reconciliation specialist
« PAC Construction Management e Working knowledge of GAAP
« MS Dynamics (Solomon) e All aspects of payroll and benefits - Multi-state payroll, including
e POS Systems, CC Systems, Micros, Squirrel tax liabilities, union specs, 401(k) administration and reporting,
¢ Payroll processing in all of the applicable modules above, Cafeteria plans, Human Resources.
including manual, ADP and Paychex e Administered company loans, lines of credit and letters of credit.

« Country Club Systems Software
e Experienced Manager, coach and mentor to accounting staff

EpucaTIon

1997-2016 Certified QuickBooks Pro Advisor/User
Intuit - Online QuickBooks coursework

Continuing Education

W.S.C.P.A. - Bellevue, WA
¢ Continuing education on the Major Changes in Accounting Standards
e Annual Federal tax professional updates

Tax Preparation Course
H&R Tax Course - Issaquah, WA
Accounting Services Professional Certificate of Completion

Certification: Leadership
Dale Carnegie Leadership Course - Bellevue, WA

Continuing Education
Bellevue/Green River/Highline Community Colleges - Seattle Area
Continuing education in accounting, computer science. and human resources

High School Diploma
Auburn Senior High - Auburn, WA