JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Goal-focused Accountant with 10+ years experience maintaining accurate accounting information for the organizations. As part of financial
team, engage in diverse financial functions, not limited to day-to-day operations, and work closely with every level of management to record
of accurate reporting and budget management. Also, play a role of a liaison between Japanese and the U_S. organization.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CPA candidate ( FAR and REG sections passed - currently expired)

EA candidate
SKILLS
e Experienced in General Accounting (Japan GAAP and US e Proficient in MS office Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
GAAP) e Fluent in Japanese and English
e Experienced in Budgeting and Financial Analysis ¢ Responsible, Multi-tasker, and Quick learner

¢ Highly motivated in self-improvement
¢ Good communication skills

Worx History

06/2019 to Current Accountant
Alliance For Positive Health — Glens Falls, NY
Accounts Receivable
e Issue invoice, payment application, issue monthly statement, and reconcile General ledger to Sub-ledger.
¢ Follow up with customers for overdue balance.
Accounts Payable
e Create AP vouchers, ensuring 2 way match(recetving to invoice) and 3 way match(PO, receiving to invoice) have
been completed.
¢ Communicate with responsible department or suppliers for any discrepancy.
Cashflow
© Create cashflow weekly and report to Accounting Manager for weekly borrowing, including maintaining short-
term and long-term borrowing schedule.
Monthly Closing / Quarter End Reporting
¢ Follow the monthly closing schedule to ensure the closing will be completed in timely manner. Assigned areas are
Sales, AR, Prepaid, Bank transactions including Bank Reconciliation, Credit Card transactions, and accrual entries.
e Prepare and assist Quarter end reporting, including intercompany AR/AP matching, Borrowing details, GL details,
and PL/BS analysis.
e Prepare and assist Quarter end audit documents.
Budgeting / Monthly forecasting
e Involved in Budget preparation; compile all departments budget provided, analyze, keep track of all the changes,
and submit to Japan headquarter upon management approval, including BS and CF preparation.
¢ Prepare monthly forecast by collaborating with Sr. Managers for any update to be made compared to the budget.
e Participate in monthly management meeting with Japan headquarter to report monthly result, including preparation
of presentation materials.
Internal Audit
e Coordinate, prepare and review internal audit documents to be submitted to Japan headquarter.
© Coordinate, prepare and review J-Sox testing documents to be submitted to external auditors.

02/2018 to 04/2019 Business Advisory Service Staff
Alliance For Positive Health — Hudson. NY
e Advise, provide, and review monthly bookkeeping to support the company’s clients as a Business Advisory Staff.
e Support tax return preparation for corporations and individuals.
e Support gross up calculation for expats and payroll process.
¢ Support Japanese clients by translating documents and communications.

02/2013 to 08/2017 Accountant
Alliance For Positive Health — Albany, NY
Accounts Receivable

e Sales transactions posting, issue invoice, and perform cash and promissory note receipts application in ERP system.

e Maintain AR aging and follow up any overdue balance with customers.

¢ Perform credit check for new customers.

Accounts Payable

e Create AP vouchers for vendor invoice and travel reimbursement.

e Maintain supplier master data.

e Lead Concur (T&E solution) implementation project; create employee master data, verify account code setting, and
perform employee training.

Fixed Assets

e Record new purchase and disposal, and perform reconciliation monthly.

e Execute physical Fixed Assets count every year.

e Prepare and file depreciable asset tax return every year.

Outsourcing Project

e Engage to Finance work outsourcing project in the area of AR, AP. and Fixed Assets.

e 6 months of preparation and on-going daily outsourcing operation required me to work closely with the team in
China by explaining process flow, creating manual, training on-site and off-site, problem solving, and maintaining
efficiency of process.

e Participate in quarterly outsourcing meeting to ensure all operations are working smoothly and minimizing errors.

Monthly / Quarterly / Year-end closing

e Based on closing checklist, work with outsourcing team in China to ensure all closing tasks have been completed
with no errors by confirming all entries made by China team.

e Create journal entries for hedge transactions, intercompany recharge transactions, payroll entries, monthly accruals,
and expense allocation.

e Perform Bank Reconciliation, Inventory Reconciliation, and Fixed Asset Reconciliation.

e Provide Quarter-end and Year-end schedule required by the U.S headquarter.

e Support tax return and consumption tax return.

01/2010 to 01/2013 Accountant
Biomet 3i Japan — City, STATE

e 1+ year of engagement in Oracle implementation project and contribution to understanding of operating process
flow, preparation of customer master data, AR balance data, and customization of customer related documents.

e Issue monthly invoice, process credit card payments, and apply cash receipts.

e Maintain AR aging, including sending dunning letters and making phone calls to customers. Perform AR
reconciliation monthly.

e Prepare and arrange all payments; outside vendors, intercompany, employee disbursements, and withholding tax
payments.

¢ Perform Bank Reconciliation.

¢ Prepare and file statement of withholding tax payment at year end.

EpucatTIon
05/2008 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
University of Nevada - Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV
05/2003 Associate of Applied Science: Office Administration
College of Southern Nevada - Las Vegas, NV
LANGUAGES

Japanese: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: