JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
« Account reconciliation specialist e Annual reports
¢ Intuit QuickBooks specialist © Continuing education
« Financial modeling capability e Report writing
* Calculating Liabilities e Financial statements expertise
« Account Reconciliation Processes e Business operations
e Financial Statements Expertise ¢ Communications
« Closing Processes e Customer service
¢ General Ledger Accounting Expertise © Supervision
e Tax Law Understanding e MS Office
¢ Cash Flow analysis e« Team management
« Accounting operations professional ® QuickBooks
* Statutory Reporting * Recordkeeping
« Finance e Financial Reporting
* QuickBooks expert e Account Reconciliation
e Financial reporting specialist e Balance Sheets
« MS Office Suite e Accounting Systems
¢ Fiscal budgeting knowledge e Bank Reconciliation
¢ Self-motivated professional © Budgeting
« Bookkeeping e Analytical reasoning
e Superior attention to detail e Exceptional organization
e Partnership accounting e Customer-oriented
e Financial Management e Budgets
e Financial records review ® Invoice Coding Familiarity
« Accounting principles e Data Trending Knowledge
e [Type] law understanding e Corporate Tax Planning Knowledge
e Profits and losses tracking e Advanced Bookkeeping Skills
Work HisTory

Accountant, 01/2013 - 02/2020
Amentum — Kalaeloa, HI
¢ Monitored, verified and approved invoices and reviewed balances using financial software to assess balance sheet for variances.
e Eliminated discrepancies in finances by expertly documenting expenses, monitoring income, handling bank deposits and managing
statements.
e Applied proper codes to invoices, files and receipts to keep records organized and easily searchable.
e Maintained account accuracy by reviewing and reconciling checks monthly.
e Entered financial information and payments to guarantee accurate and on-time payments for employees and vendors.
e Maintained and processed invoices, deposits and money logs.
e Established QuickBooks accounting system to reflect accurate financial records.
¢ Organized and carried out efficient month-end, quarterly and year-end processes.
e Tracked business revenue and costs with Quickbooks, diligently reconciling accounts to maintain high accuracy.
¢ Used Quickbooks to complete payroll for ten employees and took detailed records of procedures.
e Analyzed figures, postings and documents to maintain accounting program accuracy.
e Reviewed and processed employee expense reports and vendor invoices for payment.
e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for ten employees.
e Reviewed and processed employee expense reports and vendor invoices for payment.
e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for ten employees.
¢ Prepared and filed federal and state tax forms.

Auditor, 06/2007 - 02/2011
Broadridge — Louisville, KY
e Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.
e Performed strategic planning, execution and finalization of audits.
¢ Completed audit papers by thoroughly documenting audit tests and findings.
e Gathered and analyzed financial data to determine improvement efforts.
¢ Complied with federal, state and local requirements.
e Maintained professional knowledge by attending [Number] [Type] and [Type] workshops annually.
e Ensured compliance with established internal procedures by examining reports, processes, and documentation.
e Identified management control weaknesses and provided value added suggestions for remediation.
e Interviewed business owners, explained audit scope and conducted exit interviews of audit findings.

Controller, 11/1996 - 06/2007
Aristotle Capital Management, Llc — Los Angeles, CA
¢ Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
* Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and
banking reconciliations.
e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.
e Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books.
¢ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual 1095 forms.
¢ Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.
e Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
* Collected and arranged financial information and entered details into [Software] financial management system.
e Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
e Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.
¢ Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
e Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.

EDUCATION

BBA: Accounting, 08/1991
Baylor University - Waco, TX

CERTIFICATIONS

© Certified Public Accountant