JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Organized Accountant with 5 years of managing accurate accounting information, financial report support, bookkeeping and corporate
operations. Astute financial professional with keen eye for detail and high level of integrity. . Familiar with managing schedules, directing
teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in ledger updates and report writing. Exceptional

interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities. Works well in large teams in corporate environments

SKILLS
« Financial Statements and projections e Inventory Verification, Assessment and Fixed Asset Management
e File Maintenance, Journal Entry Preparation e Stock Valuation and Document Recordkeeping
¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries e General Ledger and Intuit QuickBooks
e Personnel Recordkeeping Review and Cash Analysis
Work History

08/2020 to Current Accountant
Bd (Becton, Dickinson And Company) — Michigan: Detroit, MI

e Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

¢ Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

¢ Completed daily cash functions like account tracking. payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and cash
and banking reconciliations.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.

e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

e Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software
proficiencies.

¢ Documents financial transactions by entering account information.
* Recommends financial actions by analyzing accounting options.
* Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures.
* Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information.
* Prepares payments by verifying documentation and requesting disbursements.
* Prepares special financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends.

09/2018 to 05/2020 Administrative Officer
Department Of Labor — San Antonio, TX
e Managed files and records for clients and adhered to safety procedures to prevent breaches and data misuse.
e Oversaw office inventory activities by ordering and requisitions and stocking and shipment receiving.
e Supervised and guided new employees and responded quickly to questions to improve understanding of job
responsibilities.
e Prepared reports to assist business leaders with key decision making and strategic operational planning.
e © Manage office supplies stock and place orders
* Prepare regular reports on expenses and office budgets
* Maintain and update company databases
* Organize filing system for important and confidential company documents
* Answer queries by employees and clients
* Update office policies as needed
* Maintain company calendar and schedule appointments
* Book meeting rooms as required
* Distribute and store correspondence (e.g., letters, emails and packages)
* Prepare reports and presentations with statistical data, as assigned

07/2016 to 03/2018 Account Officer
Redeem Christain Church (RCCG) NGO - City, STATE

e Built and strengthened relationships with new and existing accounts to drive revenue growth.

e Prospected new clientele through networking, cold calling, canvassing and referrals.

e Strengthened customer relationships with proactive and collaborative approach to managing needs.

e Reviewed accounts monthly to monitor and track customer satisfaction and complaints.

¢ Contacted customers as issues arose to provide prompt resolutions.

e Identified client business needs by gaining understanding of goals, objectives and processes.

¢ Negotiated sales deals between customers and agency, resulting in mutually beneficial agreements and cultivated
relationships.

e Responded to requests for information and resolved issues quickly.

e Secured high-value accounts through consultative selling, effective customer solutions and promoting compelling
business opportunities.

e Drove growth in [Area] by implementing operational process improvements

EpucaTIon

02/2021 MBA: Business Administration And Management
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

11/2020 Associate of Science: ACCOUNTING
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

06/2012 Bachelor of Science: ACCOUNTING AND FINANCE
LAGOS STATE UNIVERSITY - NIGERIA

AFFILIATIONS

e American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

LANGUAGES

English:
Negotiated: