JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Bilingual (English-Spanish) Accounting professional and business-oriented team player with proven track record working in multiple industries.
A high achiever with a strong performance record contributing to organizational success. A creative risk taker and change agent with
demonstrated talent and expertise in the following areas: General business knowledge Account Reconciliation Financial reporting Passion for
numbers Analytical skills Accounts Receivable Cash Posting Time management Communication skills

SKILLS

¢ People skills ¢ Month End Close
e Accounting Software e Account reconciliation expert
e Accounts payable and receivable e GAAP Accounting
e Financial Statements e General ledger entries
e Financial Reporting e Full-cycle accounting
* General Ledger e Analytical research
e Joumal Entries e Year-end close
e Balance Sheet

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 08/2019 - Current
Alliance For Positive Health — Hudson, NY
* Reconciles daily 4.000+ bank transactions through Kyriba System and records manually the exceptions transactions for the GL mapping
tules that are not set up in the system.
e Verifies accuracy of entered data in Oracle and adjusts necessary items to reconcile cash.
* Reconciles 100+ bank accounts and records checks, ACH and cash receipts.
¢ Performs month-end close procedure, including preparation of journal entries by day 3 of closing for tax, leases, new acquisitions, non
customer lockbox, P&L and specials accounts
¢ Reconciles GL accounts and investigate and resolves discrepancies adding supporting documentation and maintaining accurate account
balances.
¢ Collaborates extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes providing the requested documentation.
e Reviewes and reconciles discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.
¢ Identifies process inefficiencies and recommended improvements.

* Reduces closing time for monthly and quarterly close by implementing new consolidation procedures.

Staff Accountant, 02/2018 - 08/2019
Nidec Motors — Rancho Cordova, CA
e Performed general ledger account and bank statement reconciliation for local and international clients.
e Prepared journal entries and financial statements, creating and maintaining periodic reporting, maintaining fixed asset system.
e Reconciled the cash accounts and general operating accounts and entered the cash journals into the General Ledger.
e Assist with the month-end closing process, conducting research and making correction journal entries for account discrepancies.
¢ Prepared closing journal entries, accrual entries, and Assisted the accounting team preparing financial statements.
e Processed by-weekly employee's travel and expenses reports and created journal entries.
e Assisted with Sarbanes-Oxley documentation following the proper processes.
e Prepared Month-end journal entries for International clients based on the current exchange rate and converted it to the local currency.
¢ Kept track of accruals and recorded the income and expenses when transactions were completed.

* Reconciled accrual accounts and followed up on any discrepancies during the month.

Accounts Receivable Coordinator, 04/2015 - 02/2018

Collaborative Solutions — Saint Louis, MO

- Applied funds received via wire, ACH and checks to customer receipts into QAD MFG/Pro.

- Was responsible for properly approving cash discount to customers that paid within the credit terms.

- Prioritized schedule weekly to contact clients via phone and emailed to collect over 5 days’ open invoices to minimize bad debt expense.
- Reviewed sales orders credit hold and releases base on credit limit and past due invoice which has financial impact on Revenue Recognition
and receivables.

- Recommended delinquent Key accounts for bad debt write-offs on a monthly basis

- Resolved invalid or unauthorized deductions and followed up on, shortages, damaged, pricing issues, rebates and chargebacks.

- Resolved EDI issues by following up with customer and EDI administrator to ensure invoices are paid within the credit terms.

- Emailed customers copy of open item statement and copy of daily invoices ensure timely payment.

- Worked with international accounts.

- Researched and acted on cash application on all open credits older than 30 days on a weekly basis.

- Met quarterly individual and team goals for the aging portfolio accounts greater than 60 days past due.

- Reviewed and resolves all outstanding account client issues.

- Reconciled GL monthly entries and assists with related special projects, as required.

- Responsible for updating unapplied taking log report on a weekly basis.

- Assisted in developing and maintaining procedures to ensure efficient administration of pricing rebates and credit documentation.

- Entered data information for the 100 pieces return analysis.

Cash Posting Specialist, 01/2013 - 09/2014
Concentra — Flagstaff, AZ
* Processed timely all cash/check payments into the TIVA system.
e Assisted uploading cash files daily to bank and TIVA systems.
e Assisted Accounting Manager with any special projects.
« Audited accounts ensuring the correct disbursements of payments, allocations and contractual budgets.
¢ Processed adjustments, payment modifications and transfers where appropriate.
¢ Performed reports provided by other departments and provided feedback regarding posting issues.
¢ Processed updated client’s data regarding refunds and/or credit balances.
e Prepared payment batches for future research.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelors of Business Administration: International Business and Trade, 01/2019
Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL

Associates of Arts: Accounting, 01/2012
Broward College - Davie, FL

Associates of Arts: Marketing, 01/2015
CENSA - Medellin
Regularly attend continuing education courses to stay current with changing regulations

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

FAU Accounting Students Association
WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES
© wwwilinkedin.com/in/arod09
LANGUAGES

Spanish: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: