JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Detail-oriented Account Assistant knowledgeable about \Manufaturing . whole sale and retail Compnaies practices and clerical support needs.
Focused on offering first-rate administrative assistance to facilitate smooth department operations. Experienced Account Assistant offering for
7 years of experience in Manufacturing Company. Driven to provide efficient, accurate and high-quality support. Adept at managing budgets,
payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions diligently. Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and
working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts. Goal-focused Accountant with record of
accurate reporting and budget management. Offering [Number] years of experience handling all finances for [Number] locations, including
payroll, budgets, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Motivated Account Assistant trained in [Area] and [Area]. Highly
effective at project coordination, inventory control and documentation. Ready to leverage [Industry] experience and enthusiasm to support
business needs at [Company Name].

SKILLS
e Guest services ¢ Loss prevention
¢ Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
« Merchandising expertise ¢ Product promotions
Work HisToRy

Accountant, 08/2012 - 06/2019
Toll Brothers — Porter Ranch. CA
e Managed, tracked and monitored financial updates, watch lists and insurance files.
e Tracked various statistics and kept detailed records to support human resources department.
e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.
e Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
¢ Completed daily accounting tasks including tracking funds, preparing deposits and reconciling accounts.
¢ Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and
banking reconciliations with 100% accuracy.
e Analyzed budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.
e Maintained and processed invoices, deposits and money logs.
¢ Followed up with customers to collect funds.
¢ Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for employees.
¢ Worked with management at project level to achieve expense plans.
e Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
e Enhanced audit controls by improving planning and testing processes.
¢ Diminished outstanding debts by analyzing accounts for issues.
e Handle VAT-TAX, FNPF-Social security benefits, PAYE-W2 Tax
¢ Provided journal entries and performed accounting on accrual basis.
e Improved efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance practices and increase customer

retention.

Senior Finance Officer , 03/2005 - 07/2012
Idp — Manila, AR
¢ Boosted branch sales by developing and deepening customer loyalty through incentive programs.
¢ Consulted with representatives of regulatory agencies to complete accurate filings and uphold strict compliance.
e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information to prevent mishandling of data and potential breaches.
e Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques.
© Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks and implementing processes.
e Liaising with programming suppliers and providing reporting on a monthly subscriber numbers per contract requirement.
e Supervision of Financial Accounting and Accounts receivables teams to ensure that all duties and responsibilities of the finance
department are carried out in most efficient, accurate and timely manner.
e Responsible for maintaining good working relationship with other departments.
e Ensuring all revenue generated is recorded accurately and received within the term specified.

Branch Supervisor, 03/2000 - 10/2003
Abnb Federal Credit Union — Suffolk, VA
* Motivated, trained and disciplined employees to meet performance benchmarks.
e Trained and directed new hires during department orientations.
e Directed workflow of the team responsible for the performance of multi skilled functions and processes to maximize revenue and
customer satisfaction, while providing an outstanding level of customer service.
¢ Researched, handled, and discussed customer and staff concerns.
¢ Performed audits, reconciled transactions and completed all Administration and Accounting functions at the branch, and provided
feedback to System office.
e Adapted to constant changes, while providing operational and technical support to the team and region.
¢ Trained staff on new software programs when needed.

EDUCATION

Associate of Science: Accounting, 12/1999
Fiji Institute of Technology (Fiji Islands) - Suva City