JESSE KENDALL

FORENSIC ACCOUNTANT * LOSS PREVENTION AUDITOR

Talented accounting professional with more than 19 year of experience providing bookkeeping and accounting
services as an in-house and 4 contracted resource. Accomplished auditor proven at recreating critical tax, transaction,
and account records after years of neglect. Focused and incisive account manager able to apply expert knowledge of
GAAP best peuctices to completing high workload wolumes in fast-paced environments. Leader effective enforcing
records und transaction accountability with functional managers. Relationship manager adept at facilitating strong
working relutionships with vendors, clients, internal staff, and business owners, Proficient in MS Office programs,

ABC PROTECTION CORPORATION, Augusta, GA 20xx to Present

Forensic Accountant: Manage the financial well-being of a firm specializmg in the sales and installation of lightning
protection devices. Oversee all AP/AR/GL and payroll processes. Generate monthly and quarterly closings m collaboration
with contracted accounting staff Prepare W-2 und 1099 paperwork. Compile mw data and develop monthly/quarterly
periodic reparting used for management deceions and regulatory compliance. Develop and file monthly sales and payroll
taxes, Administer the purchase and sales order process, meluding variance resolution, credit processing, and back orders,
Improved the processing of monthly financials by applying best practices that reduced turnaround from 30 to 14 days.

©  Recesagned the sabes and purchase order processes, resulting in an amproved audit trail, Eleninated duplicate transaction
Processing while reducing error nates.

BCD Securtry, Augusta, GA 20xx to 20nx

Forensic Accountant: Asssted in the creation of divisional accounts payable office following relocation from
Pennsylvania. Orchestrated timely and accunite completion of assigned invoices, Delivered taining to field representatives
on proper A/P procedures, Entered dat pertaining to expense and capital labor invoices from assigned inventory,
Maintained complete Accounts Payable Oracle data. Explored and resolved vendor invoice issucs and problems. Conferred
with accounts payable personne! to ensure effective mtendepartmental communscations.

Accelerated development of newly hired accounts payable coonfinators by delivermg training.

Recognized on five oocastons for outstanding customer service and auditing abilities.

Redessgned division's monthly newsletter by capttaluzing on improvement opportunities, conceptualizing kvyout, and
editing content.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Admunistrahon, Accounting Minor * XYZ Universmy, Augusta, GA + 20xx
Associates of Arts Degree * XYZ University, Augusta, GA * 20xx