JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive
attitude. Also an ambitious, career-focused candidate seeking to maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing
interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.

SKILLS
e Sexual assault victim advocacy e Customer service
¢ Domestic Violence Advocacy e Excellent work ethic
¢ Critical thinking ¢ Good listening skills
¢ Conflict resolution
Work HIsTory

Domestic Violence Advocate, 01/2021 - Current

Nashua, New Hampshire — Nashua, NH
e Assessed cognitive abilities and physical and emotional needs of clients to determine appropriate interventions.
¢ Obtained and supplied information to coordinating agencies to provide best possible guidance to clients.

e Secured housing, medical care and employment for clients by collaborating with various community agencies.

Sales Representative, 07/2020 - Current
U.S. Venture — West Allis, WI
¢ Helped resolve client problems quickly with superior customer service.
¢ Reached out to customers after completed sales to evaluate satisfaction and determine immediate service requirements.
e Initiated sales strategies by recruiting new clients through approved methods.
e Drove team revenue totals by bringing in top sales numbers.
e Fostered relationships with customers using account management skills to bolster future sales opportunities.
e Tailored sales approaches and techniques to specific client needs to increase marketing effectiveness.
* Contacted customers and prospects to generate new business to achieve company growth goals.
¢ Communicated with customers to understand needs and recommend appropriate solutions.

Paraprofessional, 05/2018 - 06/2020
Bdo — Owings Mills, MD
e Relieved classroom teacher during breaks and maintained order and structure in classroom.
e Oversaw students in classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules and support lead teacher.
¢ Prepared reports and paperwork for parent-teacher conferences.
¢ Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ Kept classrooms clean, neat and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.
* Monitored students on field trips, handling roll call and group movement to keep youths safe in public settings.
e Instructed small groups of students in basic concepts such as alphabet, shapes and color recognition.
e Graded tests and papers and recorded grades for teaching staff.
¢ Prepared instruction materials, including making copies, constructing bulletin boards and setting up work areas.
¢ Implemented practice exercises and used repetition, enabling students to grasp new concepts quickly.
® Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive learning outcomes.
e Maintained head count and attendance sheets.

Call Center Supervisor, 03/2016 - 05/2018
Colorado Springs Utilities — Colorado Springs, CO
e Oversaw employee performance to foster accurate prioritization and achievement of sales and productivity goals.
* Monitored call quality and provided individual constructive feedback to enhance performance and address areas in need of improvement.
e Established and oversaw performance targets for call center associates.
e Assessed personnel performance and implemented incentives and team-building events to boost morale.
e Increased efficiency and productivity through effective staff training regarding customer service protocols and call resolution techniques.
¢ Prepared reports to assist business leaders with key decision making and strategic operational planning.
¢ Reduced personnel turnover by developing and implementing performance evaluations to support corrective action planning.
e Improved organizational efficiency by effectively recruiting new hires and supporting management with personnel decisions.
e Trained team members on performance metrics and consumer behavior identification.
¢ Minimized workflow issues by cross-training staff on technical procedures, protocols and customer service practices.
e Managed personnel, including scheduling for agents and product specialists to foster increased productivity.

e Supervised 30 agents in providing excellent customer service to callers requiring assistance for customer service and retention issues.

Customer Service Associate, 03/2015 - 05/2017
Anthem, Inc. — Greensburg, IN
e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns.
e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.
e Energized and motivated in performing sales floor activities including merchandising and selling.
e Demonstrated items to customers and created customer awareness, interest and sales.

e Improved customer satisfaction ratings by addressing issues and fostering timely resolution.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Human Services, 06/2021
Saint Leo University - Saint Leo, FL