PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hardworking Advocate working diligently on behalf of clients to obtain necessary assistance. Skilled in
coordinating files and resources to meet routine and complex needs. Effective under pressure and in stressful
situations. Support day-to-day program operations with expertise in records management and resource
coordination. Skillfully meet diverse needs and address issues to maintain efficiency and program outreach.
Demonstrated success in building long-lasting relationships. Caring and skilled peer recovery specialist
passionate about positively impacting programs and helping participants by providing expert support. Familiar
with substance abuse disorder/ domestic violence/ sexual assault and crisis intervention and always looking
for ways to improve operations and personalize assistance. Well-organized and resourceful with detail-
oriented and conscientious approach.

| served as a volunteer Guardian ad Litem and worked closely with court system on behalf of the children,

| am the author of the book "No One Would Listen" | am the voice for individuals who are victims of domestic
violence, sexual assault, drug addiction. | am the voice of the one's who lost their lives and most of all | am the
voice for the children.

e Behavioral Management Planning « Community Advocacy
e Microsoft Access e« Coping Techniques
« Implementing Client Care Plans e Client Screening
« Client Home Visits e« Behavioral Disorders
« Client Needs Assessments ¢ Community Outreach Programs
« Client and Family Interviews e Youth Advocacy
« Active Listening « Admissions Processes
« Collaboration and Teamwork e Behavioral Intervention
e Verbal and Written Communication e Mental Health Crisis Response
e« Maintaining Client Records e Discharge Planning
e Agency Service Requirements e Microsoft Office
« Client Intakes e¢ Client Advocacy
« Data Confidentiality e Crisis Intervention
e« Scheduling and Appointment Setting e Youth Programming
« Medical Records Review e Group and Individual Counseling
e Written and Verbal Communication e Life Skills Development
e« Supportive Counseling Techniques e De Escalation Tactics
« Community Mental Health Programs e Behavior Support
e« Safety and Risk Assessments e Behavioral Skills Development
© ADVOCATE 11/2021 to CURRENT

Maricopa County, Arizona | Mesa, AZ

e Worked effectively with fellow team members to coordinate effective solutions to any question or
concern.

e Supported individuals with legal, physical or mental health concerns in dealing with routine needs and
complex problems.

e Organized supporting documentation for individuals under evaluation and coordinated paperwork
transfers to correct staff members.

e Onboarded and monitored program participants and guided each through entry-level stages.

e Intakes for domestic violence victims

PEOR RECOVERY SPECIALIST 12/2021 to 10/2022
Brandywine Counseling | Wilmington, DE

e Provided emergency response in crisis situations to diffuse tensions and prevent violence.

e Provided comprehensive case management services, created treatment plans and connected clients
and families to appropriate resources.

e Displayed sensitivity to cultural and linguistic needs of clients and families served.

e Developed goal-oriented psychoeducational and activity therapy groups to improve clients' level of
functioning.

e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

e Assisted with my clientele needs

ML_D TECH/LIFE ENRICHMENT COORDINATOR 04/2017 to 09/2019
Capital Vacations | Lawrenceville, GA

e Increased resident socialization through implementation of wide range of fun, educational and family-
oriented activities.

e Collaborated closely with residents, using effective communication to better understand favorite
activities.

e Coordinated holiday decorating of facility, garnering help of residents and volunteer staff.

e Planned zoo trips, shopping excursions and religious worship opportunities for residents.

e Provided one-on-one programs and activities for residents unable to participate in group settings.

e Scheduled educational activities, faculty lectures and departmental events to drive mission and values
of institution.

Mi NAGER 07/2014 to 09/2018
Dunkin Donuts & Baskin Robbins | City, STATE

« Accomplished multiple tasks within established timeframes.

« Onboarded new employees with training and new hire documentation.

« Cross-trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance.

e« Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members.

e« Adjusted job assignments and schedules fo keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in

processes, employee knowledge and customer demands.
« Applied customer feedback to develop process improvements and support long-term business needs.
« Evaluated employees' strengths and assigned tasks based upon experience and training.

Bachelor of Arts | Psychology 02/2022
Southern New Hampshire University, Hooksett, NH

Hig School Diploma 11/2000
Hardcour Learning Dir, Scranton, PA