JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Meticulous in Customer
Service representative with 5 years of experience in customer service industry. Fantastic attention to detail, collaboration skills and typing
ability. Committed to streamlining organizational procedures to optimize office settings.

SKILLS
¢ Detail-Oriented e Critical Thinking
¢ Problem Solving e Customer Service
« Time Management Computer Proficiency

e Verbal and Written Communication

Worx History

03/2021 to Current ALA Member Advocate
Bridger Steel — Crowley, LA

* Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.

e Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-up.

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

* Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.

e Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

¢ Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

e Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create effective solutions.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend
appropriate solutions.

e Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.

¢ Manage several customers daily and calls per day to meet members needs regarding their policies which increase
customer satisfactions

07/2018 to 02/2020 Customer Service Representative
Pennymac — Cornelius, NC
¢ Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.
e Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-up.
e Regularly exceeded daily sales and product add-on quotas.
e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.
* Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.
e Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate solutions.
© Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
e Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.
e Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants.
e Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat customers and improved sales.
¢ Provided information regarding charge accounts and loyalty programs.
e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
e Fielded customer questions regarding available merchandise, sales, current prices and upcoming company changes.

07/2017 to 06/2018 Home Loan Specialist
Ditech-Tempe Az — City, STATE
e Reviewed loan files and updated to match current standards.
¢ Worked with underwriters to fix application problems and resolve issues.
¢ Oversaw scheduling of timely loan closing to satisfy home builder and borrower needs.
e Implemented sales strategies that established relationships with realtors and CPAs.
e Fielded customer complaints and provided solutions.
e Planned and dealt with payment schedules.
e Explained different types of loans pertaining to client situations.
e Explained very technical financial information to applicants in easy to understand language.
¢ Observed all regulatory, compliance and security policies and procedures to keep data as safe as possible from
breaches.

11/1998 to 09/2013 Probation Corrections Officer
Riverside County Probation — City, STATE
e Tracked inmates through head counts, visitor logs and scheduled activities.
¢ Booked new inmates into facility and processed inmates for release.
¢ Observed and supervised inmates throughout visits, meal time, recreation, phone calls and showers.
e Inspected work sites and crew trucks for contraband, cleanliness and safety.
e Escorted inmates to and from cells, court, hospitals and medical appointments.
e Delivered inmates to work sites and returned safely by following protocols.
¢ Conducted routine and emergency head counts.
¢ Identified needed updates to correctional plans and assigned inmates to appropriate housing.
e Addressed inquiries from general public, other staff, inmates and visitors to resolve concerns.
© Notified victims of upcoming inmate releases.
e Received and accounted for personal possessions and determined inmate work assignments.
e Identified facility openings and designated inmates to housing units.
e Arranged for medical and dental care of inmates.
¢ Observed behavior of residents individually and in groups.
e Discussed with offenders links between criminal behavior and anger management problems or drug and alcohol
abuse.
¢ Led intake and processing of inmates by handling paperwork, searches, interviews and fingerprinting.
¢ Completed intake paperwork, fingerprints and searches.
e Prepared, processed and maintained forms, reports, logs, records and activity journals.
¢ Led disciplinary hearings and made recommendations for sentencing.

EpucatTIon
05/2006 Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ
e Professional development completed criminal justice Bachelor of Science earned
02/1997 Associate of Science: Police Science
San Bernardino Valley College - San Bemardino, CA
e Relevant Coursework Completed: Police Science
¢ Completed professional development in criminal Justice
06/1992 Associate of Science: Liberal Studies

San Bernardino Valley College - San Bernardino, CA
e Relevant Coursework Completed: liberal studies & general education
e Continuing education in criminal justice