Customer Service Advocate Phane: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Experience performing data entry, and working in a hotel environment. Proficient with Microsoft
word, Excel, Power Point, and Internet. Strong customer service focus. Provide enthusiastic,
friendly, professional personality. Organized, leadership, cormmunications abilities. Demonstrated
ability to multitask. Cashiering and sales receipting experience.

Skills

Microsoft Office, Troubleshooting, Over The Phone Customer Service, Customer Relationship
Managernent, Billing, Call Center, Custorner Service, Computer Repair

Work Experience

Customer Service Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2012

.

Retain the existing custorners by bullding rapport and providing customer satisfaction.
Provided timely solutions of the customer queries, and ensure that the problem does not
occur again.

Verified member dernographics, rnailed out forms when requested by a mernber, documented
reason for members call.

Follow up with custorners to ensure first call resolution and deliver a positive experience,
Balance customer expectations with company policies process transactions credit/debiticheck
position resolutions that best suits the inquiry,

Performed clairn Interpretation in addition to claiming adjustments with card transactions.
Answers telephones by screening and directing patients ta the appropriate person,

Entry Level Bookkeeper
ABC Corporation —~ 2000 - 2005

Updated and maintained administrative records such as mailing lists, contact lists, and client
Information,

Handled various aspects of check writing, general ledger, billing, accounts recelvable, and
other reporting functions,

Greeted public and clients ard direct them to the correct staff mernber received, sorted and
distributed incoming mall reviewed resumes/applications and screened candidates to assess
potential fit within companies; presented top candidates to the senior recruiter and hiring
tearn,

Faxed, scanned and copied docurnents maintained office filing and storage systems
performed work related errands as requested such as going to the post office and bank.
Schedule callbacks to rework bills when there |s a possible problem due to the Verizon
system,

Assess data regarding the patients status and provide care as described in the departments
policies and procedures manual,

Assisting customers with making payments to their insurance policies and solving complex
billing inquiries.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines