Ro be rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Member Advocate Website > voww,qwikresurne.com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Research and litigation to organizing and cormmunications, and utilizes all mechanisms for
supporting those communities, including movement lawyering strategies,

SKILLS

MS Office, Managernent.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Member Advocate
Regal Medical Group - June 2014- 2020

Educates Member on the role of Regal Medical Group and Advocate Program.

Introduces member to case management and care tearn Provide service recovery by
facilitating mernbers needs by working directly with appropriate staff.

Presents and reviews pertinent health related information with member, Including post-
discharge Instructions, urgent care referrals, and welcome information for new members.
Assists assigned members with post-discharge needs,

Assists patients with various appointments and scheduling.

Maintains routine communications with members providing timely follow-up to ensure
resolution of issues.

Provides an accurate capture of health Information while in the members home and provides
clear and effective documentation of all visits to the Interdisciplinary Care Tearn.

Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2014

Worked on an auita-dialer or manually dial mernbers as identified by the clinical quality tearn
to remind members of a gap in their care according to,

Followed 4 calling anatorny to connect with the rernbers and establish a trusting relationship,
while utilizing job aids and critical thinking skills, ,

Responsible for the resolutions of escalated member calls that are recelved,

Included connecting members with cormmunity resources, assisting mernbers to locate a
specialist, supporting the Intake and resolution of appeals and ,

Manage up to 200 member services tickets daily using ZenDesk Respond to member issues
with expediency, accuracy and professionalism Took paint on ,

Taking inbound calls for new and existing customers.Providing with doctor information
network availability and requirernents.

Guest service, payment processing and filing bankruptcy claims.

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Arts in Psychology - (Argosy University - Costa Mesa, CA)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines