PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Attentive, passionate about offering expert support for emotional, physical and mental needs. Caring, vigilant
and devoted to patients. Bringing top-notch multitasking, organizational and conflict management skills.
Enthusiastic, eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in Behavioral Health.

e First Aid and Safety

« Behavioral Management

« Medication Administration

e ADLs Assistance

e Medical chart documentation

« Schedule Management

e Database Search and Data Entry Skills
e Registration and Scheduling

e Providing Information and Resources
e« Verbal and Written Communication

« Caring and Empathetic

« Helpful and Service-Oriented

PATIENT ADVOCATE
Cancer Care Northwest | Spokane, WA

Documenting and Recording Information
Building Rapport and Credibility
Organized and Efficient

Knowledge of Community Services and
Programs

Resolving Problems

Communicating to Patients and Families
Spreadsheet Tracking

Counseling and Guidance

Conflict Resolution

Reliability and Dedication

Time Management and Prioritization

01/2022 to CURRENT

e Utilized knowledge of available resources to help patients select appropriate courses and obtain

relevant support.
e Managed large caseload of patients.

e Maintained documentation on patient activities, coverage issues and hospital actions.

e Worked effectively with staff from all departments to coordinate resolutions.

e Responded to patient concerns and questions with compassionate and knowledgeable service.
e Entered details into computer systems and managed database of information.

e Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.

e Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals.

e Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.
e Offered simple, clear explanations to help clients and families understand hospital policies and

procedures.

D&D (DIRECT SUPPORT PROFESSIONAL)
Bios Corporation | Oklahoma City, OK

11/2017 to 04/2021

e Monitored progress and documented patient health status changes to keep care team updated.

e Administered medication as directed by physician.

e Supervised residents preparing meals and handling chores and provided constructive feedback.

e Maintained clean, safe and well-organized patient environment.

e Minimized injuries to staff or patients through support or restraint to control patient movements.

e Updated patient files with current vitals, behaviors and other data relevant to treatment planning.

e Led patient or group recreational activities for enhanced patient outcomes.

e Supervised daily activities and provided assistance to staff.

e Developed rapport to create safe and trusting environment for care.

e Assisted disabled clients to support independence and well-being.

e Completed regular check-ins and progress report for each client.

e Transported clients to and from medical appointments with safety and efficiency.

e Replaced bandages. dressings and binders to care for wounds and encourage healing.

e Assisted with daily living activities, running errands and household chores.

e Monitored clients' overall health and well-being and noted significant changes.

¢ Built and maintained rapport with clients and family members to facilitate trusting caregiver relationship.
e Provided compassionate and patient-focused care to cultivate well-being.

e Cooked meals and assisted patients with eating tasks to support healthy nutrition.

e Entrusted to handle confidential and sensitive situations in professional matter.

e Recorded patients’ pulse, blood pressure and respirations (TPRs) to assess and document important

health information.

e Provided staff coaching, mentoring and consultation to enhance performance and professional

development.

e Handled incoming mail, bills and invoices and completed appropriate actions.
e Recorded status and duties completed in logbooks for management.

NC’ EMERGENCY MEDICAL TRANSPORTATION DRIVER

Elwyn | Morgan Hill, CA

02/2014 to 08/2016

e Achieved daily preparation for vehicle inspections prior to travel.
e Maintained professional image and attitude to positively represent transport company and help build

reputation for excellent customer service.

e Transported patients and clientele using company vehicles between medical facilities.
e Shouldered responsibility for communicating with dispatch concerning incomplete pickups.
e Successfully operated GPS devices, radios. and cellular devices to optimize route and maintain

dispatch communications.

e Effectively communicated with dispatch to schedule transport progression and receive new orders.
e Assisted handicapped customers to safely complete transfers between van and facility.
e Reported to healthcare workers for following days' pickups and further instructions along with directions

to facilities.

BECIAVIORAL HEALTH TECHNICIAN
Angel Care | City, STATE

12/2017 to 01/2014

e Kept facility clean, performed basic maintenance and restocked supplies to support program needs.

e Facilitated on-site activities, support groups and outings for clients.

e Built and maintained positive staff relationships to promote teamwork and better serve clients.

e Conducted client rounds every 30 minutes to check on residents.

e Prepared and submitted daily behavioral reports to management.

e Recognized individuals under influence of drugs or alcohol and typical behaviors associated with each.
e Completed documentation for every incident and forClaireed to correct personnel for review.

e Searched resident belongings prior to and during stays.

e Taught clients how to complete basic household chores and prepare food.

e« Recommended continuing care and medications to clients and communicated with family members on

treatment and discharge plans.

e Treated clients and families with respect and dignity.

e Coordinated with medical and paramedical professionals to provide appropriate input and effectively

formulate and implement treatment plans for patients.

« Took and monitored vital signs. administered medications and managed patient behavior.

e« Charted on each patient daily.
« Assisted and counseled patients daily.

e Worked closely with management to maintain optimum levels of communication to effectively and

efficiently complete projects.

High School Diploma
Tracy High School, Tracy, CA

06/2003