JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Personable, reliable and dedicated Customer Service Representative with extensive experience. Solid team player with upbeat, positive attitude
and proven skill in establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Articulate,
enthusiastic and results-oriented with demonstrated passion for building relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

SKILLS
e Report Generation © Verbal and Written Communication
e Report Creation © De-escalation Techniques
e Account Management e 60 wpm Typing Speed
© Credit Card Processing ¢ Call Documentation
* Customer Service ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
e Issue and Complaint Resolution e Multitasking and Prioritization
* Customer Data Confidentiality e Technologically Savvy
* Responding to Difficult Customers e Inbound and Outbound Calling
¢ Calm and Professional Under Pressure e High-Energy Attitude
e Transaction Processing ¢ Complaint Resolution
¢ Courteous with Strong Service Mindset * Quality Control
¢ Efficient and Detail-Oriented ¢ Problem-Solving Abilities
¢ Upbeat and Positive Personality e Call Center Operations
e Data Entry ¢ Clerical Support
e Creative Problem Solving © Office Equipment Proficiency
e Understanding Customer Needs ¢ Microsoft Office Expertise
EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Advocate, 11/2022 - Current
Total System Services, Inc. — MD, State
e Expressed appreciation for patronage. inviting and encouraging customer return visits.
¢ Monitored trends and recommended customer service improvements to enhance team success.
¢ Educates plan benefits, answers questions and resolves issues based on outreach campaign calls.
e Documents and tracks contacts with members.
e Educates members on our self-service options.
e Follows campaign guidelines for exceptional service
e Exceeds member expectations
¢ Ensures that every caller is treated with respect, kindness and all questions are thoroughly answered
« Respond to inquiries from our Medicare Advantage members
* Conducts targeted outbound calls to diminish service disruption and educate members on new plans
* Takes ownership and follows through on commitments
* Create lasting relationships with our members
e Work in a team environment to create world class service
e Ability to navigate multiple systems
e Acts as an advocate for our members
* Exceeded company productivity standards on consistent basis.
¢ Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions.
¢ Cultivated impactful relationships with customers and drove business development by delivering product knowledge.

Customer Service Representative, 10/2021 - 11/2022
American Welding & Gas Inc. — Williamsport, PA

¢ Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking for problem resolution.

e Set up and activated customer accounts.

* Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions.

e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

e Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.

e Used proven techniques to de-escalate angry customers during telephone interactions.

© Upheld quality control policies and procedures to increase customer satisfaction.

¢ Escalated customer concerns, issues and requirements to supervisors for immediate rectification.

* De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

* Guide the member through their plan of benefits, Aetna policy and procedures as well as having knowledge of resources to comply with
any regulatory guidelines.

e Create an emotional connection with our members by understanding and engaging the member to the fullest to champion for our members'
best health.

e Take accountability to fully understand the member's needs by building a trusting and caring relationship with the member. Anticipates
customer needs.

¢ Provide the customer with related information to answer the unasked questions, e.g. additional plan details, benefit plan details, member
self-service tools, etc.

e Explains member's rights and responsibilities in accordance with contract.

e Assist Medicare members in educating and enrolling them into the best plan that fits their budget and medical necessities.

¢ Research current and historical plans for any billing discrepancies.

e Research any claim inquiries and escalate if needed.

¢ Make outbound calls to Providers for any questions or make appointments for our members as necessary.

* Developed strong customer relationships to encourage repeat business.

* Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

Quality Control Technician, 11/2015 - 04/2020
Diasorin — Cypress, CA
¢ Performed quality control inspections to determine alignment with product safety regulations.
e Assisted with correcting systemic problems in order to eliminate errors.
e Interpreted test results, compared to specifications and control limits and recommended data for release.
* Compiled inspection and test data in reports to document compliance with or deviations from strict quality standards.
*« Compared samples to standards and specifications by performing detailed measurements and tests.
e Maintained lab cleanliness and safety standards.
© Provided lab staff with samples for testing to check quality and safety of finished products.
¢ Noted results and entered data into Excel spreadsheets to track and assess trends.
* Performed visual inspections of finished products.
e Analyzed issues and recommended corrective actions to improve final results.
¢ Compiled laboratory test data and performed analyses.
e Calibrated, validated or maintained laboratory equipment.
e Monitored and upheld safe operating procedures and clean area mandates to meet regulatory requirements.
¢ Conducted tests on product samples and recorded results.
e Investigated or reported questionable test results.
* Completed routine inspections of components and products to fulfill quality assurance requirements.
¢ Identified and troubleshot equipment problems.
e Participated in technical trainings and workshops to improve skills set and boost overall knowledge.
e Participated in out-of-specification and failure investigations and recommended corrective actions.

* Completed data capture forms, equipment logbooks or inventory forms to support testing procedures.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/2011
Delaware Valley High School - Milford, PA