Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

: abana
Client Advocate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
To obtain a position that will allow me to utilize my capabilities | have SKILLS
achieved throughout my past work experience; a fulfilling position where | Microsoft Office,
arm able to utilize my technical and adrninistrative skills, providing the mast ‘Customer Service,

premium client care while performing a variety of tasks, while maintaining

Banking, Collections,
the ability to prioritize, respond and relay pertinent information to all : TEER
parties involved. Retail, Service Industry,

Organizational, Detail
Oriented, Multi-tasking,

WORK EXPERIENCE Excel, Communication,

Client Advocate Data Entry, Dependable.
ABC Corporation- August 2007 - October 2008
Re sponsibilities: :
« Served as the primary point of contact for spa and prospective
members, English (Native)
K French (Professional)
= Assisted spa members by using electric clippers to shave members Spanish (Professional)

treatment areas,
« Applied topical anesthetic onto members needing their treatment areas

nurnb, INTERESTS
* Scheduled future appointments for current and prospective members. Climbing
= Maintained the schedule of multiple clinicians using RCM database Snowboarding
(program specifically made for Reveal MedSpa, including reviewing the Cooking
schedule to ensure that the proper equiprnent issued on the correct Reading
members.
« Maintained, updated, and effectively utilized the spa centers database.
= Created and maintained members physical charts. REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company
Client Advocate Name)
ABC Corporation- 2004 - 2007 Reference - 2 (Company
vate Name)
Re sponsibilities:

= Salvation Army Open Door, Marysville Assist consumers In accessing
community based resources.

= Support consumers in maintaining thelr stability in thelr community.

= Receptionist duties, as well as customer service duties for the reach
prograrn.

= Open and close Drop-in Center,

= Perforrn basic office tasks, coordinate groups, chores and budgeting
tools,

= Prepare and maintain report.

= (February, 2007 to June 2010).

Education

Certified and licensed in Cna/Gna- 2016(Nurse one inc - Lanham,
MD)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines