ROBERT SMITH
Care Advocate II

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

To continue professional growth where experience and personal initiative will be of immediate
value and lead to increased responsibilities within the organization.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Customer Service, Database and Spreadsheet Management,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Care Advocate Il
ABC Corporation - September 2009 ~ January 2014

Key Deliverables:

* Assist and educate tamilies with obtaining access to and retaining memberships in all
available healthcare services and programs.

» Navigate members through the selected programs and give instructions on premium
payments, annual renewals and health plan systems as well-as provide instruction on how
to use the Healthy Families'Medi-Cal/AIM handbook,

* Schedule appointments lor medical and dental services,

* Monitorenmliment, conduct follow-up on all applicants and track re-enroliments,

» Assist families with appeals, payment disputes and other compiex issues.

» Participate in community outreach events as well as ongoing training and program
updates.

* Prepare and maintain required paperwork and compile monthly reports and presentations,

Care Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2009

Key Deliverables:

« April, 2013 Quality Assurance Training Caregivers On Gall Phones,

* Behavioral health care advocate reviewed clinical assessments and certified levels of care
according to State and Federal policies.

» All work was done by telaphone and work environment was a Cail center,

« Intensive case management of high risk claimants.

» Assessment of psychiatnc and substance use symptoms and history, identitication of
service needs, linkages with necessary services including ,

» Certification of in-patient substance abuse and mental health admissions via review al
symptoms, history, labs, etc.

» Also concurrent review of treatment when needed.

EDUCATION

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines