ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Child Advocate

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Talented early education professional with diverse experience in planning amd implementing yanous
activities for promoting physical, social, emotional and intellectual growth of children. As child advocate am
capable of mmaining calm under pressure when dealing with children who are going through troubles while
contiming to keep the group setting light und playful,

SRILLS

Bilingual, Customer Service, Mac, Wond, Excel.

WORK EXPERTENCE

Jr. Child Advocate
ABC Corpomtion - February 2015 — March 2016

Managed a large caseload of over 35 children, ensured they received all necessary services, ensured
their safety and well-being.

Worked with adult purents and ensured they completed court ordered tasks to regain. custody of their
children.

Attended all court bearings and testified to purents progress in their case and to childs safety,
Actively worked to do whatever needed to be done to move the child fram where they were to the
best possible outcame in the shartest possible time dunng the intake and placement process.
Created legal court documents for hearings and submitted all documents in a timely manner.
Performed home visits ut childrens homes to assure the safety und well being of the children,
Supervised court ordered visits for parents and children to make sure everything was sue and
appropriate.

Child Advocate
CASA Paulding - 2010-2015

Advocate through the juvenile court system for the wants and needs of foster children,

Meet once monthly ata minimum with children and faster parents to assess the wellbeing and
development of the child.

Make recommendations to the court regarding care, happiness, and needs of the child in cam based
on parent plun progress.

Develop plans for parents to work to 1emedy the reason surrounding the childs removal from the
home and uny other obstacles that muy come to light through the course of proceedings:

Discover previously unknown resources to help children have happier lives and vain life skills that
were not being met or taught.

Bring hope, help, and bappiness to children and fumulies through my personal expenences that are
relevant to their current situations,

Skills Used Critical thinking, open-mindedness, creative problem solving, attention to detail.

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes