SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND (©

TRAINING

PROFICIENCIES

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Certified Pharmacy Technician with 11 years of experience and strong leadership skills. Well-versed in all
aspects of pharmacy operation. Expert in filling prescriptions within fast-paced, high-volume settings.
Proficient in conducting accurate and seamless audits. Well-versed in all elements of medication dispensing,
regulatory compliance and drug inventory control. Highly proficient in building lasting relationships with
patients and customers.

« Case management experience e Knowledge of state regulations

« Conflict mediation e Client safety and first aid

« Community activities e Healthcare operations

« Project Management e Microsoft Windows 11/Excell/Powerpoint
« Care plan management e Financial counseling

« Claims processing e Technical assistance

« Insurance practices

PATIENT CARE ADVOCATE 08/2013 to 12/2019
Giant Eagle, Inc. | Medina, OH

e Used TherigySTM to keep track of patient care plans to determine when to call for refills. follow ups, and
to ensure patient adherence to medication.

e Used ScriptPro to input prescriptions, request refills from prescribing physicians, Used ScriptPro for
point of sale, checked ScriptPro IVR,.

e Delivered Medication directly to Inpatients and Outpatients.

e Assisted In the Execution of all company initiatives and programs.

« Participated in meetings, Scheduled Huddles and created talking points for huddles.

e Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to patient questions and concerns.

e Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.

e Gathered and analyzed patient information to determine special program eligibility.

e Worked with patients to appeal insurance decisions and coordinated with providers to resolve problems.

e Liaise with staff from diverse hospital departments to bring about effective resolutions to range of
issues.

e Acted as liaison for hospital staff, physicians, patients and family members.

e Addressed patients' complaints-head on, investigated concerns and worked with medical staff to devise
solutions.

e Helped protect providers and facility from legal liabilities by proactively assessing risks.

e Trained facility volunteers on guest relations procedures and patients’ rights.

e Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients to facilitate smooth, quality care.

e Created Trainees work schedule, Trained on Workflow, Partner Trainees with Senior Technicians to
learn specific workflows, determine when Trainees are fully trained and able to work independently.

e Perform Insurance Verifications.

e Retrieve Clinical Information in order to complete Prior Authorizations and initiate Appeals.

e Setup Fedex Deliveries and resolve Fedex Discrepancies.

e Financial Assistance Advocate. Duties included Sign qualified patients up for Free Drug Assistance,
Copay Cards, and alternative Drug Assistance Programs.

e Connect Patients with Social Workers that will provide financial assistance outside of my line of work.

e Performed Inventory Audits.

e Reconcile Cashier Tills.

e Coordinate Fundraisers for different Disease States.

CE NTIFIED PHARMACY TECH II 04/2011 to 09/2012
Community Health System | Las Cruces, NM

e Prepared IV medications: Chemo's/Compounding/Antibiotics/Syringes/PCA.

e Coordinated mediation delivery with nurses and Prescribing Physicians to ensure time sensitive doses
would be delivered to patient efficiently.

e Purchased unit dose packages.

e Compound/ data entry/ Narcotic room filling/ delivery coordination.

e Fill prescriptions from Talyst and delivered medication throughout the hospital to the designated
Omnicell or patient specific areas.

e Audit Drugs, Ordered Medication, Ordered Narcotics, Vials, and additional pharmacy essentials.

e Created new customer profiles and updated demographics, allergies and new medications in pharmacy
computer systems.

e Adhered to regulatory guidelines for workplace safety and customer confidentiality.

e Supervised inventory levels to maintain adequate supply of medications and medical supplies.

e Adhered to infection control policies and procedures to prevent spread of disease.

e Received and verified daily incoming drug inventories, reported discrepancies and logged items into
inventory system.

e Received, reviewed, dispensed and labeled over 150 prescriptions daily.

PHORMACY TECHNICIAN 01/2011 to 11/2011
Dih Holdings Corp. | Leavenworth, KS

e Assisted pharmacist with clearing high volume of prescriptions and responded to customer questions.

e Interpreted and processed medication orders under supervision of pharmacist.

e Inspected medication storage locations to monitor drug expiration dates and supply adequate inventory.

e Received and verified daily incoming drug inventories, reported discrepancies and logged items into
inventory system.

e Refilled medications, offered insight into over-the-counter products and verified insurance benefits.

e Transmitted claims to insurance companies for payment and reconciled EOBs.

e Transmitted daily bulk orders to maintain inventory levels.

e Prepared prescription transfers to other pharmacies.

e Participated in prescription pharmaceutical and over-the-counter product inventory audits.

e Improved drug inventory management procedures to reduce overhead and eliminate backorders or
overstock.

e Flagged potential drug interactions and allergies to prescribed medications for patients with different
health conditions.

e Used 8-point check system to verify labeled prescriptions.

e Cross-promoted supplement and nutritional products to maximize add-on sales.

e Maintained strict patient confidentiality to adhere to HIPAA regulations and avoid data compromises.

e Maintained clean and organized pharmacy shelving and work areas.

e Verified patients' identities at pickup to prevent sale of wrong medications.

e Managed inventories, rotated stock, removed expired or damaged drug products and resolved
discrepancies in drug counts.

e Performed wide range of pharmacy operations with strong commitment to accuracy, efficiency and
service quality.

e Efficiently processed cash register transactions for new and refilled prescription orders.

e Teamed with peers, technicians and pharmacists to prioritize and complete orders.

e Created new customer profiles and updated demographics, allergies and new medications in pharmacy
computer systems.

Bachelor of Accountancy | Accounting and finance 10/2023
Chicago State University, Chicago, IL

¢ Minor in Business Management

e Major in Accounting and Finance

e 35 GPA

PhOrmacy Technician | Pharmacy 06/2011
EVEREST COLLEGE, Merrionete Park
Dean's List Honoree: June 2011

e Completed coursework in Pharmacy Terminology, Dose Calculation, Dose Preparation

e Ranked in Top 2% of class
e« 40GPA

Hig.» School Diploma 05/2009
Bloom Township Highschool, Chicago Heights, IL
« 40GPA

e Able to balance priorities and tight deadlines / Complete all projects in a timely manner Effective
Communicator:.

e Polished writing and interpersonal skills / Communicate in a patient and energetic voice Extensive
Medical Terminology Knowledge Able to translate sig written prescriptions into easily readable
instructions for patients Professional Individual:.

« Dedicated to professional purpose / Goal oriented with a positive attitude and a strong work ethic
Northwestern Memorial Hospital Software.

Proficeint in the Following EMR

e Ottor.

e Theradoc.
e = Firstnet.

« Epic.

e Therigy-

« WAM.

e ScriptPro

« Certified Pharmacy Technician (CPhT) Oct 2011-Current