JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dependable veteran Certified Pharmacy Technician effective in managing multiple operations and expertise in all facets of pharmacy
operations. Successful in encouraging team members to work efficiently and meet production targets while maintaining a positive work
environment. Well-organized, self-motivated and knowledgeable about successful strategies for managing fast-paced work. Capable and detail
oriented State Certified Pharmacy Technician with over seven years of experience in retail pharmacy with proven history of providing

exceptional customer service to drive client retention.

SKILLS
e Medicare and Medicaid Processing e Liberty
¢ Medication Therapy Management e Intercom Plus
e Prior Authorization Processing e MS Office
e 340 B Processing e Training and Development
e Cemer
Work HIsToRyY

Certified Pharmacy Technician/Rx Care Advocate, 11/2019 - Current
Kroger — Cleveland, TN
e Stocks, labels and inventories medication to keep accurate records.
¢ Consults with insurance company representatives to complete claims processing, resolve concerns and reconcile payments.
¢ Helps pharmacist clear problematic prescriptions and address customer questions to keep pharmacy efficient.
« Communicated with prescribers to verify medication dosages, refill authorizations and patient information.
e Answers incoming phone calls and address questions from customers and healthcare providers.
*« Communicates with patients to collect information about prescriptions and medical conditions or arrange consultations with pharmacists.
* Oversees medicine to bedside program.
* Cultivate positive relationships with physicians and case managers to aid patients with various needs.
e Trains and sets expectations during orientations for new hire nurses and physician residents.
* Established and oversees Patient Impact Program to lessen readmissions.
e Supervises four pharmacy technicians and coordinates day-to-day assignments.
¢ Provides consultations and answer inquiries from patients, healthcare professionals and physicians regarding drugs, potential side effects,
and specified use.
e Assists patients in minimizing medical expenses by recommending generic alternative prescription medications.

e Ensures accurate processing for 340 B prescriptions.

Senior Certified Pharmacy Technician, 05/2015 - 11/2019
Clark Construction Group — San Diego, CA
e Stocked, labeled and inventoried medication to keep accurate records.
¢ Consulted with insurance company representatives to complete claims processing, resolve concerns and reconcile payments.
« Completed paperwork, entering prescription and insurance or billing information into patient profiles.
e Maintained drug inventory levels by ordering necessary medications and supplies.
* Communicated directly with doctors offices via telephone, fax and email.
¢ Worked with computerized and automated systems for dispensing medications and editing new patient profiles.
e Resolved non-routine issues like third-party billing, computer system and customer service issues.
* Counted, measured and compounded medications following standard procedures.
¢ Solved customer problems in-person or over telephone by providing assistance with placing orders, navigating systems and locating items.
e Managed pharmacy technicians’ schedules and PTO to help pharmacy run efficiently.
* Coordinated verification and filling of more than 1,600 daily prescriptions in high-volume 24 hour retail pharmacy environment.
e Performed various pharmacy operational activities with strong commitment to accuracy, efficiency and service quality.
¢ Monitored ordering of pharmacy medication stock to maintain streamlined inventory and low overhead.
* Counseled customers on medications, appropriate dosage and potential side effects.

¢ Recruited, trained and guided new pharmacy technicians, improving overall performance.

Office Manager, 08/2012 - 05/2015
Century 21 All Stars Realty, LLC — City, STATE
e Established workflow processes, monitored daily productivity and implemented modifications to improve overall performance of
personnel.
© Optimized organizational systems for payment collections, AP/AR, deposits and recordkeeping.
« Maintained computer and physical filing systems.
e Updated reports, managed accounts and generated reports for company database.
e Sourced vendors for special project needs and negotiated contracts.

EDUCATION

Pharmacy Technician Certification: Pharmacy

Palmetto School of Career Development - Myrtle Beach, SC
e Dean's List
e Pharmacy Technician Registration
e PTCB Certification

No Degree: Biology
Coastal Carolina University - Conway, SC

High School Diploma: 06/2007
Aynor High School - Aynor, SC
e Received Horry County School Honors Diploma
*¢ Member of International Thespian Society
e Received Life Scholarship, Palmetto Fellows Scholarship, Lions Club Scholarship