PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

)

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

e« Proactive and Self-Motivated e Data Entry and 10-Key

« Financial Recordkeeping « Data Analysis

« Account Auditing e« Departmental Collaboration
e« Financial Calculation and Analysis e Critical Thinking

« Customer Relations e Microsoft Office

e« Precision and Accuracy

PATIENT THERAPY ACCESS CASE MANAGER 05/2022 to CURRENT
Carecloud | Seattle, WA

e Precisely evaluated and verified benefits and eligibility.

e Provided high level, comprehensive education and constructive feedback to physician's offices,
strengthening professional relationships which ultimately resulted in higher reimbursement rates and
maximum profitability.

e Examined patients' insurance coverage, deductibles. out-of-pocket, and various other billing details not
covered under policies when applicable.

e Delivered continual support to my colleagues, the sales teams, and physician's offices directly.

e Took on various roles within the department and utilized knowledge obtained by previous professions to
become a subject matter expert for all facets of pre-adjudication for Neuromodulation procedures.

e Responded to requests for information from various payers by providing clinical documents.

e Pre-certified neuromodulation procedures.

e Prepared billing correspondence and maintained database to organize billing information.

e Trained new employees on multiple medical billing programs and data entry software.

e Reviewed patient diagnosis codes to verify accuracy and completeness.

e Adhered to established standards to safeguard patients' health information.

LAOORATORY REVENUE CYCLE ADVOCATE 07/2021 to 04/2022
Abbott | City, STATE

e Supported management by processing financial transactions for both Care Centers and Laboratories,
with consistent on-time delivery.

e Streamlined daily reporting information entry for efficient record keeping purposes.

e Entered figures using 10-key calculator to compute data quickly.

e Generated reporting for overall Revenue and Net Collections. and upon receipt of credentialing and
contracting information tracked collection progress.

e Gathered, evaluated and summarized account data in detailed financial reports.

e Assessed data and information to verify entry, calculation and billing code accuracy.

e Managed and responded to correspondence and inquiries from customers and vendors.

e Input financial data and produced reports using Athena Software.

e Presented audit findings to Laboratory Revenue Cycle Director after reviewing results and paperwork.

PACIENT THERAPY ACCESS CASE MANAGER 01/2019 to 07/2021
Inogen | City, STATE

e Precisely evaluated and verified benefits and eligibility.

e Provided high level, comprehensive education and constructive feedback to physician's offices,
strengthening professional relationships which ultimately resulted in higher reimbursement rates and
maximum profitability.

e Examined patients' insurance coverage, deductibles, out-of-pocket, and various other billing details not
covered under policies when applicable.

e Delivered continual support to my colleagues, the sales teams, and physician's offices directly.

e Took on various roles within the department and utilized knowledge obtained by previous professions to
become a subject matter expert for all facets of pre-adjudication for Neuromodulation procedures.

e Responded to requests for information from various payers by providing clinical documents.

e Pre-certified neuromodulation procedures.

e Prepared billing correspondence and maintained database to organize billing information.

e Trained new employees on multiple medical billing programs and data entry software.

e Reviewed patient diagnosis codes to verify accuracy and completeness.

e Adhered to established standards to safeguard patients’ health information.

OF.DER ENTRY AND CLAIMS MANAGEMENT TEAM LEAD 06/2017 to 12/2079
CenCal Health | City, STATE

e Used various systems including Salesforce, Brightree, and Oracle, to research and solve complex billing
issues related to Medicare, Medicaid, and Commercial Insurance policies.

e Trained my teams on billing rules and regulations, and assisted in reviewing medical documentation to
ensure it was billable.

e Became a key contributer in various kaizens for inside and outside sales representatives across the
U.S.

e Engaged in project management.

e Coordinated and collaborated departmentally and interdepartmentally.

e Reviewed and reported on metrics analyzing data and identifying trends.

e Completed accurate order entry and data verification.

e Communicated with customers to answer questions and perform account maintenance.

e Assisted customers by providing tracking information and resolving shipping or merchandise issues.

e Double-checked customer orders and information before filling out order forms to prevent unnecessary
delays and errors.

e Informed customers by mail or telephone of order information such as unit prices, shipping dates and
anticipated delays.

e Used Brightree and Salesforce to keep track of client information and orders, update accounts and
monitor shipments to obtain and relay real-time information.

e Contacted customers to collect payments and verify or add to existing information, consistently
providing timely, accurate and customer-oriented service.

e Processed and handled customer complaints, answering questions and providing alternative solutions.

BILLING COORDINATOR 02/2009 to 06/2011
Company Name | City, State
e« Used multiple Medi-Cal Screens to assist members with insurance issues (i.e. Eligibility, Pharmacy,
Authorizations, & Claims).
*« Completed 70+ billing issues a month by researching, and subsequently maintaining excellent
communication with contracted/non contracted providers.
« Worked with various internal departments to assist members with their concerns.
« Processed 'Annual Eligibility Reviews' for our members. specific to the Healthy Kids Program.
« Logged financial and payer information.
« Composed letters fo members on various issues regarding insurance.

Bachelor of Arts | Art 05/2008
California State University - Stanislaus, Turlock, CA