PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS (©

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« Call Center Representative with expertise providing customer support in high call volume environments.
« Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone etiquette.

« Customer Service Manager highly skilled in negotiating, instructing and supervising

« Call Center Representatives. Hands-on Customer Service

« Manager effective in motivating others to reach their optimum potential.

e Skilled in call center operations e Call center metrics decoding aptitude

e Talented client relations manager ¢ Committed to maintaining data integrity
e Multi-line phone operation proficiency e Persuasive speaker

e Exceptional workflow management ¢ Budgeting expertise

e Adheres to customer service procedures
e Marketing savvy
e Strong problem solving aptitude

CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE II 11/2013 to CURRENT
Bluecross Blueshield Of South Carolina | Minnesota

e Provide accurate and courteous reposes to all services inquiries

e To answer supplies' incoming calls regarding their supplies and equipment.

e To assist suppliers in navigating the company's website to complete forms and research information
about the program.

e To assist with technical problems on webite if needed

e Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.

e Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 04/2003 to 10/2006
Select Medical Corporation | Tucson, AZ

e Provide prompt accurate and courteous responses to all customer services inquiries.

e To answer members and agents incoming calls.

e To process payments, update files. and resolved problems.

e Processed insurance applications.

e Assisted with training coworker and new hires.

e Performed other duties as assigned.

e Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.
e Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.

e Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.

MI_MBER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 10/2006 to 09/2009
Texas Credit Union | Allen, TX

e Ensured the prompt prescreening and processing of all group or member add requests to make
changes to their plans.

e In charge of keying applications for Medicare recipients and monitoring all incoming correspondence
from our customer.

e To complete research and process information from appeals and grievances department to resolve
customer complaints.

e Assist with training of co-workers and new hires.

e Performed other duties as assigned.

e Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.

e Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.

High School Diploma
Croom Vocational High School, Upper Marlboro, MD