PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Knowledgeable and dedicated customer service professional with extensive experience in a specialized field.
Solid team player with outgoing, positive demeanor and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients.
Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Specialize in quality, speed
and process optimization. Articulate, energetic and results-oriented with exemplary passion for developing
relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

e Highly proficient on the computer e Ability to assess clients needs quickly
« Skilled at multi-tasking « Customer Complaint Resolution
e Tech savvy and passionate about technology e Good Listening Skills
e Passionate to solve problems for clients through Sales and service oriented
active listening, problem solving and offering
solutions
¢ Superb listening skills

CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE Il, FEHB PROGRAM 10/2020 to CURRENT
Benchmark Senior Living | Boston, MA
e Respond to customer requests, offering excellent support and tailored recommendations to address

needs.

e Learned internal systems and related service role duties to provide skilled team backup in handling
customer demands.

e Maintained updated knowledge of internal processes and industry best practices to optimize service
delivery.

e Researched and rapidly resolved client conflicts to maintain key accounts.

e Increase revenue by actively listening to customers and proposing optimal health insurance offerings.

e Reduced average call time 30% by adjusting internal processes and utilizing internal knowledge bases

e Assisted members with correcting account, service and system issues by educating on required forms
and technical processes.

e Described product highlights and benefits to help guide purchasing decisions.

e Trained, oversaw and mentored new team members to strengthen performance and job expertise.

e Helped operators handle incoming calls and managed escalated needs with targeted resolutions.

e Built long-term, loyal customer relations by providing top-notch service and detailed order, account and
service information.

e Promoted available products and services to customers during service, account management and order
calls.

e Promoted superior experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving
problems swiftly.

EXOCUTIVE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS 11/2014 to 10/2020
Patterson Dental Supply, Inc. | Brooklyn, NY

e Facilitate discussions with client to elaborate on areas of improvements

e Perform qualitative and quantitative research to determine solutions

e Strategically develop customized business plan utilizing research methodologies such as data mining,
market trending, financial models business intelligence

e Hired, supervised and coached 20 employees on sales strategies to optimize performance.

e Coordinated staff meetings to discuss developmental strategy, best practices and process
improvements.

e Conducted assessments and counseled clients regarding controls. risks, process issues and
productivity inefficiencies.

e Analyzed and interpreted data to determine any problems or areas that need improvement.

e Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain responsiveness to demands.

e Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

TEORITORY SALES REPRESENTATIVE 11/2013 to 11/2014
Unifirst Corporation | City, STATE

¢ Cold sales calls using company provided call list and self-generated prospects

e Weekly in person calls 40/week returned 15-17 signed contracts

e Proactively negotiated profitable contracts for product lines and performed cold-calling to senior
leadership

e Exceeded targets by building, directing and motivating high-performing sales team.

e Attended advanced training sessions and conferences to increase product knowledge and productivity.

e Identified new business opportunities through cold calling, networking, marketing and prospective
database leads.

e Maximized sales through effective client relationship development, resulting in consistent ranking in top
5 % of team.

e Capitalized on customer up-sell opportunities resulting in 50% increased revenues.

CUSTOMER RESOURCE ASSOCIATE 10/2010 to 11/2013
Customer Resource Center- ALFA Insurance | City, STATE

e Managed average of 60 calls per day: with 100% customer resolution on the ‘st call

e Listening to the customer's needs using CNA, recommending product based on needs

e Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.
e Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat business and improved sales.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

« Committee appointment to Vision 2020 Fire Safety Initiative

« Coordinated partnership between IAFC and American Red Cross Disaster Management Division

e« Active member of Walking Womens Welfare

« Participated in Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund sponsored by Texas Fire Chiefs

« Spearheaded committee with Tennessee Fire Chiefs Association to coordinate relief efforts for
Gatlinburg Fires

« Southern Divisions- IAFC Oversight Committee

High School Diploma 05/7996
Chilton County High School, Clanton, AL