SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

To work in a competitive company that will utilize my twelve years of flying experience, and continue to grow and advance my skills
professionally. Highly organized Customer Advocate with an aptitude for meeting consumers’ preferences through strategic planning.

Personable and detail oriented.
SKILLS
¢ Pleasing personality, energetic and Customer Oriented ¢ Documentation
Professional. e« Managing
e Able to work as part of a Team with minimal supervision. e Personnel

e Hands on Experienced in all aspects of multi-cultural passengers =e Quality assurance
in performing all cabin services in a professional way that it will = « Safety
reflects the positive credits upon the Airline. e Supervision

EXPERIENCE

10/2019 to Current

e Travel arrangements

Customer Service Advocate
Cvs Health — Sacramento, CA

e As a Customer Advocate my function is to focus on meeting customer expectations representing the company.

© Utilized my ability in customer service being a good listener and assisting them to their inquiries.

e Doing Inbound/Outbounds calls.

© Capitalized on opportunities to enhance customer experiences and bring in repeat business.

¢ Handled escalated calls for front-line associates to address complex issues and restore customer satisfaction.

e Escalated customer concerns, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.

« Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.

e Maximized customer satisfaction by handling the calls properly to its resolution.

¢ Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.
e Exceeded company productivity standards above 90% on consistent basis in Overall Customer Satisfaction.

02/2006 to 07/2018 CABIN SENIOR (Team Leader)

Marriott International — Parsippany, NJ

e Four years’ experience managing service crew personnel in International Flights to ensure safety and quality
assurance of all service crew flight requirements.

« BUSINESS CLASS FLIGHT ATTENDANT Six years in-charge of Business Class in support of frequent fliers and
VIP passengers on board international flights.

e SKY NANNY Certified by Norland College, London United Kingdom, qualified as Sky Nanny with additional
three years’ experience in assisting passengers with kids and families as well as unaccompanied minor.

e (emergency child birth trained).

© Served beverages and food items and provided key information about offerings to passengers during flights.

© Politely greeted incoming passengers and provided direction to seat locations to facilitate boarding process.

e Followed safety, passenger and supply pre-flight checklists.

¢ Comforted and provided reassurance to passengers during unforeseen or stressful events, such as flight turbulence
and flight delays.

¢ Helped guests locate seats and stow luggage in the appropriate locations.

e Directed junior team members in proper duties and company regulations.

¢ Promoted passenger and crew safety by maintaining airline and federal aviation regulations at all times.

© Controlled flight environment by responding to disruptive passengers per FAA and federal guidelines.

e Inspected interior of aircraft prior to, during and after flights to check for proper stowing of emergency equipment.

« Offered answers to passengers’ questions and resolved issues that arose during flights.

e Attended trainings in customer service, conflict resolution techniques, and safety procedures to remain current on
new requirements and procedures.

e Dealt with mechanical and passenger emergencies according to standards.

e Kept cabin neat, clean and professional in appearance.

03/2004 to 01/2006 RESERVATIONS CLERK

Meritage Hospitality Group Inc — Battle Creek, MI

e Two years’ experience in Reservation and Ticketing the passengers on their desired flight as well as planning their
Itinerary and other travel arrangements and documentation assistance.

e Contacted customers to advise on travel conveyance changes and to confirm reservations.

¢ Processed incoming reservation calls and applied up-selling techniques to inform callers of premium services.

© Delivered exceptional service to every customer through active engagement, effective listening and well-developed
interpersonal skills.

e Acquired detailed knowledge of services, promotions and events to offer added value to travelers.

e Assisted customers via phone by providing confirmations, answering questions and offering general information.

e Verified guest information and payment options ensuring accuracy and completeness.

e Delivered attentive and responsive customer service by leading resolution of internal and external ticketing
questions and concerns consistently, courteously and respectfully.

e Addressed customer inquiries via email, telephone calls or in person, providing prompt response.

05/2002 to 10/2002 Service Crew Member

State Of North Dakota — Lisbon, ND

e Cleaned and sanitized kitchen workspace by sweeping, mopping and wiping down counters.

e Assisted manager in opening and closing operations, including cleaning, securing and balancing daily funds and
receipts.

© Totaled bills, accepted payments and returned change.

e Maintained order of customer and crew member work areas.

¢ Pitched in to perform observed needs during customer lulls without waiting to be asked by management.

e Greeted and served guests with warmth, courtesy and efficiency, leading to loyal, returning customers.

e Responded quickly to customer complaints and initiate problem resolution.

e Answered customer questions and took orders.

¢ Boosted sales by listening carefully to guests and promoting appropriate specials and offering menu ideas to help in
order selection.

e Processed customer payments using cash, checks, credit and debit cards and returned proper bills and coin.

¢ Took orders, prepared foods and processed payments in full-service.

05/2003 to 03/2004 Tour Guide

BUENVIAJE TOURS -— City, STATE

¢ Mentored apprentice guides to promote better understanding of information to present to tourists and travelers.

e Researched topics that pertained to tour locations so that such information could be added to scripts.

e Answered questions, pointed out overlooked features and offered further details about special exhibits to educate
visitors.

e Entertained visitors and tourists with various props and signs to maximize engagement.

¢ Developed long-term relationships with local partners, including restaurants, cafes, museums and concert halls so
travelers could further explore city individually.

e Created tour programs with focus on providing positive guest experiences.

© Developed guest relationships to achieve high level of satisfaction.

¢ Delivered information through narratives on locations throughout the are relaying lesser-known stories for interest.

e Kept safety of all members of group at high level by pointing out cracked sidewalks, bad lighting and steps and
provided assistance as needed.

¢ Defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2003

04/1999

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: TOURISM
POLYTHECNIC UNIVERSITY OF THE PHILIPPINES STA - MESA, MANILA

High School Diploma
Florentino Torres High School - Tondo, Manila, Philippines

¢ BCAA (BAHRAIN CIVIL AVIATION AUTHORITY) March 30, 2014 participated in Partial Evacuation Drill - BOEING 767 /
BOEING 777-300ER and AIRBUS 340, 330, 333, 320, 319 - DANGEROUS GOODS AND SECURITY - CRM (CABIN CREW
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT) - WET DRILL (ditching) FIRE DRILL (fire-fighting) GROUND EVACUATION DRILL - Cabin
Safety and Security (hi-jacked incidents) - First Aid and CPR.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Jessica Claire