JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Twenty years in the HealthCare Industry, advocating and making a difference in peoples lives. Seeking a position with a reputable company.

SKILLS
e Service Utilization Improvements * Regulatory Issues
e Customer Experience e Calm and Effective Under Pressure
e Administrative and Office Support * Policy and Program Development
* Operational Records Maintenance e Patient Confidentiality and Data Security
« Patient Needs Assessment and Referral ¢ Building Rapport and Credibility
¢ Critical Thinking ¢ Documenting and Recording Information
¢ Healthcare Planning ¢ Communicating to Patients and Families
* Organizational Turnaround ¢ Healthcare Billing

Work History

02/2020 to 12/2021 Registered Nurse

02/2018 to 02/2020

State Of Delaware — Newport, DE

e Provided direct patient care of 10-400 patients daily.

e Provided COVID-19 vaccine to those who requested it per CDC guidelines, allowing highest level of health
possible.

e Trained new nurses, medical assistants, nursing students, and ancillary staff in proper techniques, care standards,
operational procedures and safety protocols.

e Educated patients, families and caregivers regarding COVID vaccine diagnosis and prognosis, treatment options,
disease process and management and lifestyle options.

¢ Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while managing rapidly
changing conditions.

e Administered medications via oral, [V and intramuscular injections and monitored responses.

e Administered medications and treatment to patients and monitored responses while working with healthcare teams
to adjust care plans.

© Updated patient charts with data such as medications to keep records current and support accurate treatments.

© Monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented findings.

¢ Taught patients how to improve lifestyle choices, dramatically reducing chance of symptom reoccurrence.

Healthcare Advocate
New England Sinai Hospital And Rehabilitation Center — Stoughton, MA
e Support staff for 20 patients daily.
© Helped provide a cohesive, comfortable, & emotional environment.
e Discussed patient grievances with management to develop action plans, resolving complaints.
¢ Obtained patient feedback from patients to provide appropriate recommendations to improve patient services.
e Assisted with regulatory issues such as compliance.
© Developed and maintained electronic record management systems to analyze and process data.
¢ Produced detailed and relevant reports for use in making business decisions.
¢ Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records.
¢ Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.
e Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.
e Offered simple. clear explanations to help clients and families understand hospital policies and procedures.
¢ Organized patient records and database to facilitate information storage and retrieval.
© Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals.
e Worked with patients to ascertain issues and make referrals to appropriate specialists.
e Recommended service improvements to minimize recurring patient issues and complaints.
¢ Kept current with literature and felid advancements to advocate to and for patients.
e Treated patients with mood disorders, anxiety, depression, OCD, LGBTQIA, bipolar, suicidal ideation & dual
diagnosis.
e Treat patient's mind, body & spirit.
e Saw an improvement in patient's self worth & self esteem, allowing them to create a meaningful and purposeful
life.

06/2013 to 01/2018 Advanced Practice Registered Nurse

New England Sinai Hospital And Rehabilitation Center — Stoughton, MA

e Evaluated patient progress and responses to various treatments.

e Assessed patient conditions by performing thorough examinations and asking appropriate medical questions.

e Provided counseling to patients and families and referred patients to other treatment facilities.

« Recommended medications and other treatments such as physical therapy and inhalers for variety of different
health conditions.

e Established and implemented developmental screening initiatives to detect delays in young children.

e Diagnosed and responded to illnesses and physical conditions through prescription of medication and health
counseling and education.

e Explained side effects from medications and provided in-depth education to patients on diabetes, asthma, cancer
and other diseases.

© Ordered lab tests and interpreted test results and maintained patient records.

¢ Provided anticipatory guidance to pediatric patients and families concerning areas such as vaccine administration,
developmental milestones and nutrition and hygiene practices.

¢ Formulated plans of care to optimize child's health potential and minimize physical and psychological
complications.

e Evaluated child's response to treatment through phone calls and follow up visits.

e Delivered high level of care and service to patients through email, video chat and online assessments.

e Assessed, evaluated and cared for neonate and pediatric patients.

¢ Evaluated patient histories, complaints and current symptoms.

e Explained medications and side effects to patients, family members and caregivers, and thoroughly reviewed
physician-ordered tests.

e Recorded patient medical history, applicable test results and vitals into medical records.

e Discussed care plans with patients and explained test results and proper use of medications.

01/2013 to 06/2014 Registered nurse

University Health Care — City, STATE

e Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while managing rapidly
changing conditions.

e Educated patients, families and caregivers on diagnosis and prognosis, treatment options, disease process and
management and lifestyle options.

¢ Trained new nurses in proper techniques, care standards, operational procedures and safety protocols.

e Provided direct patient care, stabilized patients and determined next course of action.

e Administered medications via oral, [V and intramuscular injections and monitored responses.

e Implemented medication and IV administration, catheter insertion and airway management.

¢ Managed care from admission to discharge.

e Administered medications and treatment to patients and monitored responses while working with healthcare teams
to adjust care plans.

© Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared for lab testing.

© Updated patient charts with data such as medications to keep records current and support accurate treatments.

¢ Monitored patient condition by interpreting and tracking EKG readings, identifying irregular telemetry readings
and updating team members on changes in stability or acuity.

¢ Monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented findings.

¢ Organized and managed care of patients undergoing various therapies and procedures.

e Conferred with physicians to discuss diagnoses and devise well-coordinated treatment approaches.

e Evaluated healthcare needs, goals for treatment and available resources of each patient and connected to optimal
providers and care.

e Advocated for patients by communicating care preferences to practitioners, verifying interventions met treatment
goals and identifying insurance coverage limitations.

e Taught patients how to improve lifestyle choices, dramatically reducing chance of symptom reoccurrence.

e Teach and prepare parents and other family members to care for their newborn with confidence in their home.

06/2002 to 12/2012 Registered Nurse

Company Name — City, State

e Position of teacher and leader which included being a fill in charge nurse, preceptor of new hires and nursing
students

e Established in assessment, counseling, education regarding medications, treatment and lab work

¢ Proficient in documentation with care plan for diagnosis

e Built positive relationships with patients, family members, physicians and other medical professionals

e In-depth knowledge of the neonatal medical terminology and development

¢ Sound knowledge of handling and working of the high tech equipments such as incubators, ventilators etc

e Proficient ability to handle the infants with full care and safety

© Member of the Clinical Council committee to help assist patient, family and nurse satisfaction.

¢ Participated in nursing simulation activities, evidence-based practice project implementation and competency
development to further nursing education.

e Provided didactic and clinical instructions to orient new nurses and potential student nurses to achieve training
outcomes.

¢ Secured controlled narcotics and distributed medication on schedule to meet patient needs and minimize misuse
opportunities.

¢ Contributed substantially to successful department JCAHO accreditation by consistently operating to highest
standards of care.

e Provided direct patient care, stabilized patients and determined next course of action.

e Trained new nurses in proper techniques, care standards, operational procedures and safety protocols.

e Audited charts and reviewed clinical documents to verify accuracy.

¢ Led successful team comprised of RNs, LPNs and ancillary staff.

e Orchestrated quality-driven, cost-effective care in high-volume trauma center setting.

EpucaTIon
05/2014 Master of Science: Nursing

Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY
05/2009 Bachelor of Science: Nursing

University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT
05/2002 Associate of Science: Nursing

Salt Lake Community College - Salt Lake City, Ut
05/2002 Associate of Applied Science: Nursing

Salt Lake Community College - Salt Lake
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e 2013- Penn State Hershey Medical Center, 40 bed unit, Level IV, completed 300 clinical hours.
e 2013- StonyBrook Medical Center, 50 bed unit, Level IV, completed 300 clinical hours.

e 2012-University of Utah Medical Center, 50 bed unit, Level II, completed 300 clinical hours.

e Employee of the month

AFFILIATIONS

AFFILIATION: National Association of Neonatal Nurses