JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am seeking to gain a position where with the use of my experience, skills, and knowledge; I can be a valued asset, and help promote personal
growth and fostering positive outcomes.

SKILLS
e Administrative Support e CPR/First-aid certified
* Data entry e Social skills development
e Case Management e Child's CPR certified
¢ Curriculum planning e Managing activities
¢ Individualized support e Effectively work with parents
¢ Motor skill development e Effective listening
e Lesson planning e Calm and patient
EXPERIENCE

Home Visit/Family Advocate. 10/2019 - Current
Common Spirit — Gold River, CA
e Work daily as a home visitor for expectant mothers, infants and toddlers and their families .
¢ Complete documentation of home visits, socialization experiences and other relevant activities.
e Assist with selecting, developing, and preparing appropriate instructional material for the family.
* Conduct developmental screenings and assessments.
e Advocate for families as needed, support them in advocating for themselves and referral services.
e Case management.
e Maintain up to date files and client records in designated client tracking software.
¢ Identified children in need of extra support for emotional, health-related or developmental concerns and conceived improvement strategies.
e Taught children foundational skills such as colors, shapes and letters.
e Implemented hands-on, play-based strategies such as games and crafts for experiential learning.
¢ Collaborated with parents to develop and maintain strong support networks and build rapport to foster seamless communication.
¢ Promoted good behaviors by using positive reinforcement methods.
¢ Developed appropriate youth curriculum in alignment with cultural and developmental needs.
e Managed schedule of group activities, and special events.

Recreational Therapist/Social Services Assistant, 08/2016 - 09/2019
Nadap Nys Inc. — New York, NY
e Assist with activities of daily living
e Help to develop and implement exercise routines for residents.
e Assist and plan trips/ activities with residents.
* Schedule appointments and other administrative duties as needed.
e Maintain a clean environment for residents.
e Assist with use of medical equipment, supplies and devices as needed.
e Exhibit patience and understand when dealing with residents needs.
e Assess residents for memory and mood assessments.
e Make referrals to the proper agencies.
e Planned therapeutic and recreation activities aligned with abilities, interests and therapy objectives.
¢ Coordinated care with patients’ family members and caregivers while communicating short and long-range goals.
¢ Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

* Created new programs that resulted in increasing productivity and consumer satisfaction

Certified Home Health Aide, 10/2012 - 06/2013
Key Home Care — City, STATE
e Assisted with patient care and monitoring.
e Prepared meals.
e Assisted with personal hygiene and bathing.
e Assisted with use of medical equipment, supplies and devices.
e Exhibited patience and understanding when dealing with patient needs.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
¢ Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients for smooth, quality care.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
* Helped transition patient between bed, wheelchair and automobile to provide safe mobility support.
e Planned optimal meals based on established nutritional plans.
e Ran errands for clients and drove to appointments to maintain wellness and support daily living needs.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.

Receptionist/Secretary, 02/2011 - 07/2012
Plainfield Senior Citizen Service Center — City, STATE
« Appointment scheduling.
e Data entry and analysis.
e Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.
¢ Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging
schedules.
¢ Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
e Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.
e Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.
© Provided clerical support to all team members to improve office efficiency and enhance productivity.
¢ Directed and oversaw daily activities of office personnel.

e Greeted customers, answered general questions and directed to appropriate locations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Associate of Science: Social Services, 05/2019

Union County College - Cranford, NJ

CHHA Homemaker License: 02/2012
Bradford Institute - Elizabeth, New Jersey

Medical Assistant Diploma: 04/2007

Drake College of Business - Elizabeth. New Jersey
¢ Medical code and billing
¢ Medical terminology
e EKG

High School Diploma: 06/2006
Plainfield High School - Plainfield. NJ