JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Talented trainer providing team leadership, planning and organizational skills built during successful career. Smoothly equip employees to
independently handle daily functions and meet customer needs. Collaborative leader with dedication to partnering with coworkers to promote
engaged, empowering work culture. Documented strengths in building and maintaining relationships.

SKILLS
e Issue Reporting and Resolution e Performance Tracking and Evaluations
e Evidence Organization e Administration and Reporting
e Feedback Incorporation ¢ Complex Problem-Solving
e Issue and Conflict Resolution e¢ Managing Multiple Priorities
« Employee Coaching and Motivation e Training and Development Skills
Work History

03/2015 to 06/2022 Executive Client Relations Advocate

Brady Corporation — Lowell, MA

e Achieved production goals through effective use of conflict resolution and empathy skills.

e Researched, investigated, analyzed and completed due diligence to resolve client feedback and concerns quickly
and efficiently.

© Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

¢ Organized supporting documentation for evaluation and coordinated information transfers to appropriate team
members.

¢ Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding service standard goals,
resulting in consistent 98% customer satisfaction rating..

e Increased efficiency and team productivity by promoting best practices

* Conducted internal research to determine client's eligibility for compensation.

* Scored in top 5% of employees for successful resolution and retention.

e Assisted clients in navigating documentation and website.

e Maintained positive relationships with team members, leaders and directors relevant to loan origination
operations.

* Created professional and error-free business correspondence to communicate with clients and senior leadership.

¢ Completed physical and digital reporting on Workday activities.

* Coordinated and provided direct support for escalated clients.

e Educated new team members on processes, services and conflict resolution strategies.

* Cross-trained existing employees to maximize team knowledge and performance.

e Evaluated employees’ strengths and assigned tasks based upon experience and training.

© Delivered feedback regarding employee performance and training needs.

e Provided customer feedback to develop process improvements and support long-term business needs.

¢ Maximized productivity by keeping detailed records of daily progress and identifying and rectifying areas for
improvement.

e Reviewed performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels.

« Responded proactively and positively to rapid change.

06/2014 to 03/2015 Customer Retention Specialist

Cu* Answers, Inc. — Grand Rapids, MI

e Adhered to appropriate scripting when required.

¢ Received calls from existing customers for business retention.

© Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

e Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints quickly.

« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

© Met customer call guidelines for service levels, handle time and productivity.

¢ Educated customers about billing, payment processing and support policies and procedures.

¢ Promoted superior experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

e Answered daily average of 100 calls, emails and faxes per day, addressing customer inquiries, solving problems
and providing product information.

¢ Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding service standard goals.

¢ Communicated professionally with colleagues and clients.

¢ Investigated and resolved accounting, service and delivery concerns.

e Facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support.

* Resolved technology and service issues over phone with customers daily.

e Assessed caller accounts to determine financial benefits, identify service needs and resolve issues.

* Bolstered customer retention by creating and offering unique discount options and inspiring interest in new
product lines.

¢ Scored in top 10% of employees for successful resolution and retention.

01/2012 to 02/2014 Collections Specialist

EDUCATION

05/1994

Asset Acceptance LLC — City, STATE

e Negotiated to collect balance in full

e Adhered to appropriate legal scripting

e Delivered exceptional customer service on collection calls and maintained calm and professional demeanor.
¢ Processed payments and applied to customer balances.

¢ Counseled debtors on payment options and arranged installment agreements.

¢ Monitored accounts for compliance with established payment plans and followed up on non-compliances.

© Used probing techniques to determine debtors’ reasons for delinquency.

e Worked in call center environment handling average of 150 manual and automatically dialed outbound calls.
© Used skip tracing and other techniques to locate debtors.

e Coached new team members on scripts, company services and collection strategies.

e Discussed options with delinquent clients in terms of proposed solutions.

¢ Set up drafts and processed immediate payments after conducting thorough research and analysis of account.
* Collected documents and made portfolios for accounts.

e Achieved production goals through effective use of conflict resolution and empathy skills.

e Researched, analyzed and settled disputes.

High School Diploma
Lakeville High School - Otisville. MI