PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hardworking Advocate working diligently on behalf of [Type] persons to obtain necessary assistance. Skilled
in coordinating files and resources to meet routine and complex needs. Effective under pressure and in
stressful situations. Knowledgeable! Reliable employee. Offering excellent communication and good
judgment.

Very self motivated young man from the greater Seattle area,| have been very lucky to be able to learn from
some great people along my Journey. | feel that | can provide instant value to any work place.

« Maintaining Client Records « Reading Comprehension
« Implementing Client Care Plans e Complex Problem-Solving
« Issue Reporting e« Detailed Activity Logs
« Teamwork and Collaboration e Attentive and Observant
« Issue and Conilict Resolution e Public Safety and Security
« Performance Tracking and Evaluations « Screening Wands
e« Scheduling and Coordinating e Crisis Situations
« Managing Employee Relations e Stationary Surveillance
e« Shrinkage Prevention e Checking Credentials
« Timelines and Milestones e Foot and Vehicle Patrol
© ADVOCATE 01/2022 to CURRENT

State University Of New York At Cobleskill | Cobleskill, NY

e Worked effectively with fellow team members to coordinate effective solutions to any question or
concern.

¢ Supported individuals with legal, physical or mental health concerns in dealing with routine needs and
complex problems.

e Organized supporting documentation for individuals under evaluation and coordinated paperwork
transfers to correct staff members.

e Onboarded and monitored program participants and guided each through entry-level stages.

e Reached out to individuals eligible for services to solicit applications and offer assistance.

e Conducted pre-screening activities to help determine eligibility for [Type].

e Assisted interested parties in navigating admissions procedures and dealing with eligibility issues.

e Maintained positive relationships with service providers and [Job title]s relevant to [Type] program
operations.

e Managed required paperwork to help individuals sign up for [Type] services.

e Created professional and error-free business correspondence to communicate with prospective and
currently enrolled participants.

SEQURITY OFFICER 11/2021 to 05/2022
Department Of The Interior | Medford, OR

e Greeted guests professionally and courteously to cultivate welcoming atmosphere while making safety
top priority.

e Oversaw daily monitoring and patrolled buildings, grounds, and work sites.

e Patrolled and monitored premises in company vehicle, on bicycle and by foot.

e Checked and verified photo identification prior to granting facility access.

e Secured personal and company goods against robbery, vandalism and illegal entry.

e Drafted reports of property damage, theft, accidents and unusual occurrences to document daily
activities and irregularities.

e Permitted entry with escort for approved persons into secure locations.

e Reviewed camera and system feeds and alerted proper respondents regarding discrepancies.

CfOHIER 10/2018 to 07/2021
Los Angeles County | Los Angeles, CA

e Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with excellent accuracy levels.

e Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

e Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable
assistance.

e Collected and authorized payments of guests.

e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.

e Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving
discrepancies.

e Maintained cash drawer of $[Amount] or more per shift.

High School Diploma 06/2018
South Lake High School, Seattle

Please complete the following information for each of your previous employers/supervisors and/or work-
related references. Each reference you provide needs to be someone who is knowledgeable about your
employment history and can speak to your job performance, duties, etc. At least one must be a current or
former supervisor. Name: Signature:

Position Interviewing For:

| HEREBY CERTIFY that
the information provided by me herein is true and complete to the best of my knowledge. 1. Name:
Relationship: Company
Name: Job Title: Phone
Number: Email Address: Years Known:
Is this person a former supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO 2. Name:
Relationship: Company
Name: Job Title: Phone
Number: Email Address: Years Known:
ls this person a former supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO 3. Name:
Relationship: Company
Name: Job Title: Phone
Number: Email Address: Years Known:

Is this person a former supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO ALTERNATE
REFERENCES Please provided up to three additional reference in the event we're not able to connect with

your primary references listed above. 4. Name: Relationship:

Company Name: Job Title:

Phone Number: Email

Address: Years Known: Is this person a former
supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO 5. Name:
Relationship: Company Name: Job
Title: Phone Number: Email
Address: Years Known: Is this person a former
supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO 6. Name:
Relationship: Company Name: Job
Title: Phone Number: Email
Address: Years Known: Is this person a former

supervisor? (Please select one) YES NO