PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

5

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Grasps company initiatives quickly as , achieving store and personal goals. Swiftly adapts to shifting seasonal
needs, demands and priorities. Communicates trends and recommendations to customers, and provides
feedback to management. Applies effective teamwork, customer and sales skills simultaneously. Always
applies good judgment when performing duties. Dedicated Customer Service Associate committed to
providing high-quality service by listening to customers and responding quickly to satisfy their needs. Strong
interpersonal skills and understands best practices for dealing with difficult and challenging situations.

« Customer service « Data entry

« Administrative support e Cash management
« Training « Documentation

« Staff supervision e MS Office

e Recordkeeping

RESIDENT ADVOCATE 06/2019 to CURRENT
Bed Bath & Beyond | Manchester, CT

¢ Facilitated floor meetings to discuss concerns, review complaints and convey information about policy
changes.

e Strategized to improve resident care and satisfaction and held weekly meetings with directors to
advocate for resident needs.

e Provided swift and knowledgeable emergency support in line with campus crisis protocols.

e Enforced policies and safety standards through building and room rounds.

e Promoted positive relations between residents and staff.

e Managed quality assurance program including on site evaluations, internal audits and customer
surveys.

e Identified and resolved process issues to encourage smoother procedures, more efficient workflow and
overall business growth.

CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE 04/2015 to CURRENT
Marten Transport | Seaside, CA

e Provided basic technical support for clients on wide range of company products.

e Conferred with customers about concerns with products or services to resolve problems and drive
sales.

e Improved customer satisfaction ratings by addressing issues and fostering timely resolution.

e Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital
information updates.

e Evaluated customer information to explore issues, develop potential solutions and maintain high-quality
service.

e Managed customer relations and customer service through daily communication and interaction.

e Exceeded service objectives by applying proven customer service and sales best practices.

e Utilized basic sales strategy to engage customers and present solutions to suit individual needs.

e Processed accurate and efficient sales and return transactions to facilitate customer satisfaction.

e Assisted with price verifications and implemented adjustments for discounts or promotions.

H@_ME CHILDCARE PROVIDER 04/2000 to 09/2018
Erickson Living | Pompton Plains, NJ

e Created and implemented diverse educational strategies to boost development.

e Enforced rules and managed behavior through developmentally appropriate discipline.

e Maintained effective schedule balance between rest periods, active play and instruction.

e Prepared healthy foods and beverages for children based on optimal dietary guidelines and individual
restrictions.

e Applied positive behavior management techniques to enhance social interactions and emotional
development.

e Kept notes of behavior issues, food served and medications administered to children.

e Sanitized dishes, tabletops, toys and frequently touched surfaces to prevent spreading of germs.

e Monitored entrances and exits to maintain safety and organized environments.

e Observed play activities to identify positive behaviors and areas in need of improvement, implementing
behavior redirection where appropriate.

e Taught children to organize toys, wash hands and leading by example.

e Met with parents about daily activities, positive developments and issues.

e Planned and guided age-appropriate tasks like reading, crafts,

HC_JSEKEEPING TEAM LEAD 08/2012 to 01/2015
Millard Mall Service | City, STATE

« Completed schedules, shift reports and other business documentation.

« Communicated repair needs to maintenance staff.

« Evaluated employee performance and developed improvement plans.

« Trained and mentored all new personnel to maximize quality of service and performance.

e Managed staff of [Number] housekeepers.

e« Drove improvements to workflow and room turnover with hands-on, proactive management style.

e Utilized chemicals and cleaning equipment in accordance with safety protocols and proper operating
standards.

e« Assigned housekeeping Staff to specific shifts and room blocks based on abilities and daily
requirements.

e« Coordinated household cleaning service operations, including driving business development and
managing client relations.

e Worked with front desk to respond promptly to all guest requests.

« Managed team productivity and workflow to exceed quality standards.

e« Maintained controls over expenses and inventory for optimal budget tracking.

High School Diploma 05/2003
Mccluer North High School