JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dependable professional eager to apply time management, customer service, and organizational skills in new environment. Quick learner who

thrives in executing client visions. Actively pursuing part-time role opportunities to implement creative flair and eye for artistry

SKILLS AND TRAINING

¢ Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) * Community partnership development
* Google Apps Suite (Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides) ¢ Relationship building
e Strong written and oral communication skills in English and « Youth mentorship
Spanish © Motivational Interviewing
¢ Data analysis and reporting © Policy and procedure improvements
* Organized and detail-oriented © Meeting facilitation
¢ Program/Tnitiative leadership e Trained in equitable and trauma-informed practices
e Effective protocol development e First Ald/CPR/AED Certified through American Red Cross

e Event coordination

EXPERIENCE

BILINGUAL FAMILY/STUDENT ADVOCATE & ADVISOR, 08/2018 - Current
NEW LEGACY CHARTER SCHOOL - City, STATE
e Work independently and collaboratively with school staff to develop systems to address student needs at Title I high school.
* Create strategic materials and programming surrounding engagement, attendance, and inclusivity initiatives and facilitate presentations to
staff to maximize usage of available resources.
¢ Regularly record and pull reports on attendance and grant data in order to inform adaptations of new or existing systems.
e Serve as a liaison, establishing interpersonal relationships with diverse population of students and families to advocate for their needs with
school staff/community organizations.
* Organize monthly engagement events for students and families.
* Create communications materials/scripts to market events.
¢ Establish partnerships with community organizations; bring active programming into the school, including Art Lives Here with the Denver
Art Museum.
e Serve as an academic advisor to group of 20+ students.

BILINGUAL STUDENT SERVICES COORDINATOR, 03/2018 - 08/2018
COLORADO SCHOOL OF ENGLISH — City, STATE
* Organized weekly off-site engagement activities and quarterly community volunteer events.
e Facilitated weekly new student orientations.
* Served as primary point of contact for potential and attending adult international students learning English as a second language.
¢ Connected students to community resources.

e Utilized Quickbooks to receive tuition payments and run weekly reports.

BILINGUAL IMMIGRATION PARALEGAL, 03/2017 - 02/2018
ALBUJA LAW, LLC — City, STATE
e Prepared and organized client immigration legal case forms and personal documents for Adjustment of Status, VAWA, U- Visa, I-130,
DACA, and Waiver of Inadmissibility cases.
e Developed system processes to simplify work, standardize procedures and help team operate more efficiently and effectively.
e Interpreted legal forms and verbal communications in Spanish to enable client understanding of immigration process.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, Spanish, 05/2015
Wittenberg University - Springfield, OH