CAREER OVERVIEW

CORE STRENGTHS ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WORK EXPERIENCE

EDUCATIONAL
BACKGROUND

SKILLS ©

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sales, account
management and training. | have over 15 years of experience in retail, real estate, medical, insurance and
sales customer service.

e Strong organizational skills e Invoice processing
« Seasoned in conflict resolution e« Adaptive team player
« Sharp problem solver e Telecommunication skills

« Energetic work attitude

e« Large cash/check deposits expert
e« Customer service expert

« Telephone inquiries specialist

Customer Assistance
« Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks,
working overtime as needed.
Quality Communication
e Interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in US and Puerto Rico, ensuring reliable and high-speed delivery to
residential and small-business customers.
Computed Data Reports
e Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
Sales
« Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Customer Service
e« Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Multi-tasking
« Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow.
Database Maintenance
e Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members’
information.

CUSTOMER ADVOCATE 02/2010 to 2011
Ally | Pittsburgh, PA

e Responsible for working on the phone all day in a call center to assist members and physicians by
responding to telephone and written inquiries in a prompt, accurate and objective manner * Spending
approximately 90% of the scheduled time on the phone according to business need,customer service*
Experience working with various lines of business. ie.

e CDHP Medicare, Wellness. and Disease ManagementDuties include Medical Claims Billing & Coding.
Medical Benefit Quotes* Conducting research.as well as a vast knowledge of medical terminology and
anatomy* Data entry and typing * Interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.* Analytical and
organizational skills and independent decision making skills.

CLTOMER SERVICE AGENT 03/2002 to 09/2002
Wipro Ltd. | Raleigh, NC

e Greet and check-in passengers* Check-in passenger baggage* Assist passengers with misplaced
baggage* Verify passenger departure documentation* Assist unaccompanied minors (UMs)* Comply
with all security requirements* Reschedule passengers with flight interruptions* Assist passengers on
arriving international flights* Documentation for all international departures* Produce all required, work-
related documentation* Monitors (CRTs) and keyboards for passenger processing (carrier supplied)*
Carrier specific reservation/ticketing software * scales for weighing passenger baggage * Ticket and
baggage tag printing equipment.

PACENT CARE ASSISTANT TECHNICIAN 10/2000 to 12/2000
BRIGHTON GARDENS | City, STATE

e Provide basic patient care including Assisting with patient care, planning and assessments including -
recording vital signs, height, weight, input output, collect and test specimens, report and record
patient's condition and patient treatments.* Check deliver food trays, assist with feeding the patient if
necessary, and refill water and ice* Assist patients with their mobility - turn and positioning, do range of
motion exercises, transferring patients to and from wheelchair, assist with ambulation* Discontinuation of
IV's, Clean and Irrigate lacerations Set up Rapid Infuser, Heptafiler Setup* Answer phones * Locate
equipment * Transport Non Critical Patients and Assist with Critical Patients* Foley Catheters Dressing
Changes and Feed patients assist with Comfort Measures / Safety Measures* Attend to the Psyche
patients and Escort patients to treatment areas, Clean Rooms, Collect specimens. Chest Tube Setups
Relieve MR's, Clinitech Documentation and collection Change Sharp boxes and 02's * Decontamination
procedures * EKG's, Assist with O2 delivery, Clean Instruments and Post-Mortem Care* Copy charts for
admissions Splint Assistance, Suction, Crutch Walking Instructions and Adjustments take Vital Signs *
Assist with Pelvic Exams perform Phlebotomy.

Patient Care 10/2000
Maric College, San Diego, Ca

GPA: GPA: 3.0 GPA: 3.5

GPA: 3.0 GPA: 3.5

Cu_a LaudeRelevant Coursework, Licenses and Certifications:PATIENT CARE ASSISTANT 2004
TECHNICIAN / CERTIFIED NURSES ASSISTANT | Paraleglal

Penn Foster, Scranton, PA

anatomy, basic, Billing, call center, charts, Interpersonal, CA, customer service, Data entry, decision making,
delivery, Documentation, EKG's, medical terminology, Monitors, organizational skills, Paralegal, Assist
patients, PATIENT CARE, Phlebotomy, positioning, Coding, range of motion, research, Safety, SAN, Collect
specimens, TECHNICIAN, telephone, phone, Answer phones, typing. take Vital Signs, recording vital signs,
weighing, written, written communication skillsProfessional and friendlyCareful and active listenerStrong public
speakerMulti-tasking