Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; [nfo@awikresume, corm

Website : www. qwikresume,corm

Patient Care Advocate Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Seeking gainful employment with a reputable organization in order to successfully cormplete
apprenticeship and become a valued company employee, Goal is to undertake tasks and
assignments that will enable to learn all the skills on offer in order to become an effective
employee. Also to complete all job related studies in order to broaden experience and
understanding about the company, products / services so that may provide excellent custorner
service.

SKILLS

Suggestive selling and Consultative sales, Superior.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Patient Care Advocate
ABC Corporation - May 2014 - January 2015

» Worked to research and resolve problems in a timely manner,

* Assisted mernbers in understanding and maximizing the use of thelr pharmacy distribution
program,

* Used cornputerized system to gather information and respond to questions.

* Documented issues and resolutions in a common database.

+ Handled Inbound and outbound member, provider and physician calls.

* Answered questions related to pharmacy benefits, while maintaining productivity standards

and performance guarantees where applicable,
* Ensured the privacy of mernbers and maintain security of their information using HIPAA

policies.

Patient Care Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2009- 2014

» Answer incoming calls from Patients regarding their pharmacy benefits and mail order
pharmacy.

» Assist patients with Inquiries regarding benefits, such as eligibility, copay, deductible, out-of
pocket costs,

* Locate retail pharmacies for patients and provide location details.

* Provide direct rnernber reirmbursernent information and ranual clairns status,

* Assist patients with mail order requests, such as new registration, prescription refills, order
status, etc,

* Fariliarize patients with ES| website and promote the benefits of using website for refills.

+ Serve as the patients contact to Billing Hotline for the resolution of mall order billing issues,

EDUCATION
Cosmetology - 2009(Acadery of Technology and Acadernics Conway - Conway, SC)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines