JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

My objective is to obtain a position that will allow me to use my experience and skills in a company that can benefit from my work ethic and

where I can secure a career.

SKILLS

¢ Project planning and development ¢ Professional phone etiquette
* Customer relations specialist e Excellent communication skills
e Process improvement e Database management
* Quality assurance and control e Articulate and well-spoken
* Organized e Customer service-oriented
e Unsurpassed work ethic e Flexible
e Results-oriented e Accurate and detailed
¢ Dependable e Excellent planner and coordinator
e Natural leader © Works well under pressure
e Finance background ¢ Pleasant demeanor
¢ Employee relations
e Performance evaluations
* Work flow planning
¢ Detail-oriented
e Project management

Work HIsToRy

Client Advocate, 10/2012

Willis Towers Watson — Mount Laurel, NJ

Responsible for answering inbound calls from clients with questions relating to their enrollment in the Freedom Financial Program, while
providing the highest levels of service. This includes, but not limited to: client service requests, outbound client phone calls, voice mails, emails,

faxes, noting client accounts and interacting with internal departments.

Saves Team (trainer and emails), new advocate mentoring (side by sides) Incoming email support, NPS Survey outbound response, "Floor

Walker", assist management with client concerns to defuse escalated issues.

Personal Banker IL 02/2012 - 10/2012
Frost — Fort Worth, TX
Generate new business by networking in surrounding communities. Open new accounts and close loans manage client database, cross train

Customer Service Representatives on the benefits of referrals.

Retail Banking Specialist, 06/2011 - 02/2012

First International Bank & Trust — Grand Forks, ND
e Work with new and existing clients to invest monies to specific Money Market, Savings and IRA accounts.
¢ Help guide and develop plan of action to insure financial growth.

Service Banker, 05/2004 - 04/2011

Country Club Bank — Lees Summit, MO

Administrative Assistant to Vice President of Retail Banking for South East Valley: scheduling, maintain business files, A/P. A/R, organize and
facilitate meetings, decision making, manage financial and all banking reports Liaison for all Tellers, Personal Bankers, Financial Advisor’s and
Outside Vendors, Service clients, open new accounts, close loans (Retail/Commercial), troubleshoot and research banking errors.Generate new

business by networking in surrounding communities.

Call Center Lead, 2003 - 2004
Metlife — Omaha, NE
e Interview and test applicants for open call center positions Monitor and Train call center associates Customer service and manage client
database Trouble shoot problems.

Personal Banker IT, 1996 - 2003
Frost — Addison, TX
e Generate new business by networking in surrounding communities.

e Open new accounts and close loans Manage client database Cross train Customer Service Representatives on the benefits of referrals.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts: Banking and Finance, 1998
Phoenix College - Phoenix. AZ
2010 Graduate of M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank -Customer Service Manager Development Program.