JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Personable and proactive professional focused on building positive rapport with diverse range of clients. Critical thinker thrives under
pressure. Dedicated Customer Service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to
maintaining professional relationships to increase profitability and drive business results. Specialist in working with clients struggling with
anxiety, depression, and parenting issues.

Experience in Hospital and Law Enforcement settings.

Strengths in communication and collaboration. Adept at managing concurrent objectives to promote efficiency and influence positive
outcomes. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal, and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines every
time. Industrious administrative team member with proven organizational, time management, and multitasking abilities. Consistently seeks
ways to increase office efficiency and boost team productivity with exceptional clerical support. Skillfully manages records and financial
processes. Caring Teacher with expertise in behavior modztfication and experience in long-term student success. Dedicated to individualized
student care.

SKILLS
¢ Critical thinking e Mood disorders knowledge
¢ Conflict resolution e Emergency response training
e Flexible © Behavioral therapy
¢ Problem resolution e Family maintenance
¢ Decision-making e Child welfare and protective services
« Active listening e Grief processes
¢ Troubleshooting ¢ Confidential documentation and recordkeeping
¢ Excellent customer service skills ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
¢ Charting and clinical documentation e Courteous with Strong Service Mindset
e Researching skills e Responding to Difficult Customers
¢ Handle with Care training e Understanding Customer Needs
¢ PPE use * Calm and Professional Under Pressure
¢ Reliable and trustworthy
Work History

02/2023 to Current Lead Teacher
Visiting Nurse Service Of New York — Holly Springs, NC

e Planned and implemented different daily activities to enhance overall development and growth of every student.

¢ Communicated frequently with parents about student growth and progress, recommending at-home reinforcement
to support struggling students.

e Maintained patience and level-headedness in diverse situations to support student development and personal
growth.

e Conferred with parents about student progress to boost family involvement and enhance student support.

e Organized rooms in line with current educational thinking to maximize educational opportunities for students.

08/2022 to 01/2023 Customer Relationship Advocate
General Dynamics — Durham, North Carolina
e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.
e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.
e Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants.
e Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

08/2010 to 10/2014 Mental Health Specialist II
Brookdale Senior Living

e Applied Cognitive and Behavioral modalities for therapeutic interventions.

e Adhered to HIPAA confidentiality requirements by safeguarding files.

e Prepared reports based on direct observation as well as client centered diagnostic tools.

¢ Led patients in group sessions.

© Collected client information through interviews, observations and tests.

e Assisted clients in overcoming dependencies, adjusting to change and removing bad habits.

¢ Demonstrated sensitivity and competence in treating patients from diverse backgrounds.

¢ Documented observations, interventions, and concems in patient charts and electronic systems, sustaining
continuum of care from admission through to discharge.

e Assisted clients with identifying feelings and behaviors by asking open-ended questions.

¢ Conducted 15-minute and unscheduled checks on patients, immediately responding to hazardous incidents or crises
to maintain safe milieu.

e Helped clients deal with substance abuse, mental illness and other concerns by delivering personalized counseling
support.

e Facilitated weekly group sessions focused on various issues to help groups and individuals.

e Encouraged and reassured clients throughout transitions to facilitate smooth discharge.

e Checked facility for open windows, locked doors and malfunctioning smoke detectors to maintain client safety.

¢ Utilized crisis intervention, behavior modification and mindfulness techniques to decrease client mental health
symptoms.

e Implemented positive behavior supports for individuals to maximize current living situation.

e Interacted with families and therapists to inform each party of client's progress within treatment program.

e Observed and reported changes in client appearance, behavior or ability to work toward treatment plan goals.

e Executed appropriate risk-assessment and mitigation strategies.

e Tracked client movement on and off unit by documenting times and destinations of clients.

04/2010 to 09/2010 Office Assistant III
Anchorage School District

¢ Offered diverse clerical support to the Technical Crimes Unit investigators and staff.

e Consistently worked with confidential materials and evidence within a secure facility.

¢ Processed payroll and reports using databases such as: the Alaska Public Safety Information Network (APSIN),
National Crime Information Center (NCIC), National Law Enforcement Telecommunication System (NLETS), and
the Alaska Statewide Accounting System (AKSAS). among other programs.

¢ Collected investigator expense receipts, scanned and reported to the State Fiscal Office.

e Made orders for new office supplies based on demand and budgetary restraints.

e Tracked individual investigator training and medical files, scheduling necessary appointments and/or training.

¢ Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout office.

e Organized files, developed spreadsheets, scanned documents, reports, and case files.

¢ Coordinated travel arrangements by booking hotel rooms, car rentals and flights for staff.

02/2010 to 04/2010 Nursing Assistant
Company Name

e Managed supplies and restocked inventory to promote optimal availability for patient care.

e Maintained sanitary conditions by providing immediate wound care and dressing changes.

e Assessed vitals and noted medical information to report changes to nursing staff and physicians.

¢ Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.

e Recognized and reported abnormalities or changes in patients’ health status to nursing staff for immediate
assessment.

¢ Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical
administration.

© Took patients' blood pressure, temperature and pulse and documented height and weight.

e Delivered high level of care to every patient.

EpucaTIon
05/1992 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology

University of Alaska Anchorage - Anchorage. AK
CERTIFICATIONS

© Citizen Academy Certification, Anchorage Police Department - 2005
e Master Gardener Certification, Alaska Cooperative Extension Service - 2005