JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am a dependable team member trained in register operations and customer service. Contributes to smooth front-end operations and goes
beyond requirements to handle customer needs. Reliable. team-oriented, and efficiently completes assignments. Proven skills in promoting
products and boosting revenue by connecting with customers and effectively communicating sales recommendations. Well-organized, reliable
and experienced in setting up displays, restocking shelves and supporting in-store customers with knowledgeable assistance. Enhance store
loyalty with unparalleled support.

T also have two years experience as a domestic violence advocate. I am a compassionate Advocate with outstanding communication skills. Goes
extra mile to provide assistance to victims of abuse through understanding and support.

SKILLS
e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures ¢ Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise © Product promotions
EXPERIENCE

Advocate, 11/2020 - Current
Bcfs — Poteet, TX
e Performed research to respond to inquiries and interpret policy provisions.
e Assisted participants in achieving financial goals by creating spending plans and budgets.
e Advocated for victims during difficult situations by connecting to needed services.
¢ Completed reports, paperwork and documentation accurately and on time.
* Used knowledge of successful crisis intervention techniques and supportive problem-solving to achieve treatment goals.
e Acted as role model for clients by exhibiting positive behaviors.
e Performed psychosocial assessments and documented casework.
e Encouraged and motivated clients to develop new coping mechanisms and techniques to drive behavior modification.
e Assisted and advocated for clients obtaining financial resources and government entitlements.
¢ Used active listening skills and supportive diction to cultivate client rapport and open communication.
¢ Drafted individual reports and maintained case files in alignment with company policies and privacy guidelines.
* Composed or prepared correspondence, case notes and narratives with computer-based applications.
e Evaluated and addressed individual client needs and concerns.

Assistant Manager, 01/2013 - 12/2020
Fedex Office — Santa Rosa, CA
¢ Led employee performance evaluations and rewarded top performers to retain quality personnel.
e Reviewed employee performance and provided ongoing feedback and coaching to drive performance improvement.
¢ Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize group productivity.
e Resolved customer inquiries and complaints requiring management-level escalation.
e Maintained inventory accuracy by counting stock-on-hand and reconciling discrepancies.
¢ Mentored staff to enhance skills and achieve daily targets, using hands-on and motivational leadership.
e Secured revenue, accurately monitoring transactions and deposits to eliminate discrepancies.
* Organized schedules, workflows and shift coverage to meet expected business demands.
e Initiated inventory control measures to manage and replenish stock, maintain cost levels and meet customer demand.
e Directed and led employees, supervising activities to drive productivity and efficiency.
¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
e Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance.
* Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.
e Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.
¢ Mediated conflicts between employees and facilitated effective resolutions to disputes.
¢ Completed inventory audits to identify losses and project demand.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.
e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
* Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
¢ Received and displayed product shipments on store retail shelves upon delivery.
e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock items.
¢ Developed trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.
* Collected payments and provided accurate change.
e Engaged customers in friendly, professional dialogue to determine needs.

Home Care Provider, 02/2007 - 08/2010
Spruce Finance — Boulder, CO
¢ Greeted patients and families with enthusiastic, compassionate attitude to establish long-term professional relationships.
e Tracked and reported clients' progress based on observations and conversations.
* Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
* Helped clients with personal needs from exercise to bathing and personal grooming.
e Prepared high-quality nutritious meals for patients to promote better overall health and improve eating habits.
¢ Monitored client behaviors and emotional states, reporting concerns to case manager and documenting information in files.
« Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
e Interacted with patients through games and fun activities to boost mood and improve overall memory.
¢ Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.
e Reported concerns to nurse supervisor to promote optimal care.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
¢ Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients to facilitate smooth, quality care.
e Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
e Assisted patients with personal care to alleviate burden on family members.
¢ Observed patient vital signs and medication reactions and reported health concerns or behavioral changes.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.
¢ Followed care plan and directions to administer medications.

e Monitored medications for patients with various conditions and kept watchful eye for side effects.

Sales Associate, 06/2002 - 05/2007
Jordan's Kwik Stop — City, STATE
e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
¢ Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
e Assessed customer needs to provide assistance and information on product features.
e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
e Received and displayed product shipments on store retail shelves upon delivery.
e Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.
e Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
¢ Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.
e Developed trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.
¢ Increased purchase amounts by cross-selling with similar products.
e Adhered to company initiatives and achieved established goals.
¢ Collected payments and provided accurate change.
e Engaged customers in friendly, professional dialogue to determine needs.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Certificate: Retail Sales, 12/1993

Gary Job Corps - San Marcos, TX

GED: 02/1991
White River Vo-Tech - Newport, AR