JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Knowledgeable patient representative offers demonstrated skills in case management and service coordination. Expertly handles complaints.
inquiries and service questions to meet patients’ access needs and correct problems related to care. Well-versed in policies, procedures and
standards. Hardworking and reliable with strong ability in helping others. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented
mentality. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking
entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

SKILLS

¢ Medical billing * Cash handling

¢ Recording histories e Customer Service

* Bookkeeping support e Payment processing

¢ Basic math e Issue resolution

¢ Customer service e ID verification

* Conflict resolution © Cash drawer balancing

¢ People skills © Ordering and stocking

e Flexible schedule * Cash counting machine operations

¢ Active listening e Customer communications

« Organizational skills e Call center operations

e Training & development e System documentation

¢ Multitasking e Account updating

* Good work ethic © Data entry

« Appointment confirmation ¢ Data gathering

* Medical filing © Quality control

« Business development support © Call control skills

« Team building e Report preparation

e Friendly, positive attitude e Training experience

e Planning & organizing e Training and development

« Team management e Resolving issues

* Relationship building e Performance monitoring
EXPERIENCE

01/2022 to Current Consumer Care Advocate
Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. — Las Vegas, NV

¢ Communicated with insurance offices to verify service eligibility for authorization requests.

e Adjusted treatment plans based on patient progress and kept to realistic treatment goals.

¢ Conducted complex research, review and analysis of medical records, treatment plans and claim information.

e Maintained knowledge of community services and resources and referred patients to appropriate organizations.

¢ Facilitated communication between patients, medical and administrative staff, administrative staff and regulatory
agencies.

© Helped patients obtain health care services by setting up referrals.

e Explained policies. procedures and services to patients.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

¢ Received patient inquiries or complaints and directed to appropriate medical staff members.

¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

08/2018 to 12/2021 Custodian
City Of Mckinney — Mckinney, TX
e Vacuumed floors and dusted furniture to maintain organized, professional appearance.
e Wiped down various surfaces with approved cleaning products to prevent growth of bacteria and viruses.
« Wet and spot mopped to clean floors and other surfaces in public corridors.
e Checked and stocked inventory throughout facility to meet expected demands.
* Moved equipment and furniture to thoroughly clean space.
e Maintained building interiors with routine deep cleaning of high-traffic areas.
« Maintained accountability for building keys, master keys and access cards.
¢ Handled, labeled and stored various hazardous chemicals and solutions safely to prevent injuries.
© Operated industrial cleaning equipment to quickly complete custodial tasks.
e Notified building managers about needed repairs to maintain public safety.
e Gathered and emptied trash cans and disposed of bags.
¢ Cleaned floors and surfaces by sweeping, mopping. dusting and polishing.
Sanitized and deep cleaned bathroom floors and surfaces.
Mopped and waxed floors, dusted, deep cleaned bathrooms and removed trash to keep buildings in clean and
orderly condition.
Stored, used and disposed of cleaning chemicals and supplies.
e Stocked, sanitized, cleaned and inspected restrooms.
e Disposed of waste and gathered individual trash bags to place in receptacles.
¢ Dusted and wiped furniture and fixtures.
¢ Completed sweeping and vacuuming, glass cleaning and trash collecting.
© Monitored cleaning supply levels and requested reordering when inventory ran low.

¢ Read and followed company, customer and safety rules, policies and procedures.

¢ Notified superiors of damaged fixtures, dispensers and furniture or building issues.

e Maintained, sanitized and vacuumed dining area and washed kitchen floors prior to closing.
e Swept and power washed outside building to keep sidewalks and parking lot clean.

© Sorted and disposed of trash and recycling materials to keep common areas clean and organized.
e Recorded routine inspection and maintenance activities.

e Reported interior and exterior maintenance needs to managers.

e Responded promptly to requests to clean and sanitize areas after accidents.

e Responded to emergency cleaning requests to meet client expectations.

e Organized custodial closets to easily find equipment and supplies.

e Maintained inventory of cleaning supplies and documented items requiring reorder.

¢ Followed strict schedules, cleaning according to facility usage and room availability.

e Reduced cleaning time significantly while maintaining company quality standards.

e Assessed cleaning equipment and performed repairs when needed.

05/2017 to 08/2018 Call Center Agent
Woodforest Bank — Anniston, AL

e Handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and
resolving problems to maximize efficiency.

e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

¢ Managed customer expectations by clarifying needs, identifying options and recommending products and services.

© Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.

e Managed high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.

e Explained key information regarding products and services to customers to encourage informed decision-making.

e Reviewed files, records and other obtained documents to respond to customer requests.

e Maintained strong call control and quickly worked through scripts to address problems.

e Audited customer account information to identify issues and develop solutions.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.

¢ Documented customer inquiries and feedback and entered service delivery suggestions in company database.

¢ Pursued networking opportunities to advance client relations skills and enhance customer satisfaction.

e Helped clients navigate online systems within established frameworks to obtain services.

e Answered, screened and processed high volume of calls daily with call management system and web-based
communications.

¢ Implemented additional services to maintain exceptional client service ratings.

¢ Taught agents successful strategies for positively influencing customer experiences, maintaining control of call
flow and de-escalating conflicts.

e Corrected issues by giving agents targeted and highly constructive feedback.

e Tracked activity in CRM to support quality assurance.

e Resolved customer inquiries, questions and concems to consistently offer quality service and meet performance
benchmarks.

e Consulted with customers regarding needs and addressed concerns.

e Processed layaways, returns and exchanges.

e Trained and supervised new employees to promote overall team productivity and consistent service.

¢ Coordinated with various company teams to offer and implement successful solutions to customer problems.

¢ Processed customer account changes with proprietary software.

¢ Handled escalated customer service concems to preserve customer satisfaction and maintain long-term business
relationships.

e Completed high volume of outbound calls per day with above-average conversion rate.

e Leveraged reference tools and conducted trainings to improve customer service.

¢ Met and communicated with vendors to monitor product shipments. prices and backorders.

¢ Updated customer accounts, addresses and contact information within call management databases.

¢ Promoted product offerings to drive growth and exceed benchmarks.

08/2016 to 05/2017 Cashier Trainer
Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits — City, STATE
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
¢ Processed payments for customers quickly and accurately to exceed productivity standards.
¢ Helped with purchases and signed customers up for rewards program.
e Authorized discounts and special actions to resolve customer disputes and maintain satisfaction.
e Greeted customers promptly and responded to questions.
e Maintained work area and kept cash drawer organized.
e Counted and balanced cashier drawers.
e Cleaned and stocked front-end areas with register tapes and ribbons.
¢ Complied with cash handling procedures to meet regional cashier variance policy.
e Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find store items.
e Processed customer payments quickly and retumed exact change and receipts.
¢ Kept check-out areas clean, organized and well-stocked to maintain attractive store.
e Built and maintained productive relationships with employees.
¢ Trained and mentored new cashiers to maximize performance with skilled, efficient and knowledgeable team
members.
© Kept store operations efficient and tasks current by carrying out daily store opening, closing and shift change
actions in full.
e Counted drawers at start and end of shifts to validate daily records and uphold accounting accuracy.
e Restocked silverware, straws, napkins and condiments.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

08/2022 Associate of Science: Mass Communication
Northeast State Community College - Blountville. TN

05/2016 High School Diploma
Power Center Academy High School - Memphis, TN