JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Positive and upbeat Guest Advocate successful at balancing guest and business needs. Well-organized in managing coordinating services with
diverse team members. Good multitasking, planning and communication skills. Well-rounded, committed to interacting with guests and
resolving issues to propel customer satisfaction. Smoothly resolves issues, greets guests and oversees reception at busy establishments.
Polished and tolerant when handling high-stress situations using appropriate responses.

SKILLS
« Customer Service e Multitasking and Prioritization
e Issue Resolution e Responding to Difficult Customers
¢ Guest Orientation ¢ Calm and Professional Under Pressure
e Flexible Schedule e Understanding Customer Needs
¢ Promoting Services and Amenities e Efficient and Detail-Oriented
¢ Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
¢ Upbeat and Positive Personality © Order and Refund Processing
« Courteous with Strong Service Mindset © De-escalation Techniques
e Transaction Processing e Creative Problem Solving
EXPERIENCE

08/2020 to Current Guest Advocate
Gpm Investments — Kingsport, TN
e Answered phones to respond to customer inquiries and transferred calls to appropriate staff members.
¢ Promoted high level of guest satisfaction through genuine, enthusiastic and friendly interactions.
e Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.
e Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
¢ Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.
© Welcomed large volume of guests and improved overall customer service.
e Cultivated professional relationships with guests, improving customer retention through coordinated service.
e Identified issues and established facts to produce practical decisions and solutions for guests.
¢ Invited guests to join loyalty programs and special promotions to stay connected.
e Greeted and assisted guests with variety of inquiries, promoting service standards.
* Collected payments and provided accurate change.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.

11/2020 to 01/2021 Closing Expert
Home Depot — Portsmouth, RI
e Assisted with training, development and mentoring of sales employees.
¢ Delegated tasks to maintain efficient workflow.
e Recognized problems, analyzed causes and developed solutions to improve productivity and sales metrics.
¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

06/2020 to 07/2020 Cashier Team Lead
Target — City, STATE
e Assisted with training new cashiers and customer service team members to increase speed of onboarding.
e Processed payments promptly for customers to exceed productivity standards.
¢ Scanned, priced and bagged customer groceries quickly to keep lines moving.
e Rotated and merchandised products at point-of-sale to improve impulse buy rate.
e Authorized discounts and special actions to resolve customer disputes and maintain satisfaction.
e Assisted management with developing and managing employee improvement strategies to encourage exceptional
performance from staff.
e Verified customer age requirement for alcohol or tobacco purchases.
e Answered customer questions and provided store information.
¢ Oversaw work of cashiers to identify strengths and weaknesses in customer service, payment processing or
merchandising plans.
e Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
e Helped with purchases and signed customers up for rewards program.
¢ Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
¢ Monitored checkout counters and self-checkout areas to assist with complex transactions.
¢ Processed refunds for worm, damaged and broken merchandise.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

01/2019 to 01/2020 Front of Store Attendant
Target — City, STATE

¢ Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles for safety.

e Identified safety hazards and notified management to determine proper resolution of issues.

e Stored items in orderly and accessible manner in warehouse tool rooms. supply rooms, or other areas.

e Organized carts in bay after returning from parking lot.

e Engaged customers in friendly conversation, carefully handled bagged items, offered additional services and
thanked customers for business.

e Gathered and corralled shopping carts, ferried carts back to store and helped guests carry out and load larger items
or large grocery orders.

¢ Collected shopping carts and baskets from inside.

¢ Took out store trash and cleaned up parking area to keep business presentable.

e Kept entrances clean of debris or clutter, cleaned up spills throughout store, and cleaned restrooms and other
surfaces.

¢ Helped customers find stock, manned register as backup, bagged groceries and retrieved and replaced damaged
items noticed at checkout.

e Checked carts for defects and wheels for malfunctions.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2017 High School Diploma
Deerfield Beach High School - Deerfield Beach, FL

Astrophysics
Broward College - Fort Lauderdale, FL