Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Website : www. qwikre sume, corm
Certified Victim Advocate Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Certified Victim Advocate seeking a Legal Advocate position in where the skills and knowledge can
be used and enhanced to the fullest To serve the organization with the knowledge and also
enhance the skills to have a growth in the same with along terrn cornmmitrnent is the objective.
The motive Is to be a part of the organization with a willingness to accept responsibilities and
achleve challenging goals

SKILLS

Bilingual, Microsoft Office, Management, Leadership Development, Security, Training &
Development

WORK EXPERIENCE

Certified Victim Advocate
Victim Outreach Inc. - 2015 - 2019

* Provide liaison and coordination between multiple Police Departments, mental health

professions, rape crisis centers, and case follow-up.

» Reviews and assesses violent crime reports as reported to the police by crime victims,
witnesses, ete.

* Contacts victims of violent crimes (particularly domestic violence); provide information
regarding the legal process, resources (i.e, shelter care, treatment and education prograrns,
legal assistance, financial aid), and investigation process.

* Keeps statistical records of victirn contacts, Assists clients In filling out and filing protective

orders,

* Attend protective order hearings and other court proceedings with the client.

* Provides emotional support and crisis intervention for victims of crime.

* Obtain restitution inforrnation from victims and provide alternate rneans for the victim to be
compensated for darmages incurred as a result of criminal behavior.

Victim Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2010-2015

* Accompany victims to court proceedings and informs victirns about their constitutional and

statutory mandated victims rights,
* Ensure proper case docurnentation for victims services using both 4 paperbased and

computer automated case management system,
+ Maintains statistical records on victirns served and services provided.
» Assistin the delivery, explanation, and follow-up of victim impact statements,
* Keep victims informed of proceedings with the criminal justice systern.
* Serves as allalson between Victims, Prosecution and Court Staff,
* Assesses victirn needs and acts as a resource for cornmunity service referrals.

EDUCATION

B.S, in Family Studies & Hurnman Development/Thernatic - August 2005(University of Arizona)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines