JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
e Customer support and assistance e Analytical
* Community outreach e Clerical
e Multitasking ¢ People skills
e Time management e Friendly, positive attitude
¢ Active listening e Basic math
e MS Office ¢ Communication
EXPERIENCE

Family Advocate/Case Manager, 03/2020 - 05/2021
St Anne's — Los Angeles, CA
¢ Collected ID documents, copies of bills and other documents needed to see if consumer qualified for our program. Scanned, copied and
emailed needed info. Analyzed that data. Input info into Adobe and made folders/bookmarks’ files.
e Answered and returned phone calls. Scheduled appointments, and conducted follow-up services on the consumers financial responsibilities,
home repair, rent, electricity, water, gas assistance, crisis intervention and community/veteran referrals.
¢ Used double computer monitors, as well as. multiple agency computer programs, Microsoft Word, Outlook and Zoom.
e Worked two days a week in Comanche providing these same services, as well as, doing outreach, using the laptop.
e Presented talks at community groups to promote organizational mission and programs on Zoom, and in person once Covid restrictions
lifted.
¢ Worked successfully with a diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our grant budgets and services.
¢ Produced and updated organizational records and reports, including organizing budgets and documentation.

Life Skills Instructor, 05/2018 - 11/2020
Ray Graham — Lombard, IL
e Taught 48 individual clients, 12 clients per day, Monday through Thursday. Friday's I filled in other classrooms as needed, compiled
information and gathered supplies needed to make lesson plans for the next week.
e Taught cooking classes, laundry, cleaning, money skills, social skills, math, spelling, reading, basic sign language, and how to use a
computer tablet. We made cookbooks based on the recipes, and cooking terms used in class.
¢ Enhanced patient wellbeing by supporting participation in recreational activities.
¢ Documented client progress in charts and in Therap.
e Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
e Served meals and assisted immobile or disabled individuals with eating.
e Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
¢ Tracked and reported clients' progress based on observations and conversations.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
e Transported clients to the mall, and Wal-Mart. Taught clients how to pick out items, price comparison, and how to bag/load groceries.
© We had a recycling center in our classroom and the clients learned how to sort and deposit recycling into the correct bins. When the
recycling center in our classroom got full we took field trips to the recycling center downtown and unloaded the items into the proper
holders.
e Drove a company van/bus 3 hours a day picking up and dropping off clients for our day program.

Medical Transport/Scheduler/DSP, 07/2017 - 05/2018
ResCare — City, STATE
e Transported clients to doctors, dentist, to get haircut's and whatever appointments or other errands needed.
e Liaised between doctors, our facility nurses, and patients about care plans, progress and changing health conditions.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
¢ Followed care plan and directions to administer medications.
e Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
* Documented client progress in charts and in computer program.
* Worked as a DSP in Day Hab program and in group homes as needed.
e Enhanced patient wellbeing by supporting participation in recreational activities.

Life Skills Instructor/Van Driver/DSP, 01/2012 - 03/2017
Elizabeth Richardson Center (ERC) — City, STATE
e Enhanced patient wellbeing by supporting participation in recreational activities.
e Transported clients to and from Day Hab program daily.
e Supervised individuals working in the production area boxing, separating and loading Wal-Mart roll back numbers and other misc. jobs that
we got in to do.
e Worked as DSP in classroom, at the group homes and filled in with watver's one on one program.
¢ Documented client progress in charts and logbooks.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
e Served meals and assisted immobile or disabled individuals with eating.
* Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients to facilitate smooth, quality care.
e Assisted client with personal hygiene.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma: 05/1982

Brownwood High School - Brownwood, TX

Beauticians License: Cosmetology, 09/1982
Gary's Beauty College - Brownwood, TX

Office Specialist: Computers, Office Procedures, 08/1998
Central Texas Commercial College - Brownwood, TX

Registered Medical Assistant: Medical Assistant/Doctor's Office, 02/2016
Petra Allied Health - Springdale, AR

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

e Received Best All Around Student and Miss Congeniality awards upon completing Commercial College in 1998.
e Received employee of the month twice during the same year at my job in 1986.