JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Natural leader interested in effecting positive social change for adults and minors in troubled situations; active participant in political process;
disciplined personality; courteous; fiscally responsible; excellent project management and organizational skills; adaptable: and personable.

SKILLS

¢ Community Outreach Expert e Needs Assessment
e Violence Prevention ¢ Data Entry and Maintenance
e Addictions Expert ¢ Calm and Professional Under Pressure
¢ Working Collaboratively e Customer Data Confidentiality
e Training & Development ¢ Multitasking and Prioritization
e Organizational Skills e Efficient and Detail-Oriented
e People Skills e Responding to Difficult Customers
e Reliable and Trustworthy © Upbeat and Positive Personality
* Active Listening e Team Member Motivation
e Data Management e Team Building
¢ Work Ethic ¢ Communication and Team Collaboration
* Conflict Resolution e Technical Documentation and Reporting
e Haz-mat Technician ¢ Regulatory Compliance
e Problem Resolution e License Inspections
e Friendly, Positive Attitude e Correction Plans
¢ Critical Thinking e Safety Awareness
e Emergency Response Training e Technical Reviews
¢ Homeless and Dual Diagnosed Populations e Family Case Plans
¢ Microsoft Office e Interagency Collaboration
e First Aid/CPR ¢ Conducting Interviews
¢ Relationship Building e Evaluation and Assessment
e Customer Service e Eligibility Requirements
e Team Management e Home Visits
¢ Creative Problem Solving ¢ Community Referrals
* De-escalation Techniques e Case History Compilation
¢ Understanding Customer Needs

EXPERIENCE

Victims’ Advocate IT, 10/2019 - Current
Coastal Carolina University — Conway, KY

¢ Called-out to crime scenes of serious nature to assist victims, or hospitals/treatment centers.

e Responded to fatality traffic crashes, to provide assistance with local resources to victims and their families.

e Provided professional support services to an assigned Kentucky State Police (KSP) Post through assistance to Troopers and Detectives
when dealing with situational assessment and crisis intervention related to victims of crime and non-offending family members impacted
by crime

e Supported crime victims and victims’ families at crime scenes and in the aftermath of a traumatic event

e Acted as liaison between the crime victim and officers, detectives and Commonwealth Attorney staff officers

e Kept case officers apprised of new information

e Reviewed and assess police crime reports and contact crime victims by mail, phone and in person to provide them with guidance, education
and information regarding the case, services available, and maneuvering within the criminal justice system

e Reviewed Department of Social Service (DSS) form 115 and contact victim families to assess circumstances reported and set up
interviews/exams at local Child Advocate Center (CAC) as needed

¢ Communicated with school system when a student is a victim or family member when there is a potential for impact upon school’
educational activities

e Assisted eligible crime victims in applying for financial assistance from the state, community, or non-profit organizations

¢ Provided information and resources available on domestic violence and sexual assault services and referrals for counseling, medical, legal
and social service needs

e Assisted in completing proper documentation pertaining to Emergency Protection Orders/Domestic Violence Orders

e Provided assessment data to the Program Administrator on a monthly basis

¢ Documented all contacts and assessment results in agency database.

e Supported crisis intervention and advocacy for victims of Part 1 crimes.

e Evaluated and addressed individual client needs and concerns.

© Produced referrals for various community resources, housing and transportation services.

* Contacted child protective services regarding identified, at-risk children.

e Assisted individuals through criminal justice process, providing information and support.

Human Services Surveyor, 06/2019 - 10/2019
Ymca Of Greater Cleveland — Chardon, KY
e Planned, inspected, enforced and/or consulted duties involving health and social care services for childcare providers;
¢ Completed on-site environment rating scales for childcare providers to determine appropriate star quality rating.
* Took part in staff trainings, workshops and meetings to build upon developed skills set and gain better understanding of tasks and
responsibilities.
e Attended meetings and participated in staff development training activities.
e Evaluated staff performance at multiple facilities and made recommendations for training improvement.

Human Services Surveyor, 12/2013 - 06/2019
KY Office Of Inspector General — City, KY
e Planned, inspected, enforced and/or consulted duties involving health and social care services.
e Surveyor Minimum Qualification Test (SMQT) certified with a passage date of 12/11/2015.
e Team Lead surveys and complaint investigations.
* Took part in staff trainings, workshops and meetings to build upon developed skills set and gain better understanding of tasks and

responsibilities.

Family Support Specialist II, 07/2009 - 12/2013
CHFS/DCBS -— City, KY
¢ Conducted administrative work, clerical office work and worked directly with the public
¢ Reviewed, monitored, and determined eligibility for Food Benefits, the Kentucky Transitional Assistance Program, Medical Assistance,
and Child Support.
e Used KAMES software to document case history.
¢ Entered client data in centralized database and maintained up-to-date case records for all clients.
¢ Demonstrated effective, culturally sensitive engagement with patients, families and partners.

Patient Access/Registration Clerk, Switchboard Operator, 06/2005 - 12/2013
Saint Joseph — City, KY
¢ Conducted Customer/Patient Service Management
e PBX, Laboratory and Behavioral Health Transporter
e Decontamination Captain on Emergency Response Team
® Verified insurance and collected critical data elements to properly identify and bill patients.
e Answered calls with friendly and polite approach to engage callers and deliver exceptional customer service.
e Alerted staff of emergency information and general announcements using PA system.
¢ Registered patients using proper data entry procedures and fully compliant ICD-10 and CPT codes.
¢ Completed connections between callers, departments and professionals.
e Accurately transcribed message details and promptly relayed to appropriate recipients.
¢ Provided patient information to visitors and responded to telephone inquiries regarding patient information in accordance with facility
policies.
¢ Served as radio dispatcher maintaining proper radio and paging procedures.
e Participated in emergency preparation meetings to understand crisis management procedures.
¢ Updated patient demographic information in Meditech system to prevent treatment and recordkeeping errors.
* Screened patients before and during admissions processes.

e Handled incoming calls with friendly and cheerful attitude for organization using Saint Joseph London-line system.

Family Preservation Specialist, 05/2009 - 07/2009
Buckhorn Children & Family Services — City, KY
* Conducted therapeutic interventions for families.
¢ Prepared treatment plans and served on treatment teams.
¢ Provided direct in-home services to support family stabilization or reunification.
e Assessed individual, family and community risks, family needs, and community resources.
e Provided case management to link families with appropriate resources.
e Interviewed family members to assess situations, capabilities and problems.
© Met with clients to determine necessary services and make treatment recommendations.

¢ Referred individuals and families to relevant community programs.

Volunteer/Counselor/Mentor, 08/2008 - 05/2009
Appalachian Children’s Home — City, KY
e Participated in recreational activities with the youth as well as assisting with schoolwork
e lused my interpersonal skills and strived to provide the best possible care for the juveniles under custody of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky
e As of 3/5/09 joined Direct Care Staff
e Evaluated patient behavior, moods and responses to inform diagnosis and treatment plans.

Student Assistant, 08/2006 - 05/2009
Knox County Attorney’s Office — City, KY
* Offices of Victims Advocate, Truancy, Juvenile and Drug Court, Home Incarcerations and Kentucky Baptist Homes for Children.
¢ Contributed to positive, educational setting by delivering gentle discipline and promoting student success.
¢ Followed school schedules and policies to promote safety and learning.
e Supervised children and participated with children in activities.

e Enforced rules for behavior and procedures to maintain order among class.

Collegiate Athletic Team Sports Manager, 08/2005 - 05/2009
Union College — City, KY
* Promoted effective professional relationships with coaching staff and athletes by showing respect, dependability and being courteous.
e Managed all travel and transportation arrangements to help athletes participate in away games and out-of-state tournaments.
¢ Monitored equipment use and storage to safeguard against damage or theft.
« Responded promptly to emergencies to assess situations, administer first aid and coordinate further additional personnel.
¢ Cleaned and sanitized recreational equipment to facility standards.
e Assisted in practices.

e Videoed games for Home and Guest Teams.

Camp Counselor, 05/2008 - 08/2008
KSP Trooper Island — City. KY
¢ Cultivated effective relationships with campers and other camp counselors by utilizing active listening and dynamic interpersonal skills.
e Engaged children in arts and crafts, singing, sports activities, games and field trips while maintaining safe environment.
¢ Checked on campers struggling with various social and recreational skills to maintain camper and parent satisfaction.
¢ Enforced discipline and policies to protect safety of recreational activity participants.
¢ Coordinated and led group activities for campers and counselors.
e Designed activities to help individuals overcome confidence issues and build strength.
e Explained principles, techniques and safety requirements to activity participants to prevent injury.
e Assisted homesick children, actively listening to concerns and providing emotional support.
e Planned various indoor activities during periods of inclement weather to promote camper satisfaction.
© Helped campers build confidence and self-esteem through consistent guidance and mentoring.
* Monitored for signs of physical and emotional distress and stopped activities to administer care when appropriate.
e Inspected safety equipment around recreational areas to increase emergency preparedness and reduce injuries.
e Supervised youngsters during activities to prevent injuries and accidents.
¢ Played various outdoor sports with children, teaching rules and demonstrating good sportsmanship.
e Maintained tidy, clean and organized play and work areas.
e Worked creatively with other staff to develop and carry out new themes and events for camp participants.
e Explained and enforced rules to keep campers safe and healthy.
¢ Collaborated with staff to establish and maintain supportive and structured environment.
e Assisted campers with behavior issues and helped children open up and bond with new friends.
¢ Developed engaging, informative activities for campers.
¢ Cultivated and deepened relationships between staff, families and camp children.
e Showed professionalism in working with campers and willingness to learn on job.
© Provided swimming, kayaking, and canoeing lessons to boost confidence and encourage safety.

Sales Associate Specialist, 03/2003 - 08/2005
Big Kmart — City, KY
¢ Worked in retail sales; provided customer service management: inventory management: and conducted risk assessment/loss prevention.
e Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.
¢ Completed customer's purchase by effectively processing credit and debit cards, cash and personal checks.
e Welcomed customers, offered to help locate items, and suggested merchandise without being intrusive or pushy.
e Maintained current knowledge of special savings, sales, promotions and other offerings to enhance customer support.
* Counted cash, made change, and stored coupons to keep organized and balanced cash register drawer.
e Arranged merchandise for display to highlight new styles, attract customers, and enhance sales.
e Maintained current store, product, and promotional knowledge to drive consistent sales.
e Processed payments and maintained accurate drawers to meet financial targets.
e Organized store by returning merchandise to proper areas and restocked displays.
* Mixed and matched paints according to customer specifications.
e Monitored and supervised customer's activities in store to detect signs of attempted theft.
e Served as team lead for safety and loss prevention operations, teaching fellow employees various methods to prevent theft.
¢ Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.
e Maintained store compliance with physical security schematics to protect assets.

Sales Associate/Clerk/Driver, 08/2001 - 05/2004
Carousel Florist — City, KY
* Conducted inventory/customer service management and distribution.
© Delivered high-quality customer service through deep commitment to knowledge and performance.
© Supported office clerical functions using word processing and other software, email and office machines.
e Answered multi-line telephone system and routed calls to appropriate personnel.
e Assisted with payment processing and investigated financial discrepancies.
¢ Processed accounts payable and accounts receivable updates to maintain current financial records.
¢ Cut, arranged and produced flower bouquets and potted perennial plants according to customer specifications.
e Prepared and processed floral orders to customer specifications via phone or resulting from in-store consultations.
¢ Communicated clearly and effectively with customers to determine type of arrangement desired, occasion and date, time and location for
each arrangement needed.
e Utilized expert communication skills to collaborate with customers and design bouquets, corsages and other floral pieces to meet
requirements.
e Received incoming flower deliveries and placed new stock in refrigerators.
© Delivered goods and services to customers on time and in excellent condition.
e Planned and executed efficient routes to optimize time and fuel costs.
© Delivered customer orders and collected payments to keep accounts current.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice/Sociology, Psychology, 05/2009
Union College - Barbourville, KY

e Student Government Association Senator.

e Director of the Student Conduct Board

e AmeriCorps and Bonner Scholar

e Major in Criminal Justice and Sociology

e Minor in Psychology

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

Kentucky Weapons of Mass Destruction/Hazardous Materials/Counter Terrorism Operations Support Team “Task Force 11” \Homeland
Security CSEPP (Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program) Team Member. KCCRT (Kentucky Community Crisis Response
Team) Team Member. Laurel County DPS/EM Deputy Director/regional Haz-Mat team. Ride-alongs with London City Police Department.
PRIDE Cleanup Peer Mentor. Make a Difference Day through Union College Common Partners program Habitat for Humanity volunteer Food
Pantry of Christian Life Fellowship. 2-year cadet at Ambulance Incorporated of Laurel County. 3 Year Member of Bonner Scholars Program. 3
Year Member of Student Conduct Board. 3 Year member of Student Government Association. Repair Affair Project Coordinator Spring Trip
Project Coordinator. 4 Year Men’s basketball manager. KSP Post 11 Citizens Police Academy 2009 Graduate. CASA (Court Appointed Special
Advocate)

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

© ist aid/CPR/AED: Infant, Adolescent, Adult

e HIV Bluegrass Awareness

e Received the KY Govenors Volunteerism Award in 2010.

e Member of KY Community Crisis Response Board & KY DPH, Laurel County Regional Haz-Mat and CSEPP team, and London
American Red Cross

e Haz-Mat Operations/Awareness/Technician

e National Incident Management Systems

* KHELPS: ESF-8 DOC TEAM, MRC Non-Medical Group

e Homebuilders Module Certified

e Sexual Harassment in the Workplace

e Domestic Violence & Elder Abuse

e Chaplain Training

* Notary Public