JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

She demonstrated the ability to establish and maintain key customer and client relationships through a robust set of interpersonal skills—the
ability to coordinate various outreach projects with associated vendors.

Proficient Business Manager successful at overseeing all aspects of business operation. Goal-driven leader, change manager and strategic
problem solver. Knowledgeable about human resources, financial administration and inventory management.

Client-focused and organized professional with an MBA and diverse experience in customer service, business management and project
coordination. Effective communicator with the proven ability to quickly build relationships with both clients and business audiences. Quick
learner with excellent multi-tasking skills and the ability to quickly master new technology. Known for innovation and creative problem-solving
abilities to address business challenges.

Dynamic and performance-driven business professional with high integrity, a strong work ethic and great leadership skills. Meticulous and
resourceful Business Manager with proven success in leading successful teams, controlling budgets. networking to drive growth initiatives and
marketing to maximize brand outreach.

SKILLS

e Administrative Support e Fundraising
e Child Welfare e Instructor
* Program Development * Operating system
e Client Management ¢ Program Development
* Customer Service & Support e Progress
e Event Coordinator © Project Management
* Project Management e Reporting
* Strategic Planning e Research
e SharePoint & CRM * Sales
e Administrative Support © Strategic Planning
e Approach © Workflow
e Auditing e Home visits
e Basic e Client advocacy
e Client Management e IEP writing knowledge
* Creativity e Training and Development
e CRM e MS Office
* Clients © Supervision
e Customer services e Team building
e Customer Service e Relationship development
e Databases e Business operations
e English e Project organization
e Financial

EXPERIENCE

Child Advocate Caseworker, 12/2017 - Current
Grandville Public Schools — Grandville, MI
e Act as a liaison between the school district and clients attending the schools.
¢ Provide educational advocacy regarding special education services and addressing behavioral issues with the children.
* Monthly home visits (via in-home and Zoom) to assess the children’s progress emotionally, educationally, and psychologically.
* Conduct conversations with young clients experiencing the child welfare system, and other key stakeholders and services providers using a
strength-based, trauma-informed approach.
¢ Collaborate with service providers to develop partnerships and engage in the development process.
¢ Interviewed clients to assess situations, capabilities and problems.
© Met with clients to determine necessary services and make treatment recommendations.
¢ Worked with community resources to engage youth in pro-social activities and help families access services.

e Entered client data in centralized database and maintained up-to-date case records for all clients.

Internet Client Specialist, 12/2015 - 12/2018
Group1 Automotive — City, STATE
¢ Collaborate with car dealerships Nationwide to maintain the workflow of production and sales.
e Maintain corporate operating system (SharePoint, & CRM) databases for collaborative customer services.
« Communicate daily with partner dealership management for the smooth operation of customer service.
e Escalated complex cases to appropriate team members for timely resolution.
e Researched and adequately resolved client questions and issues.
¢ Created and delivered product presentations to potential and current clients.
e Participated in team meetings to understand goals and establish necessary process improvements.
« Recommended product or process adjustments based on customer feedback.
¢ Performed necessary troubleshooting to determine source of client reported issue.
¢ Established and effectively maintained productive customer relationships.
¢ Investigated technical issues using knowledge base and personal experience to complete timely resolutions.
e Implemented [Software] for [Task], resulting in [Result].

Operations Manager/Case Manager Coordinator, 08/2016 - 12/2016
Have Haven, Foster Care & Adoption Center — City, STATE
¢ Spearhead fundraising initiatives: attracting financial support from reputable businesses and individuals.
« Perform reporting, internal auditing, and management of contractors for the rehabilitation of the RTC facilities.
e Assist with business and daily operational activity for a staff of eleven.
© Worked with [Type], [Type] and [Type] departments to solve diverse problems affecting [Type] operations.
e Aided families and individuals in setting up medical and treatment options in [Type] field.
e Accurately documented each activity for each patient in specified databases.
* Oversaw simultaneous functions with high efficiency and accuracy.
¢ Collaborated with team members to identify and accomplish agency objectives.
e Partnered with similar organizations to meet greater needs, preventing duplication and optimizing resource utilization.

Adult Education ESL Instructor, 08/2015 - 12/2015
AmeriCorps, Houston Center For Literacy — City, STATE
e Served as an English instructor at the AmeriCorps’ Houston Center for Literacy.
e Instructed classes specifically in Pre-Literate ESL, Basic ESL, Civic Components, and Advanced ESL with Citizenship.
¢ Facilitate classroom groups, small groups, and individual literacy for specified community outreach developed positive relationships and
maintain communication on their overall progress.
e Provide long-term learning skills for the individual (adults) students focusing on their ability to engage through the termination of the
program.
© Utilize research and creativity to engage student learners by creating projects matching their interests.
e Developed lesson plans to teach course materials according to schedule.
* Taught lessons encompassing range of skill-building activities for speaking, writing, reading and listening.
¢ Instructed more than [Number] students through lectures, discussions, group activities and demonstrations.
e Employed kinesthetic, visual and auditory approaches to make lessons interesting and interactive.
e Instructed [Type] students on [Type] and [Type] skills.
e Conducted [Number] classes each week focused on [Subject].
e Organized supplementary materials in English for all students.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Master of Science: Human Services & Organizational Leadership, 09/2021
Capella University

MBA: General Studies, 05/2017
Texas Southern University - Houston, TX

BBA: Business Management, 01/2014
Wilmington University - Wilmington, DE

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS