Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Knowledgeable pharmacy professional skilled at helping pharmacists complete accurate prescriptions in fast-paced settings.
Security-minded and experienced in coordinating between prescribers, insurance companies and customers to resolve problems.

Strong interpersonal and multitasking abilities.

Skills
¢ Proposal writing ¢ Data evaluation
e Business writing ¢ Conflict mediation
¢ Labor relations ¢ Active listening
e Human resources best practices ¢ Inbound and outbound calling
e Excel spreadsheets e Sales expertise
¢ Cash deposit preparation ¢ High-energy attitude
¢ Detailed meeting minutes ¢ Transportation solution development
e Routing correspondence ¢ Business development understanding
¢ Sensitive material handling e Organizational strengths
e Records management systems e Technologically savvy
¢ Food preparation ¢ Problem-solving abilities
¢ Food storage ¢ Product organization
¢ Hard-working e Shipping and receiving understanding
¢ Detail-oriented e Aseptic techniques
e Cleaning and organization e Ordering and stocking medications
¢ Materials transport e Pharmacy operations
¢ Credit card payment processing ¢ Drug inventory control
e Store maintenance e Proper labeling procedures
e Project management abilities e Troubleshooting malfunctioning equipment
e Inventory control ¢ Preparing bulk medications

Experience

United Healthcare Advocate, 11/2018 to Current
St. Luke's Of Kansas City — Ottawa, KS
e Evaluated customer account information to assess current issues and determine potential solutions.
¢ Escalated customer concerns, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.
¢ Reduced process lags and effectively trained team members on best practices and protocol.
¢ Delivered high level of service and support to each customer, paving way for future business opportunities.
¢ Cultivated impactful relationships with customers and drove business development by delivering product knowledge.
¢ Greeted customers to facilitate services, determine service needs and accurately input orders into electronic systems.
¢ Reviewed account and service histories to identify trends and issues.
¢ Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.

¢ Worked with managers to develop service improvement initiatives.

CASHIER, 07/2016 to 05/2020
Dairy Queen —- Mason, OH
e Assisted customers with account updates, new service additions and promotional offers.
¢ Maintained high productivity by efficiently processing cash, credit, debit and voucher program payments for customers.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answering questions and offering advice.
e Read weekly sales inserts and tracked changing prices to remain up-to-date on store promotions.
e Inspected items for damage and reported issues to supervisor to return unsalable merchandise and obtain replacements for
customers.
e Troubleshot and resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.
¢ Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
e Assisted [Job title]s with completing end-of-day counts and securing funds to prevent loss or theft.

¢ Maximized customer satisfaction by providing assistance with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.

Grill Cook, 11/2016 to 09/2019
The Mentor Network — Maplewood, MN
¢ Cleaned grills and other kitchen tools and areas.
e Assisted in preparation of menu items such as steaks, burgers and sandwiches.
e Operated fryers and grills according to instructions to maintain safety and food quality.
e Reviewed quality standards and ensured continuous application throughout the kitchen environment.
¢ Planned and prepared schedules for food preparation.
¢ Maintained cleanliness and organization of all line workstations.
¢ Marinated food items according to corporate-provided instructions and recipes.
¢ Monitored kitchen productivity and assessed overall efficiency.
¢ Distributed prepared food to servers in efficient manner.
¢ Maximized efficiency of kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Administrative Assistant, 05/2013 to 12/2018
Savannah Herald — City, STATE
e Created and maintained spreadsheets and developed administrative and logistical reports.
¢ Processed financial documents including contracts, expense reports and invoices.
¢ Managed conference calls by documenting participant details and preparing audio recordings for future reference.
¢ Liaised between internal and external stakeholders, providing updated project status and performance reports.
e Arranged domestic and international travel, hotel and transportation needs for staff.
¢ Controlled and managed document processes by reviewing files, records and critical information to confirm accuracy and ensure
compliance with company policies and procedures.
¢ Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel, in addition to providing information to resolve
inquiries and bolster customer satisfaction.

Education and Training

Associate of Science: Pharmacy Technician, 04/2020
Rasmussen College - Ocala, FL

Bachelor of Science: Biology, 05/2018
Georgia Southern University - Savannah, GA

High School Diploma: 06/2013
Alfred Ely Beach High School - Savannah,GA

Certifications

¢ In good standing with the Georgia State Board of Pharmacy