ROBERT SMITH

Lead Customer Advocate

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Cash handling accuracy Excellent multi-tasker Organized Friendly Dependable Reliable Strong
communication skills Punctual Flexible schedule Knowledge of MS office and POS.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Accounting, Data Entry, WindowsXP-8 , Technology Management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Lead Customer Advocate
CitySquare - 2015 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Worked with men, women and chikiren who were attempting to leave a violent relationship,

* Took crisis Calls, weekly on-call rotation, worked with in-house clients on short and long
term -term goals,

» Responded to hospital call-outs, worked with local jaw enforcement and prosecution to
ensure victim safety,

* Responsidie for accompanying victims of domestic violence through out the legal
proceedings.

» Assisted victims in obtaining protection orders.

» Arranged emergency shelter for victims of domestic violence.

» Responsible lor being a referral person to assist victims in acquiring. services.

Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2015

Key Deliverables:

=» 45133 (937) 393-8118 Facilitating groups such as, Anger Management, Mens Domestic
Violence Offender Program, Teen Anger Management, Parenting/Child Abuse and Youth
Violence Prevention

» Assisting victims of domestic violence through court advocacy, salety planning, housing
referral and crisis intervention

« Locating and connecting clients to important resources within the community or other araas
ot residence

* Planning and participating in multiple community awareness events and fundraisers

* Implementing and planning necessary suppor groups and activities

« Detailed documentation and client case management

*s Planning and facilitating school/youth success programs that target & quot:at risk&quat;
young children and teens

EDUCATION

I
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines