Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 © resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Accomplished Registered Nurse with 20+ years of experience dedicated to quality care of diverse patients. Smoothly blend hands-on
skills with advanced clinical background in ER, Psych, long term, and Complex Care Management. Successful at working with all
levels of healthcare providers, physicians, and administrators to address patient needs.

Skills

e Patient care planning

e Cardiac monitoring

e Medical assessment

e Patient Management

e Electronic Health Records Management

e Resource Allocation

e Nursing Plan Development and Modification
e Emotional awareness

e Culturally sensitive

e Psychiatric and Mental Health Care

e specialized in complex care management

e Health care consultation

e Patient Satisfaction and Process Improvement
e Follow-up calls

e Clinical Information System Management
e Family and patient support

e Patient Care

e Nursing staff leadership

e Nursing Plan Development

e Patient monitoring

e Culturally sensitive care

e Coordinating referrals

e Direct and Indirect Patient Care e Documenting vitals

e Staff Development and Precepting

Work History

Registered Nurse Case Manager Advocate, 05/2021 to Current
Catholic Health Initiative — Urbandale, IA

¢ Collaborates with primary care providers, Specialist, Impatient, and Post-Acute Network staff to provide an integrated model of
care that ensures delivery of quality, efficient and cost-effective healthcare for at risk patients.

e Reduce emergency services costs by 10% by curtailing medically unnecessary admission, length of patient stays, and
readmission.

e Educate patients and loved ones about different treatment options, and outside care approaches, reducing burden on hospital
resources.

¢ Develop care plans based on nursing diagnosis and incorporate therapeutic preventative and nursing methods.

¢ Communicate with interdisciplinary staff and community vendors in a positive and professional manner to promote patient and
provider satisfaction and increased awareness of appropriate utilization.

e Assess patients and document history of current and previous conditions, illnesses, injuries, and current medications.

¢ Demonstrates initiatives in developing, implementing, and analyzing quality improvement strategies for the case management
department.

¢ Developed guidelines for Diabetic patients which was adopted by Advocate Aurora Health and instituted in practice for case
managers to follow.

¢ Coordinate care for COVID 19 patients transitioning to home or alternative facilities.

¢ Administered COVID 19 vaccine to staff and patients.

e Achieved roles as Peer Interviewer, pilot member for CSMA's Integrated Behavioral Health Care Management, and Congestive
Heart Failure which was instituted in practice.

¢ Developed patient care plans, including overall patient health assessments and evaluations.

¢ Guiding and coordinating patient family health teaching.

¢ Delivering direct patient care through the nursing process.

¢ Direct and coordinate infection control programs, advising and consulting with specified personnel about necessary precautions.

¢ Performs triage assessment and acuity assignment.

e Documents patient care services by charting in patient and department records.

e Assists physician during examination, treatment, and procedures.

ER Nurse, 12/2019 to Current
Advocate South Suburban Hospital — City, STATE
¢ Guiding and coordinating patient family health teaching
¢ Delivering direct patient care through the nursing process
e Direct and coordinate infection control programs, advising and consulting with specified personnel about necessary precautions
¢ Performs triage assessment and acuity assignment
¢ Documents patient care services by charting in patient and department records
e Assists physician during examination, treatment, and procedures

Charge Nurse Sup/MDS/Care Plan Coordinator, 04/2009 to 04/2011
Exceptional Care — City, STATE
¢ Managed nursing staff, Restorative and Psychiatric programs.
¢ Strengthened and performed Assessments, Developed, Implemented and Evaluated plan of care, make necessary revision as
patient status and needs changed.
e Assessed and verified MDS accuracy for reimbursement for Medicare, Medicaid transmitting to CMS database.
¢ Headed Care Plan conferences with interdisciplinary team members, patients, and family.

e Preceptor for new nurse hire training to further develop skills and initiate discussions on task prioritization.

Charge Nurse/MDS/Care Plan Coordinator, 02/2000 to 04/2009
Burnham Healthcare — City, STATE
¢ Conduct assessments to identify individual needs and develop care plans to address objectives and identify goals during
assessment.
¢ Facilitated and evaluated effectiveness of care plan and modified plan as needed.
¢ Reviewed and Audited documentation accuracy for Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement.
¢ Led and participated in weekly team meetings to discuss members with providers and interdisciplinary team members, patients,
and families.

e Communicated with patients with compassion while providing professional nursing care.

Education

Certified Case Manager, Commission for Case Manager Certification (CCMC) Certification in Integrated Case Management and
Mental Health Care Coordination and Transition Certification (CTT) Certified Advance Directive Planner Diabetes Certification

Master of Science Degree: Nursing, 01/2021

Western Governor University - Utah

Bachelor of Science Degree: Nursing, 08/2012
Governor State University - University Park, IL

Associate Degree: Nursing, 12/2010
Joliet Junior College - Joliet, IL

License Practical Nursing in Nursing: 12/1999
Dawson Technical Institute - Chicago, IL