PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Nationally Certified Peer Recovery Support Specialist with experience working with victims of domestic
violence. Always open to new challenges and opportunities. Empathetic, good listener, non-judgmental, with
the proven ability to build trusting relationships with clients and coworkers. Strong work ethic, able to work
independently or as a loyal team member.

« Strong belief in victim's rights e Ethical Responsibility
« Compassionate and caring approach, Non- e HIPPA
Judgemental e Basic Microsoft Office, Excel, Word
« Needs Assessment e Outlook, Teams, Zoom
« Excellent advocacy and resource identification e Copy, Print, Fax, Phone
e« Strong understanding of and belief in victim e 40 words per minute keyboard

confidentiality and need for safety

e Good interpersonal and oral communication
skills

e Good Documentation skills

SENIOR ADVOCATE/DRIVER 04/2021 to 10/2021
Onward Behavioral Health | Cherry Hill, NJ

e Offered companionship and kindness to elderly patients

e Monitored clients' overall health and well-being and reported any significant changes to nursing staff.

e Delivered mail to residents' rooms, oftentimes reading letters to them due to inability to see.

e Communicate with families of residents listening to their concerns about their loved ones and offering
encouragement and support.

e Observe HIPPA in regards to residents' personal and medical information.

e Transport residents to and from medical appointments, manage all medical paperwork received from
doctors. testing facilities. and hospitals throughout the day, and deliver to correct nursing staff at
Greystone for filing at end of the day.

e Use Google Calendar to collaborate with the Director and Assistant Director of Greystone. Alert
management when another employee will be necessary to fulfill scheduling requirements per company
protocol.

e Frequently purchase items for entire campus using company credit card, tracking all receipts, and
writing down accurate department information on each ticket, turning them in at the end of each day to
management.

e Log daily mileage, gas, passengers transported: track oil changes, inspection sticker, license, and
registration. Report any mechanical problems to maintenance.

CE2TIFIED PEER RECOVERY SUPPORT SPECIALIST 11/2019 to 04/2021
Furnituremart Usa | West Fargo, ND

¢ Built relationships with others based upon trust and honesty by using active listening and empathy.

e Observe HIPPA regulations and procedures regarding each individual to maintain confidentiality of
personal and health information.

e Assist clients in articulating personal goals for recovery. Support clients in identifying and creating goals
based upon their skills. strengths, and resources to aid them in achieving those goals.

e Serve as client advocate.

e Provided assistance in identifying community resources and groups that may be useful.

e Used person-centered language to discuss client's current situation, desires, aptitudes, education,
employment history, and any medical or mental health needs.

e Provided ongoing assessment, problem-solving and skill teaching to assist individuals with activities of
daily living.

e Provided transportation to clients for SUD treatment, medical, legal, employment, food pantries, housing
and more.

e Displayed sensitivity to cultural and linguistic needs of clients and families served.

e Worked directly with client treatment teams and participated in care coordination procedures.

¢ Daily documentation of any interactions with clients

CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE / VISUAL MERCHANDISER 03/2015 to 11/2017
JCPenney | City, STATE

e Opened and closed registers

e Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash and credit purchases or refunds.

e Trained and mentored new team members on registers and meeting customer needs, maximizing group
performance to maintain high satisfaction with customers.

e Created interior displays to promote products in alignment with corporate sales objectives.

e Managed aesthetically pleasing displays to showcase products and increase sales.

e Completed seasonal window displays, dressed mannequins and arranged in-store displays to showcase
available products.

VIVAL MERCHANDISER 09/2013 to 03/2015
JCPenney | City, STATE

e Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.

e Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned area.

e Completed seasonal windows, dressed 100+ mannequins in 104,000 sq. foot store and arranged in-
store displays.

e Created and updated interior displays to promote products and to drive sales.

e Color blocking.

e Inventory management, loss prevention.

Certified Peer Recovery Specialist | Health Education 12/2020
WV Certification Board For Addiction & Prevention , 436 12th St C, Dunbar, WV 25064
Professional Development completed in:

e Advocacy

e Ethical Responsibility

e Mentoring and Education

e Recovery/Wellness Support
Continuing Education Credits through "Naadac"

¢ Motivational Interviewing.

e¢ Code of Ethics Part 1.

e« Code of Ethics Part 2.

e Ethical and Professional Issues in Counseling, Section 1.

e Ethical and Professional Issues in Counseling, Section 2.

e Ethical and Professional Issues in Counseling, Section 3.

e The Ethics of Touching.

e Personal and Professional Boundaries.

« Social Media and Ethical Dilemmas for Behavioral Health Clinicians.

e Finding Ambivalence and 10 other things about Motivational Interviewing.

¢ Dual Diagnosis in Women: Self-Harm, and Treatment.

e Overlapping issues: Domestic & Sexual Violence, Mental Health. Trauma & Substance Abuse.

e The Connection between PTSD and Domestic Violence.

e Effective Treatment for Survivors of Intimate Partner Violence.

¢ Cultivating Greater Meaning and Purpose to Prevent Relapse.

e« HIV and Bloodborne Pathogens.

e Evidence Based Practice for Binge Eating Disorder.

e Understanding the Pathway and the Process of Addiction.

Dij oma - Registered with American Association of Medical Personnel | Medical Assistant, 2012
Medical Terminology

Med Care Training, Logan, WV

Ccorsework, Seminars | Business Management 2008
Women's Business and Training Center, Beckley, WV
Business Management, Business plans, Business Development, Marketing strategies.

Urclergraduate studies | Data Processing. Psychology, Human Growth & Development. Fine Arts, Sign 1997
Language
Mountain State University, Concord University, Beckley, WV