JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Trained Social Worker specializing in situational assessments, conflict resolution and effective communication. Demonstrates psycho-social
assessment, treatment planning and advocacy skills. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal, and
multitasking abilities.

SKILLS
¢ Internet savvy/Microsoft Office expertise/G-suite/Microsoft ¢ Community referrals
Teams * Client engagement
« Human relations e Aftercare follow up
¢ SOAP notes e Work ethic
¢ Safety Planning e People skills
e Family Needs assessment e Active listening
¢ Excellent communication skills e Psycho-social assessments
¢ Goal-oriented ¢ Confidential documentation and recordkeeping

« Case management
e Client advocacy

EXPERIENCE

01/2022 to Current Family Advocate Intern
Acronym Media — New York, NY
e Partnered with families and provided resources to build growth that promoted better self-reliance.
e Identified appropriate community resources and provided referrals for services.
e Entered client data in centralized database and maintained up-to-date case records for all clients.
e Interviewed family members to assess situations, capabilities and problems.
¢ Referred family members to outside support options to assist with coping during times of increased stress.
e Built trust and rapport with victims of violent crimes by remaining calm and compassionate in variety of situations.
e Explained available housing, domestic violence, employment, education and substance abuse treatment resources.

08/2021 to 10/2021 Case Management Intern
Children's Shelter Of Kaufman — City, STATE

¢ Built and maintained strong relationships with patients by successfully resolving issues and responding promptly to
phone inquiries.

e Followed strict policies and procedures to maintain client confidentiality and keep data private.

© Met with clients to conduct needs assessments, recommending appropriate support and service offerings.

e Maintained updated progress notes and case record, and documented children's progress in recreational activities,
treatment plans, and education.

e Recorded comprehensive case notes and follow up documentation for admitted and transferred clients.

© Coordinated case management functions through placement monitoring, crisis intervention and discharge planning.

03/2016 to 01/2022 Account Manager
Numo Mfg. — City, STATE

e Cultivated long-term relationships with clients to accurately quote pricing and terms that achieve customer
objectives.

e Deescalated customer issues and concerns with prompt follow-thru.

e Oversaw multiple accounts and worked diligently to meet and exceed performance goals.

e Streamlined operational efficiencies by developing and implementing customer service protocols and standards.

e Strengthened online presence to capitalize on emerging trends.

¢ Boosted client satisfaction ratings by actively listening and resolving customers comments and concerns.

e Took daily inbound calls and key-entered orders, faxes, backorders and credit memos for assigned accounts and
clients.

e Decreased process lags by training customer service representatives and planning advanced staff development.

e Trained 5 new employees each within a month in procedures and policies in order to maximize team performance.

¢ Cultivated impactful relationships with customers and drove business development by delivering product
knowledge.

© De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

02/2007 to 01/2015 Account Manager /Customer Service Representative
Bluehand Supply — City, STATE

e Expressed appreciation for patronage, inviting and encouraging customer return visits.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges in order to provide
speedy and accurate service to each customer.

« Strengthened operational efficiencies by developing organizational filing systems for confidential customer records
and reports.

e Prevented key account losses by researching discrepancies for corrective action.

¢ Mentored junior team members and managed employee relationships.

¢ Provided top quality control and eliminated downtime to maximize revenue.

¢ Created and implemented process improvements to reduce workloads and bolster callback efficiency.

e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.

e Answered 100 daily phone calls to resolve potential disaster customer issues.

e Achieved top satisfaction, retention and referral rankings on consistent basis.

e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel and offered information to resolve
inquiries, boosting customer satisfaction.

¢ Greeted visitors or callers daily to handle inquiries or direct to appropriate persons.

e Organized and maintained filing and document management systems by coordinating, archiving and purging files.

e Handled management of communication to executives by taking and making telephone calls, reviewing and
prioritizing mail and composing and typing correspondence.

e Maintained inventory in administrative building supply closet to prevent shortages of supplies.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

03/2005 High School Diploma
Kaufman High School - Kaufman, TX

Bachelor of Science: Social Work
Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA

CERTIFICATIONS

Addressing Adverse Childhood Experiences through Trauma-Informed Care certification
Trauma-informed care training certified
Darkness To Light Certification training