JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Diplomatic Customer Service Agent versed in applying strong communication, problem-solving skills and polite, professional demeanor to
resolve customer issues and maximize satisfaction. Experienced in exceeding performance goals in fast-paced call center environments. Trained
in connecting with customers to build positive relationships and strengthen loyalty.

Productive Call Center Representative with 3 years of experience building rapport with clients and providing quality support. Gifted in
answering large volume of customer calls and resolving customer complaints. Recognized for consistently earning top customer satisfaction
ratings.

Detailed Client Service Associate known for having great organizational skills. Gifted at working with all types of customers. Looking for a
new role where hard work and dedication will be highly valued.

Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments. Strong
presenter, communicator and problem solver working effectively and productively with diverse customers and individual needs.

Proven expertise in insurance products, service and customer needs. Familiar with analyzing documentation, liaising between parties and
handling both routine and complex issues each day. Identifies and resolves concerns while promoting new products and meeting sales
objectives. Accommodating Customer Support Specialist with documented history of exceeding customer and patron expectations. Calm and
composed in stressful situations with successful record of reducing customer dissatisfaction through acknowledgment, decisive communication
and focused solutions. Expert at finding win-win solutions. Helpful certified nurse assistance committed to making patients feel comfortable
and secure. Proficient in cleaning and sanitizing patient rooms, documenting observations and examining for symptoms. Compassionate
approach to dealing with those under duress.

SKILLS

« Account management e Organizational skills
¢ Membership renewals e Teambuilding
* Call center operations e Friendly, positive attitude
e Training and development * Critical thinking
e Customer support ¢ Call documentation skills
¢ In-store support ¢ Professional telephone voice
¢ Product organization ¢ Communicating with clients
e High-energy attitude e Resolving issues
e Customer relations * Call control skills
e Report creation e Customer communications
e System implementation © Prospecting skills
* Quality improvements.

EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Representative, 04/2022 - Current

Maricopa County, Arizona — Gilbert, AZ
¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
¢ Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.
¢ Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.
e Advised debtors on payment options and set up payment plans.
e Handled contracts and payments on accounts.

¢ Handled irate customers smoothly to achieve performance targets.

Advocate, 10/2021 - 03/2022
Amita Health — Nashville. TN
¢ Completed reports, paperwork and documentation accurately and on time.
¢ Identified appropriate community resources and provided referrals for services.
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Answered, screened and processed high volume of calls daily with call management system and web-based communications.
* Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
e Handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
maximize efficiency.
e Reviewed files, records and other obtained documents to respond to customer requests.
e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.
e Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations, applying de-escalation techniques and positive customer
support.
¢ Supported employees with advanced troubleshooting on helpdesk tickets.
« Kept customers informed about issue resolution progress and provided updated estimated times of resolution on ongoing basis.

Certified Nursing Assistant, 06/2021 - 10/2021
Benjamin Franklin Plumbing Ocean City — Hot Springs, AR
e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.
e Facilitated activities of daily living, personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.
« Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.
¢ Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.
e Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.
© Delivered high level of care to every patient.
* Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.
¢ Followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions.
¢ Comforted patients and provided each with reassurance and encouragement.

Call Center Customer Service Representative, 10/2019 - 05/2021
Allied Universal Security — West Valley City, UT
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
e Maintained strong call control and quickly worked through scripts to address problems.
© Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.
e Resolved inquiries to consistently meet performance benchmarks.
e Corresponded with service department team members to build and implement successful solutions to customer problems.

e Managed customer expectations by clarifying needs, identifying options and recommending products and services.

Customer Service Representative, 02/2017 - 09/2019
Company Name — City, State
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions.
e Assessed customer needs and upsold products and services to maximize sales.
e Supported operational improvements and resolution of problems to deliver top-notch customer service.

¢ De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 02/2022
Arkansas Northeastern College - Blytheville, AR