Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Experienced Customer Service Manager brings 6+ years of applying exceptional customer service, conflict mediation and
communication skills to address diverse needs. Smoothly mitigate customer conflicts through calm, level-headed strategies.

Responsive and resilient team leader with adaptable and resourceful mindset.

Accomplishments

¢ Supervised team of 20 staff members.

Skills

¢ Data Entry and Maintenance e Needs Assessment

¢ Professional Relationships e Call Documentation

e Calm and Professional Under Pressure e Knowledge Base

e Customer Account Management ¢ Understanding Customer Needs

¢ Customer Retention Strategies ¢ Workload Planning

¢ Customer Feedback e Courteous with Strong Service Mindset

¢ POS Systems and Ordering Platforms ¢ Efficient and Detail-Oriented

e Order and Refund Processing ¢ Upselling Products and Services

¢ Online Chat ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty

¢ Upbeat and Positive Personality e Responding to Difficult Customers

e Customer Data Confidentiality e Till Counting

¢ Issue and Complaint Resolution ¢ Technical Support and Assistance
Work History

Remote Customer Care Advocate, 08/2020 to Current
Taco Bell — Florence, SC
¢ Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.
e Responded to customer needs through competent customer service and prompt problem-solving.
¢ Assisted call-in customers with questions and orders.
e Addressed customer complaints and mitigated dissatisfaction by employing timely and on-point solutions.
¢ Built long-term, loyal customer relations by providing top-notch service and detailed order, account and service information.
e Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.
e Coordinated timely responses to online customer communication and researched complex issues.
¢ Logged call information and solutions provided into internal database.
e Educated clients on account services and resolved client inquiries regarding statement information and account balances.
¢ Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital information updates.
¢ Described product highlights and benefits to help guide purchasing decisions.
e Created customer profiles by answering questions and providing tailored experiences based on interests and agendas.
¢ Maintained superior quality by reducing downtime to maximize customer support and meet revenue goals.
e Achieved long-term business objectives by analyzing customer feedback for process improvements.
e Eliminated inefficiencies by educating and training new employees on best practices and customer care procedures.
¢ Wrote and proofed orders to reflect proper pricing and discounts.
¢ Coordinated logistics and verified equipment shipment pricing and availability.

Food Service Team Member, 11/2013 to 05/2014
Rentokil Initial - Wesley Chapel, FL
¢ Received orders from customers and input into order management system.
¢ Prepared food orders to support waitstaff and other team members.
e Set up and prepared cooking supplies and workstations during opening and closing to maximize productivity.
¢ Kept supplies in sufficient stock by assessing inventory levels and reporting lower stock items.
e Communicated effectively with customers to plan large or specialized orders, providing customers with recommendations,
samples and response to particular requests.
¢ Limited portion sizes and used garnishes to control food costs.
¢ Maintained clean, trash-free workspaces to maximize productivity and safety.
¢ Strictly followed sanitation and food safety guidelines as required by regulatory agencies and company.
¢ Made food according to standard recipes with requested changes for customer satisfaction.
e Learned other teammates’ work tasks to train as backup.
¢ Replenished condiments, beverages and supplies while maintaining cleanliness of service areas.

¢ Plated hot meals and salads in aesthetically pleasing arrangements.

Customer Service Manager, 10/2010 to 04/2013
Winn Dixie — City, STATE
e Resolved customer complaints while prioritizing customer satisfaction and loyalty.
e Trained and regularly mentored associates on performance-oriented strategies and customer service techniques.
¢ Supervised employees and assessed performances to determine training needs and define accurate plans for decreasing process
lags.
¢ Followed through with client requests to resolve problems.

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making processes and generated daily reports to recommend corrective
actions and improvements.

¢ Developed documentation and logs of implemented solutions and generated and submitted reports.

Education

Bachelor : Business Administration, 06/2025
Pearson - Home Based

In progress of obtains bachelor degree to use as a stepping stone to achieve MBA.

Associates Of Arts : Psychology, 05/2016
University of Phoenix - Home Based
¢ Member of National Society of Collegiate Scholars