ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Member Advocate

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

To obtain a position where skills and experience can be effectively utilized as well as challenged
by new learning opportunities that are available,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, Management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Member Advocate
Amerigroup- Anthem - 2006 - 2020

Key Deliverables:

* Served as an advocate for the member and liaison between the health plan and providers
to ensure availabilily and access to care,

» Established a community presence, promote member education, identity and resolve any
systemic barriers that limit members access io appropriate care,

» Researched claims, authonzations and referrals for plan members to ensure correct claim
payments and physician approvals.

« Resolved plan members and provkiers escalated complaints ina timely manner to help
regain contidence in company services,

» Coordinated the delivery of member handbooks, provider directorias, and any other
educational material to plan members as necessary,

* Perlormed business analysis for Medicare Application Processing in SalesForce,

« Analyzed, track and reported data from daily submissions between enmiiment and
etficiency reports for accuracy ol compensation and any discrepancies of applications for
the accuracy of final compensation of eligibility,

Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2012 - 2016

Key Deliverables:

» Inbound calling, take payments; customer service, place order for prescriptions, contact
doctors office, fix customers issues, explain how their .

« Skills Used typing skills, gramer, vocabulary, patiance,.

* Deliver friendly and professional customerservice over the phone Managed bank accounts
Took extreme steps for members and their happiness Filed and .

» Took cails for Medicare patients and assisted them with ail their prescriptions, mail order
issues, and plan changes.

»  Inbound/Outbound calls Customer Support Card services Windows 7,

* Inbound customer service representative.

* Help member live healthier lives,

EEE
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

‘0 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines