SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Professional Safety Advocate skilled in providing services, answers, solutions to hazards in the workplace.
Established long-lasting connections with peers to achieve goals of a healthy safety culture. Excellent
interpersonal skills, tact and diplomacy.

« TEEX certified OSHA trainer e Excellent communication and listening skills
« ASHI Medic certified First aid, CPR, and AED e Recordkeeping standards
trainer
SAFETY ADVOCATE 12/2017 to 01/2022

Assurance Agency | Schaumburg, IL

« Conducted Line Operation Safety Audits (_LOSA) to identify and mitigate elevated possible work
environment risks.

« Implemented corporate policy and procedures pertaining to safety in the workplace.

« Safety performance peer mentoring.

e« Respond and resolve to reported safety issues within the workplace facility.

« Solved operational and safety challenges quickly and effectively.

« Supported management in daily operational needs.

e Preformed facility safety audits.

« Communicated with facility maintenance for repairs/safety hazards needing repair.

« Maintained safety audit records for FAA, OSHA, and safety excellence review.

« Attended and participated in monthly meetings with Safety Advocates (system wide) to identify and
resolve injury trends.

e Attended and participated in the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM)
union meetings; helping to educate and encourage a healthy safety culture.

e Instructed strength and control classes (MoveSmart) to minimize worker injuries.

e Instructed OSHA10 classes; certifying company employees.

e Instructed CPR/AED classes; certifying company employees.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 10/2005 to 12/2017
Cb Richard Ellis | Tysons Corner, VA

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e De-escalated problematic customer concerns. maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

e Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.

e Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.

e Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

e Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and
developing solutions.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic
systems.

e Tagged checked baggage with appropriate destination with 100% accuracy rate.

e Greeted crew members, flight attendants and passengers.

e Delivered outstanding service by interacting with customers, answering customer inquiries and handling
customer complaints.

e Delivered exceptional service to every customer through active engagement, effective listening and
well-developed interpersonal skills.

e Provided clients with assistance in preparing required travel documents and forms.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

IN‘CENTORY, TRACING, CLAIMS, AND PRORATE SPECIALIST 05/1995 to 10/2005
Continental Airlines | City, STATE

e Inventoried and logged contents of all system wide lost luggage, arriving into corporate headquarters.

e Investigated possible matches in the World Tracer system to reunite luggage to owner.

e Contacted possible owner of luggage for verification of missing piece of luggage.

e Coordinated flights and delivery couriers in order to reunite customer's belongings.

e Contacted customer for clarification on claim form received.

e Provided a projected time for resolution of baggage search.

e Data input customer information in World Tracer system.

e Researched possible global matches throughout all aviation systems.

e Once a match is made, requested luggage to be delivered to the corporate wearhouse for physical
assessment of luggage.

e Once luggage is received and a 100% positive match is made coordinated flights and delivery courier
for safe and quick transport.

e Maintained knowledge of policies and procedures and insurance coverage benefit levels, eligibility
systems and verification processes.

e Researched and reviewed information to determine validity of luggage claim as it relates to U.S. and
Montreal Convention.

e Contacted other airlines and customers about decisions.

e Provided quality customer service to assigned, claimants throughout claims process to deliver timely
service.

e Processed incidental, pilfered, damaged and loss luggage claims daily.

e Creatively found additional compensation to satisfy the customer or to assist in making their claim
whole.

e Investigated customer's routing to determine if another air carrier is at fault for loss.

e lfunable to determine 100% fault processed reimbursement request from other air carriers based on
mileage flown.

e Reviewed and investigated payment request received by other air carriers for paid claims.

All_LINE RESERVATION AGENT 10/1994 to 04/1995
Continental Airlines | City, STATE

e Assisted customers via phone by providing confirmations, answering questions and offering general
information.

e Delivered exceptional service to every customer through active engagement, effective listening and
well-developed interpersonal skills.

e Relayed information on availability, pricing and discounts to customers.

e Verified customer information and payment options ensuring accuracy and completeness.

e Provided customers with assistance in preparing required travel documents and forms.

e Acquired detailed knowledge of services, promotions and events to offer added value to travelers.

e Assisted customers with ticket purchases, trip planning, pricing and scheduling.

First Aid, CPR, And AED Instructor | Safety 10/2019
American Safety And Health Industry, Houston, TX

OA 501 Instructor | General Industry Safety 05/2019
Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service, San Antonio, TX

OCA #511 | General Industry Safety 04/2019
Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service, San Antonio, TX

Urversity of Houston, Houston, TX

Hig) School Diploma 05/1990
Eisenhower High School, Houston, TX

« Member of the IAM Joint Air Transport Safety Committee (JATSC). A committee formed to exchange
experiences and safety information amongst various airlines to assist in improving lowering injuries.

« Successtully trained and certified OSHA-511 to managers, supervisors, and agents throughout United
Airline's system.

« Properly CPR and AED trained and certified system wide United Airlines employees on how to quickly
respond fo an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.

« Coordinated several annual Blood Drives at United Airlines, saving thousands of lives.

e Participated in Continental Airlines and United Airlines annual "Fantasy Flight" bringing smiles to locally
disadvantaged and terminally ill children and their families.

e Assisted in establishing a baggage wearhouse facility in Guam.