ROBERT SMITH
Client Advocate I

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Self mativated Office Manager secks position offering oppartunities for new professional and personal
challenges. Self-sturter with 4 positive, can-do attitude who is dniven to learn, improve and succeed. Reliable
professional with 10 years expenence overseeing office and retail store operations. Highlights Payroll and
insurance Microsoft Office Quickbooks Accounting and payroll Customer onented Spreadsheet
development Schedule management Invoicing Clerical duties Bunking and deposits.

SKILLS

Victim Advocacy, Crisis Intervention, Counseling.

WORK FATHIUENGI

Client Advocate I
ABC Corponition - October 2014 — June 2015

Planned and oo-facilitated weekly taumua-informed, domestic violence intervention, education and
support groups for victims of domestic violence, with an emphasis an safety, suppart,
empowerment, und accountability.

Performed individual and group management duties te ensure appropriate support were provided.
Provided court und legal advocacy and accompaniment services as an on-call Advocate.
Responsible for timely and accurate record keeping on clients receiving services.

Communicated regularly with and advised supervisors and co-workers about the progress of clients
and the development of groups and individual cases.

Regularly attended agency/progrum staff meetings and training to ensure best pnictices and trauma-
informed care was being provided within the progmum.

Provided on-going individual counseling, case advocacy, and case management services for
clients/cuses that were previously receiving services fram me as a full-time employee.

Advocate
ABC Corpomtion - 2009-2014

Cleaning the house (sweeping, mopping, dusting, polishing, sanitizing, cleaning windows,
organizing)

Cooking breakfast and lunch for the next day

Doing the dishes that were used

Refreshing residents during the night

Waking residents up on time and making sure they are all bathed, brushed and dressed for the
weather

Feeding residents

Muking sure they got their medications and helping them to the bus for day progmim,

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes