Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

ABs Marshville Road,

abana
Health Advocate (123)-456-7200
Info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Innovative professional with a diverse background In education and SKILLS
customer service includes organizational development, understanding self MS Office, Administrative
and others, as well as dernonstrating cornmitment and resiliency in Tasks, Answering
different types of work settings. Proficiently identify actual and potential Phones, Setting
problern areas quickly and Implementing solutions in adherence to Appointments, Filing
company/age rocedures maintaining quali ithin 4 specified time i %,
COPIENY/BORNGY B ning quality w P Record Keeping, Creating
Spreadsheets Such As
WORK EXPERIENCE Quek Raterance:
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation- March 2006 - August 2013 LANGUAGES
Responsibilities: English (Native)
* Provided Health and safet t services to child nts and French (Professional)
Provided Health and safety support services to children, parents an Spanish (Professional)

staff of State Preschool, School Readiness, Cal-Safe and Farmily

Childeare Programs by providing informational materials on various

health topics and hosting parent education classes. INTERESTS
= Collaborated with school staff, partner agencies, medical professionals

and volunteers to assist In hearing, vision and dental screenings at Si te
yearly health fair. Cooking
= Collected data and advised farnily of those results and made referrals Reading

for those children identified as having a health concern.

= Provided case management or interventions designed to promote
health, prevent illness and address barriers to access to health care and REFERENCES
was responsible for updating files In order to document familys _
utilization and retention in each health Insurance program. a = EXCOEaY

» Attended community outreach events throughout Santa Barbara county Reference - 2 (Company
offering information on low-cost health insurance and establishing Name)
outstation support services in order to better assist families with initial
application or Annual Eligibility Renewal for Healthy Families’ Healthy
Kids/Medi-Cal.

= Participated ard conducted Healthy Kids Eligibility and Enrollment
training to other applicant assistants,

= Screened families to determine eligibility for Cal-Fresh and assist with
or-line application or quarterly reports,

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2006
Responsibilities:
= Claims processing, customer service, benefit questions, claims
research.
= Conducted research on eczema and teen depression,
= Conducted atalk on Teen Depression at The Youth Dreamers House.
* Assisted in organizing the school supply drive at The House of Ruth.
« Assisted in organizing the clothing drive at Pauls Place Received an
award for most friendly ernployee.
= Was selected to be a Peer Health Advocate and was trained to handle

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines