Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Patient Financial Advocate Website : vow. qwikresuirne, cor

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY
As aPatient Financial Advocate, responsible for assisting all scheduled CPUP and HUP outpatient

patients, assess and ultimately resolve their financial situations, prior to receiving treatment,
especially those who are uninsured, underinsured, and have low incomes,

SKILLS

Microsoft Office, Patient Care, Medical Records.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Patient Financial Advocate
ABC Corporation - july 2009- February 2014

.

Reviewed daily census/worklist to identify selfpay patients to complete assessments with
patients for finandal assistance through charity prograrns and/or state Medicaid programs.
Knowledgeable In current government financial assistance programs like Wisconsin and Illinois
Medicaid, and Crime victims.

Collected required docurnentation fromm patients to support applications submitted for review
to state agencies by the online website or faxing the application to proper departments.

Had communication with patients, hospital staff, and other agencies to maintain updates on
the process of the application or information that was needed,

Initiated Social Security application process for Social Security Disability and Supplemental
Security Income.

Assisted In training all of the new-hires by providing side-by-side guidance and providing
exceptional assistance when needed.

Experienced with Emdeon and other eligibility programs for verifying insurances,

Patient Financial Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2009

Coordinate admissions process Provides support in assisting patients and family members
Promote patient satisfaction, serving as a liaison on behalf.

Knowledge of patient registration, verifying dernographics, and provide patients with technical
and specialized financial payrnent arrangernents prior.

Able to utilize computer applications such as MS4, passport, crane-ware, QMS, MS Word,
Excel, Publisher and Outlook, Interview, and provide patients.

Discuss financial matters with the patient of representatives, and carry duties with sensitivity
and caring while still achieving account resolution,

Duties Included Managing patient accounts, setting up patients on payment plans, collecting
outstanding balances and copays, working Insurance aging,

Assist patients ta obtain government assistance for medical care.

Evaluated the patients financial status and established appropriate payment plans and siding
fee scales,

EDUCATION

BA

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings