Robert Smith Te euinee.

Volunteer Client Advocate (123)-456-7209
Info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Highly qualified individual offering more than 20 years of social service SKILLS
experience, Results focused and effectual leader with proven ability to Microsoft Office, Can
develop and maintain programms. Talent for proactively identifying and type average of 88
resolving problems, eliciting program support, referrals, volunteers and wem Custorner Service,
donations. Ability to collaborate with other agencies. Ability to work with Wakes erent, Data
di Walks with integrity,
verse groups, Walks with integrity, Entry, es
WORK EXPERIENCE
Volunteer Client Advocate LANGUAGES
ABC Corporation- July 2014 - September 2015 English (Native)
Responsibilities: French (Professional)
en Spanish (Professional)

= Collaborated with tear from various professions to develop a program
providing social and supportive services to first time fernale felons.

= Established measures for tracking progress of clients, INTERESTS

* Assisted clients charged with felonies in accessing services to assist in

developing life skills that prevent reoffending. Scam suring
* Connected clients to mental health and substance abuse services as Cooking
needed. Reading
= Assisted women with building resurnes, finding employment, and
applying for benefits,
« Advocated on behalf of clients In the courtroom with judges and REFERENCES
attorneys In both family and criminal court.
= Coriducted needs assessment with clients in and out of jail. cot RRO PREY.
Reference - 2 (Company
Client Advocate Name)
ABC Corporation- 2012 - 2014
Re sponsibilities-

= Resolved questions regarding clients mortgages, including payments,
escrow, documents, and web services.

= Utilized avarienty of prograrns to respond to client Inquiries.

= Assisted in the training of new client advocates by reviewing call
structures and client satisfaction requirments.

= Recognized my management for client cornpliments.

= Recelved 100% client satisfaction award.

* Skills Used Traning In client satisfaction and call structure.

= Mortgage information training.,

Education

Bachelor's in Psychology - August 2009(University of Oklahoma -
Norman, OK)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines