JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Passionate and ambitious Healthcare professional experienced in hands-on patient care and assisting a vast majority of clinicians in multiple
disciplines. Skilled at offering broad-based experience in medical administration and patient care management. Talented at building and
cultivating professional relationships, coordinating appointments and performing wide range of treatment procedures. Weil-defined
communication, technical and analytical aptitudes. Ready to apply over twenty years of healthcare based experience to new professional

challenges with a growth-oriented organization.

SKILLS

e Provided expert and specialized administrative patient support e Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with vast
while in Nursing & Pharmaceutical field majority of medical clinicians across multiple modalities

e Ability to corporate specialized administrative judgment in all e Advanced knowledge of medical terminology
aspects of patient care e Strong adherence to policies and procedures involving

e Strong attention to detail, accuracy, and efficiency interdisciplinary coordination of care delivery

e Ability to effectively communicate in person, by phone, and in e Acute awareness of patient flow activities including appointment
writing setting, F/U care, outside provider referrals, provider availability

e Ability to securely retrieve patient messages, alerts care teaminan «© Advanced knowledge of EHR/EMR Software
appropriate manner e Expert knowledge of Pyxis systems software & implementation
e Nursing school-trained healthcare professional

WorK HISTORY

Remote Customer Application Advocate, 07/2022 - Current
Ascension (System Office) — Baltimore, MD
e Responds to high volume of incoming calls utilizing listening and communication skills to identify customer problems, needs, and
opportunities.
e Monitors customer feedback to identify areas of improvement in customer experience.
¢« Documents customer interactions in internal database to maintain customer service history details.
e Investigates customer complaints and escalates issues to address critical requests.
e Maintains key performance indicators and acceptable performance levels to support assigned customer base.

e Enhances industry and technical knowledge through active participation in learning and growth opportunities.

Certified Pharmacy Technician (Inpatient Pharmacy), 09/2014 - 06/2020
Prisma Health Baptist Parkridge — City, STATE
e Trained pharmacy students to perform inpatient pharmacy service duties.
¢ Stocked, labeled, and inventoried medication to keep accurate records.
* Ordered medicines daily to replenish stock and increase inventory in anticipation of need.
¢ Performed various pharmacy operational activities with strong commitment to accuracy, efficiency, and service quality.
e Maintained proper drug storage procedures, registries, and records for controlled drugs.
e Performed wide range of pharmacy operations with strong commitment to accuracy, efficiency and service quality.

Certified Pharmacy Technician (Outpat. Pharmacy), 02/2008 - 09/2014
Prisma Health Richland — City, STATE
¢ Took accurate and detailed prescription orders from physicians, nurses, and other pharmacy staff over the phone
¢ Calculated dosage, filled prescriptions, and prepared prescription labels with absolute accuracy.
e Answered incoming phone calls and addressed questions from customers and healthcare providers.
e Resolved non-routine issues like third-party billing, computer system, and customer service issues.
* Consulted with insurance company representatives to complete claims processing, resolve concerns, and reconcile payments.
¢ Performed various pharmacy operational activities with strong commitment to accuracy, efficiency, and service quality.
e Restocked pharmacy shelves with current merchandise to drive consistent peripheral sales.
e Solved customer problems in-person or over telephone by providing assistance with placing orders, navigating systems, and locating items.

Certified Pharmacy Technician, 07/2003 - 02/2008

CVS Pharmacy — City, STATE
¢ Resolved non-routine issues like third-party billing, computer system, and customer service issues.
e Solved customer problems in-person or over telephone by providing assistance with placing orders, navigating systems, and locating items.
* Counted, measured and compounded medications following standard procedures.

e Reviewed and verified customer information and insurance provider information.

EDUCATION

Master of Science: Health Administration, 06/2022
University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ

Bachelor of Arts: Studio Art, 05/1993
Columbia College - Columbia, SC

South University - Columbia, SC

South University

Attended 2015, 2017

Successfully passed TEAS Exam

Completed prerequisites to enter BSN Nursing Rotations April 2018

Midlands Technical College - West Columbia, SC

Midlands Technical College

Attended 2010, 2012, 2013

Completed all prerequisites to enter ADN Nursing Rotations 2012. 2013