SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Compassionate Advocate with outstanding communication skills. Goes extra mile to provide assistance to
victims of abuse through proficient knowledge of court procedures, network of resources and hard work.
Successful [Job Title] equipped with solid understanding of related court processes and legal standards.
Drives team success by maintaining filing systems and quickly completing ad hoc requests. Advanced
communication and independent thinking abilities to manage wide-ranging legal support work.
Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and
exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving
every customer a positive and memorable experience.

Committed job seeker with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices.
Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the
organizational brand.

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.
Dedicated legal support worker brings research, recordkeeping and file management abilities. Accurate,
detail-oriented and thorough in handling critical documentation. Keeps schedules organized and facilitates
timely communication between parties.

e Risk Mitigation e MS Office

« Benefits Administration « Corporate Law

e« Policy Development e Legal Brief Preparation

« Legal Research e Attention to Detail

« Document Review e Court Proceedings

« Mediation e Database Management

« Resource Management e [Language] Fluency

« Training Delivery e Staff Supervision

« Mentorship e« Legal Case Management
« Collaboration and Teamwork e Drafting Motions and Disclosures
« Client Representation and Advisement ¢ Building Trust and Relationships
e« Depository Strategy e Litigation Support

« Document Management ¢ Office Management

« Knowledge of Federal and State Laws e MS Office Proficient

e Parliamentary Procedures e Writing and Editing

e Juror Selection e Document Preparation

e Evidence and Inference e Deadline Adherence

« Communications Drafting e« Courtroom Procedures

« Conflict Resolution e Case Management

« Criminal Law e Administrative Support

e« Verbal and Written Communication e Events Planning

e Advanced Word Processing e Policy Knowledge

e Establishing Effective Relationships « Civil Law

e Case Law and Outcome Analysis

© ADVOCATE 03/2018 to CURRENT

Great Circle | Saint James, MO

e Completed reports. paperwork and documentation accurately and on time.

e Reached out to individuals via phone, email and SMS to deliver help and support.

e Built trust and rapport with victims of violent crimes by remaining calm and compassionate in variety of
situations.

e Attended and coordinated interviews or case reviews to manage caseload.

e Advocated for victims during difficult situations by filing police reports and connecting to needed
services.

e Informed victims about legal processes and timelines.

e Provided direct support, coaching and intervention to increase self-sufficiency and goal attainment.

e Attended hearings with victims to provide emotional support.

e Performed research to respond to inquiries and interpret policy provisions.

e Identified appropriate community resources and provided referrals for services.

e Used computerized systems for tracking, information gathering and troubleshooting.

e Gathered and analyzed information to advocate safety, well-being and progress.

e Presented to general public and outside agencies to raise awareness and garner support for initiatives.

e Made appropriate referrals and follow-up referrals to be certain families received needed services.

e Performed data input to document care and services plans, needs assessments and progress notes.

e Maintained after-hours availability on rotating basis to provide on-call coverage.

e Collaborated with community providers to identify and engage natural supporters.

e Conducted presentations on victimization and other issues to create trauma-informed community.

e Recruited, trained and supervised volunteer advocates to support mission.

e Identified and implemented process improvement opportunities to achieve objectives.

e Used meetings to help clients prioritize actions and establish short- and long-term goals related to
[Type] issue.

e Assisted participants in achieving financial goals by creating spending plans and budgets.

e Supervised team of [Number] volunteers, delivering in-depth training and mentoring.

LEOAL OFFICER 11/2016 to 07/2017
Md Anderson | Galveston, TX

e Prepared contracts, governance documents and legal documentation related to business operations,
finances and non-disclosure policies.

e Managed corporate claims and litigation.

e Developed strategies to address upcoming issues with minimal disruption to corporate activities.

e Supported executive decision-making by offering sound legal advice.

e Maintained corporate compliance with laws and regulations for [Type] businesses.

¢ Monitored corporate activities to identify and mitigate legal risks.

e Researched changing laws, corporate plans and industry trends to stay ahead of concerns.

e Mediated conflicts between employees and facilitated effective resolutions to disputes.

e Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities.

e Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance.

e Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

e Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

e Resolved customer inquiries and complaints requiring management-level escalation.

e Evaluated individual and team business performance and identified opportunities for improvement.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

e Held regular one-on-one meetings with employees to review performance and priorities and provide
feedback.

e Analyzed business performance data and forecasted business results for upper management.

e Proposed or approved modifications to project plans.

LEOAL OFFICER 07/2014 to 10/2015
Md Anderson | League City, TX

e Prepared contracts, governance documents and legal documentation related to business operations,
finances and non-disclosure policies.

e Researched changing laws, corporate plans and industry trends to stay ahead of concerns.

e Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities.

e Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

e Held regular one-on-one meetings with employees to review performance and priorities and provide

feedback.
e Planned and led team meetings to review business results and communicate new and ongoing
priorities.
Associate of Arts | Law 06/2017

Law School of Tanzania, Dar Es Salaam

Ba helor of Arts | Law 10/2014
University of Iringa, Iringa
Bachelor of laws

English: B2 French: Al
a
Upper Intermediate Beginner

Negotiated: Negotiated: