PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

CERTIFICATIONS

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Driven, motivated customer service and insurance specialist offering in-depth experience in administration of
vital business projects and processes. Excellent communicator and project manager with strengths in daily
operations management, workflow improvements and customer service. Seeking to work with established
company in stable, growing field in a position of increased responsibility. Thrive in dynamic and fast-paced
environments.

e Excellent multi-tasking ability e Insurance policy coverage knowledge
e Advanced oral and written communication skills « Administrative background

© AGENT ADVOCATE & PROOF OF LOSS ADJUSTER 07/2016 to 11/2016

Take 5 Oil Change | Missouri City, TX

e Answered questions posed by insured and attorneys.

e Evaluated all evidence with the ultimate goal of creating positive outcomes for client's claims.

e Accurately documented, researched and resolved insured's issues.

e Mastery of customer service and insurance management systems and databases.

e Defused volatile insured situations calmly and courteously.

e Named as Management Handled Claim Specialist to work specifically with insured's with complaints to
resolve issues quickly and efficiently.

e Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.

e Met or exceeded service and quality standards and followed all compliance guidelines.

e Respresented Allstate Flood Department

e Ensured prompted delivery of Proof of Loss documents for insured's claim payments.

EX CUTIVE AND ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 10/2013 to 05/2016
CM Financial: New York Life | City, STATE

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.

e Managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly meetings.

e Calculated quotes and educated potential clients on insurance options.

e Followed up with customers on unresolved issues.

e Maintained computer and physical filing systems.

e Received, screened and routed incoming calls.

e Handled all incoming business and client requests for information.

e Assessed urgency and priorities before accepting or declining appointments and meetings with the

CEO.
e Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social
events.
ASOISTANT MANAGER 03/2012 to 10/2013

Pier 1 Imports | City, STATE

e Generated repeat business through exceptional customer service.

e Hired, trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing.

e Examined merchandise to verify that it was correctly priced and displayed.

e Interviewed job candidates and made staffing decisions.

e Counted cash drawers and made bank deposits.

e Assigned employees to specific duties to best meet the needs of the store.

e Promoted from Team Leader to Assistant Manager within 3 months.

e Created visual marketing and styled window displays.

e Assembled promotional displays, including quarter and full-size point of purchase displays.

« Property & Casualty Adjusting Insurance License No: 0693899

« Life and Health Insurance License No: 0693899

e« Auto Adjusting License

¢ State Farm Auto Certified: State Farm Basic User Training Certification

¢ California Fair Claims Act Certification 2017

e« NICTA Classic Car Fraud Certification 2017; Catastrophe Fraud Certification 2017

High School Diploma
Murphy High School