JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated legal support worker brings research, recordkeeping and file management abilities. Accurate, detail-oriented and thorough in
handling critical documentation. Keeps schedules organized and facilitates timely communication between parties. Motivated high school
student with a track record of academic excellence looking for part-time work. Intends to develop professional work experience utilizing
excellent communication and time management skills. Committed job seeker with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and
organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand.
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level
opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth. Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time
management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience.

SKILLS

« Community Advocacy e Attention to Detail

¢ Conflict Resolution e Team Collaboration

« Document Preparation e Administrative Support

¢ Creative and Critical Thinking © Verbal and Written Communication

¢ Drafting Motions and Disclosures e Calm Under Pressure

¢ Database Maintenance e Time Management

« Effective Multitasking ¢ Collaboration and Teamwork

« Communications Drafting ® Organization and Administration
EXPERIENCE

11/2022 to Current Advocate
Bcfs — Corpus Christi, TX
¢ Gathered and analyzed information to advocate safety, well-being and progress.
© Identified appropriate community resources and provided referrals for services.
e Advocated for victims during difficult situations by filing police reports and connecting to needed services.
e Identified and implemented process improvement opportunities to achieve objectives.
¢ Completed reports, paperwork and documentation accurately and on time.
e Made appropriate referrals and follow-up referrals to be certain families received needed services.
e Assisted participants in achieving financial goals by creating spending plans and budgets.
e Performed data input to document care and services plans, needs assessments and progress notes.

10/2020 to 01/2021 Cook Shift Leader
Spectrum Health — Bridgman, MI
¢ Oversaw inventory and ordered ingredients to restock freezers, fridges and pantry.
e Set up work stations prior to opening to minimize prep time.
¢ Maintained clean and orderly appearance throughout kitchen and dining area.
¢ Monitored supply inventory and rotated stock to maintain optimal freshness and reduce waste.
© Modified existing recipes and created new recipes to meet changing nutritional content needs.
e Taught kitchen staff about proper nutrition, food allergies and dietary issues.
e Handled advanced thawing and food pre-preparation for upcoming meals.
e Tested new recipes and menu items, following taste-test evaluation and procedural criteria.
e Followed "first in, first out" rule with every food and beverage item, tossing outdated and expired food products.
e Served as lead cook, guiding and assisting training of less experienced cooks.
e Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.
¢ Sanitized workstation at end of shift to minimize risk of salmonella and other food-borne illnesses.
e Adhered to regulatory standards regarding safe and sanitary food prep.
¢ Communicated with kitchen employees, answered questions and offered insight into food preparations.
© Cut, chopped and sliced meat and produce to prepare for cooking.
e Sanitized counters and utensils used for preparation of raw meat, poultry, fish and eggs.
e Kept kitchen, cooking utensils and storeroom clean and neat.
© Made meals in accordance with company standards and requirements.

01/2019 to 08/2019 Cashier Specialist
Buches — City, STATE

e Processed payments promptly for customers to exceed productivity standards.

¢ Helped with purchases and signed customers up for rewards program.

e Oversaw work of cashiers to identify strengths and weaknesses in customer service, payment processing or
merchandising plans.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.

© Helped fellow cashiers resolve technical, service and customer issues to maintain team efficiency and customer
satisfaction.

05/2011 to 04/2014 Carpentry and Masonry Specialist
US Army National Guard — City, STATE
e Verified trueness of construction using plumb and level.
¢ Smoothed final surfaces by removing excess mortar and finishing joints.
e Cleaned and prepared work surfaces with appropriate tools and solvents.
¢ Maintained clean and organized workplace to optimize performance, efficiency and safety.
¢ Installed windows, flooring or trim using hand or power tools.
e Restored mortar joints by removing mortar to exact depth and replacing with fresh mortar.
e Erected scaffolding to assemble above-ground structures.
e Repaired or altered structural and superficial damage to various masonry work and surfaces.
¢ Covered subfloors with building paper and lay hardwood or parquet floors by nailing to subfloor or cementing to
mastic base.
e Laid bricks or blocks in the proper configurations according to plans.
e Worked independently on projects and tasks within carpentry team.
e Readied work areas by clearing and smoothing surfaces and adjoining structures.
e Adhered to project blueprints and requirements to deliver quality work.
e Formed edges and molded joints with edging tools and jointers.
¢ Removed damaged or defective parts or sections of structures and repaired or replaced using hand tools.
e Maintained records and documented actions for progress reports.
¢ Bore boltholes in wood, masonry or concrete using electric or pneumatic drill.
e Built bracing systems, forms and supports for pouring foundations and construction.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma
Saint Francis Indian High School - Saint Francis, SD