Customer Service Advocate Phane: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational

background, and ability to work well with people with the skills! have obtained in Human
development, customer service, and public relations,

Skills

Communication, Multi-Tasking, Phone, Time Management, Interpersonal, Customer Service,
Organization, Planning, Adaptability

Work Experience

Customer Service Advocate
ABC Corporation - january 2016 - Present

Help guide and educate customers about the fundamentals and benefits of corsurmerdriven
health care topics to Include managing thelr health and well-being by selecting the best
benefit plan options, maximizing the value of thelr health plan benefits and choosing a quality
care provider,

Research complex issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to
resolve customer issues and partner with others to resolve escalated issues provide education
and status on previously subrnitted pre- authorizations or pre-determination requests,

Review and research assigned claims by navigating multiple computer systems and platforms
and accurately capturing the data/information necessary for processing.

Ensure that the proper benefits are applied to each claim by using the appropriate processes
and procedures.

Claims processing policies and procedures, grievance procedures, state mandates,
cms/medicare guidelines, benefit plan documents certificates),

Complete on a daily basis all data entry required to document and cornmunicate the status of
claims as needed adhering to all reporting requirernents,

Communicate and collaborate with members and providers to resolve claims issues, using
clear, simple language to ensure tinder standina.

Customer Service Representative
ABC Corporation - December 2014 - April 2015

Researches benefits and claims inquiries through the claims processing system and other
informational sources.
Responds to custorners, groups, and provider questions through telephone contact and

written communication using proper grammar, punctuation, etiquette, etc,

Enters modifies and adjusts claims and eligibility information in the systern.

Reviews and prepares orthodontics and carnplex service claims for processing.

Makes benefit deterrninations using renaissances/ delta dental processing guidelines.
Reviews subscribers coverage to deterrnine type and level of benefits as well as cornpare
radiographs with treatment plans.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines