PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

AFFILIATIONS

© Associate Degree In Human Services | Social Work 10/2023

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Pragmatic social work student with genuine desire to serve others and passion to help people in need. Eager
to assist clients with meeting goals _ | pride myself with having first-rate client advocacy skills and extensive
knowledge of community resources. Recognized for compassionate demeanor and excellent social
perceptiveness.

« Crisis Resolution « Coordinating Care
« Community Re-Entry Planning « Community Mental Health Programs
« Sustainable Systems e Administrative Support
« Maintaining Safety Standards e Needs Assessment
« Mental Health Care e Patient Referral
e« Psychiatric Disorders « Reading Comprehension
e« Patient Intervention e Case Conferences
« Team Meetings « Medical Records Requests
e« Behavior Observation e Encouragement and Motivation
« Excellent Customer Service Skills e Patient Interviews
FAMILY ADVOCATE 07/2022 to CURRENT

Geo Group Inc. | Compton, CA

e Support clients through crisis and beyond

e Create individualized stability plans — crisis intervention, safety plans, harm reduction

e Coordinated Entry. intakes, documentation and track expenditures

e Community engagement and outreach

e Work with landiords and property managers to prevent homelessness

e Develop and provide key resources for stability

e Partner with criminal justice system, mental health/SUD providers and all other community support.

e Fight for social justice and systemic reforms, Ensuring clients’ financial records are accurate including
reconciling accounts

MUNTAL HEALTH TECHNICIAN 10/2022 to CURRENT
Iconma, L.L.C. | Centennial, CO

e Performed scheduled patient safety checks and documented results to establish patients' well-being.

e Observed patient behaviors and mental status and notified RN of unusual or potentially dangerous
occurrences.

e Identified behaviors that necessitated intervention and obtained assistance from qualified personnel to
complete intervention.

e Applied de-escalation and limit-setting techniques to promote patient cooperation.

YC.TH SERVICES DIRECTOR 04/2021 to 07/2022
Ymca Of Metropolitan Chicago | Downers Grove, IL

e Worked with youth at community-based, non-profit educational or other organizations.

e Referred clients to appropriate team members, community agencies and organizations to meet
treatment needs.

e Developed and created programs and monitored effectiveness against individual participant needs.

e Oversaw staff development through in-depth trainings, workshops, seminars and other learning
opportunities.

e Referred families to shelters, legal resources and educational programs.

e Recruited, interviewed and hired staff members offering exceptional talent and brought great skills to
team.

e Conducted community workshops to promote different programs and educate public on available
services.

e Assisted Executive Director with researching grants and grant writing tasks.

e Developed monthly schedules and assignments for volunteer staff.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.

RESQOVERY SUPPORT SPECIALIST 05/2021 to 08/2022
Hope Network | Holland, MI

e Per Diam Employee

e Monitor patient activities

e Provide Safety checks by the appropriate level of care

e Participate in direct patient care including group facilitation and therapeutic
e Assist with verbal deescalation

e Perform Admissions including person's search -

FIC[-UCIARY OFFICER 01/2020 to 10/2020
Fidelity Investments | Cave Creek, AZ

Ensuring clients’ financial records are accurate including reconciling accounts.
* Overseeing accounts payables for clients based on client fiduciary strategies.
* Managing public benefits’ eligibility including Social Security, Medicaid, Veterans’ benefits and the like.

ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 02/2019 to 07/2019
General Electric | Anasco, PR

e Main Line of communication between families . social workers, insurance companies and doctor offices

e Administrative Duties

e Answered multi-line phone system, routing calls, delivering messages to staff and greeting visitors.

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.

e Scheduled office meetings and client appointments for staff teams.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct
activities and communicate instructions.

e Monitored supervisor's work calendar and scheduled appointments, meetings and travel.

e Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.

SACES ASSOCIATE 08/2018 to 01/2019
Heritage Federal Credit Union | Haubstadt, IN

e Ensure high levels of customer satisfaction through excellent sales service

e Assess customers needs and provide assistance and information on product features
e Welcome customers to the store and answer their queries

e Follow and achieve department's sales goals on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis
e Go the extra mile” to drive sales

e Maintain in-stock and presentable condition assigned areas

Indiana Wesleyan University, Marion, IN
¢ Continuing education into BSW program

Hig” school diploma or GED
Warren Central High School

CPR/First Aid Certified

Overdose Prevention Facilitator
SPARK Mentoring Facilitator
Certified QPR Instructor

CPI (Crisis Prevention Intervention)
DEI (Diversity,Equity and Inclusion)

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

e« Willing to relocate: Anywhere, Authorized to work in the US for any employer

| currently serve on the Board of Directors for Youth Connections.

Active volunteer at “Outreach - Indianapolis.”