JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Personable and dedicated Customer Service Representative with extensive experience in Healthcare industry. Solid team player with upbeat,
positive attitude and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company
success. Specialize in quality, speed and process optimization. Articulate, enthusiastic and results-oriented with demonstrated passion for
building relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

SKILLS

e Microsoft Word and Excel. e Customer satisfaction
e Insurance practices ¢ Decision making
¢ Patient relations © Delivery
* Decision making e Directing
¢ Organizational skills ¢ Documentation
e Appointment confirmation e Filing
¢ Medical filing e Inspection
¢ Bookkeeping support e Inventory levels
¢ Schedule management © Neat
¢ Bookkeeping, Safety e Network
e Charts, Sales © Policies
¢ Conflict resolution, Speeches ® Prioritizing patients
* Continuous improvement, Store management

EXPERIENCE

Patient Advocate/Operations Coordinator, 09/2019 - Current
Family Health Centers Of Southwest Florida — Fort Myers, FL
¢ Documented patient activities, problems with coverage and hospital actions.
e Assisted patients in selecting appropriate courses of actions and obtaining needed support.
e Managed database of patient information and frequently used computerized systems to track details.
© Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to all types of patient questions and concerns.
¢ Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.
® Utilized customer service skills and detailed system knowledge to support hospital and clinic operations.
* Coordinated between patients and healthcare professionals to meet patient needs.
* Accessed patient information through variety of office software applications, maintaining strict confidentiality to remain compliant with
HIPAA regulations.
e Liaised between customers and management to ensure smooth operations delivery.
¢ Managed administrative staff and trained new hires on office procedures and policies.
¢ Performed various clerical tasks, including making phone calls, replying to emails and data entry.
e Accurately documented each activity for each patient in specified databases.
e Oversaw simultaneous functions with high efficiency and accuracy.

Patient Care Coordinator, 07/2017 - 09/2019
Bearcom — Quincy, MA
¢ Scheduled evaluations and procedures for patients.
¢ Provided patients with treatment information, ensured comprehension.
e Liaised effectively with patients, doctors and staff members, assessing medical charts and ensuring a high level of communication and
interaction.
¢ Established a strong work network by building professional relationships with physicians and fellow employees.
e Enabled positive patient outcomes through delivery of value-added services.
e Reviewed inventory levels on a monthly basis to assure that the pharmaceutical office was well-stocked with the needed supplies.
* Coordinated between patients and healthcare professionals to meet patient needs.
e Accessed patient information through a variety of office software applications.
¢ Scheduled patient appointment and procedures with Sycle.net.
¢ Scheduled and confirmed patient appointments with patients and healthcare professionals.
e Checked daily doctor schedules and verified insurance.

Sales Manager, 08/2016 - 08/2018
Providence Health & Services — Seaside, OR
e Established, enforced and updated policies to keep business agile and responsive to changing market conditions.
e Engaged professionally with Personal Trainers and customers to build rapport and nurture relationships.
e Added exciting fitness products to establishment by researching latest trends, improving sales revenues.
¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and boost bottom-line profitability.
e Generated daily operational and sales reports for corrective action or continuous improvement.
« Empowered staff members to contribute to continuous improvement, quality and growth of company by using motivational speeches and
incentives.

e Directed all day-to-day operations of gym facility to provide safe and enjoyable guest experience.

Shift Supervisor, 01/2014 - 07/2016
Romano's Macaroni Grill — City, STATE
¢ Monitored employee performance and safety, conducting retraining to correct problems and optimize productivity.
e Answered and resolved customer questions and concerns.
¢ Kept areas clean, neat and inspection-ready at all times, maintaining strict compliance with food safety guidelines to keep products within
tight tolerances.
e Assisted store management with meeting standards of service and quality in daily operations.
* Motivated team members to complete assigned tasks and perform at exceptional levels.
e Performed store opening and closing procedures, including setting up registers and checking products.
e Used Word and Excel to report inventory balances and cycle counts.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 2010
Palm Beach Central High School - Wellington, FL

Florida Gulf Coast University - Fort Myers, FL

Palm Beach State College - Lake Worth, FL

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS