JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of Collections and training in how Collection Software works. Motivated to learn, grow and excel. Collections Advocate with
about 2.5 years of successful experience - Recognized consistently for performance excellence and contributions to success in Collection

industry.
SKILLS
« Complaint Resolution e Payment processing
e Multi-line phone talent ¢ Conflict resolution
« Computer proficient ¢ Keyboarding
¢ Data Entry e Credit card and ACH processing
¢ Call center operations e Various software programs
« Data entry
Work History
09/2017 to Current Collections Advocate

Rdo Equipment Co. — Missoula, MT

* Counseled debtors on payment options and arranged installment agreements.

* Processed payments on accounts.

¢ Recorded all information regarding financial status of customers.

¢ Used probing techniques to determine debtors’ reasons for delinquency.

¢ Resolved challenging situations with friendly but firm strategies.

e Negotiated to collect balance in full.

¢ Handled high volume of in-bound calls pertaining to reconciliation of delinquent accounts.

© Used scripted conversation prompts to convey current account information and obtain payments.
e Processed payments and applied to customer balances.

e Worked in call center environment handling manual and automatically dialed outbound calls.

e Trained new team members on scripts, company services and performance strategies and provided mentoring.
e Researched accounts and completed due diligence to resolve collection problems.

e Handled outbound and inbound calls daily with goal of collecting owed debt.

¢ Maintained high volume of calls to meet demands of busy group.

¢ Processed payments on multiple accounts.

08/2015 to 10/2017 Sales Coordinator

Wipfli Llp — Sterling, IL

¢ Customer satisfaction.

e Generated clients and secured sales.

e Established working relationships with clients

e Supervised sales team of 6 people, stepping in to support employees and ensure smooth sales processes for clients.

¢ Provided effective recommendations to increase customer satisfaction and ensure marketing effectiveness

e Ran the front registers. Stock , organize, setup Dispays in my dedicated area.

e Offered each customer top-notch, personal service and polite support

© Supported loss prevention goals by maintaining accurate drawers and monitoring shopper behavior.

e Coordinated efficient restocking of sales floor with current merchandise and accurate signage for current
promotions.

e Applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft.

e Refunded payments for returned items, processed exchanges and offered store credit to achieve customer
satisfaction.

e Lowered theft by watching customers, noticing security risks and talking and making eye contact.

¢ Greeted customers, helped locate merchandise and suggested suitable options.

e Checked pricing, scanned items, applied discounts and printed receipts to ring up customers.

¢ Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.

© Displayed merchandise by arranging in appealing and orderly way to boost sales.

07/2012 to 04/2014 Sales Office Manager

K M Distributing — City, STATE

¢ Completed weekly payroll for independent contractor.

e Handled all incoming business and client requests for information.

© Provided complete meeting support, including materials preparation and notes or minute taking.

e Coordinated, overseeing of Independent contractors.

¢ Recruited and hired qualified candidates for vacant and new positions.

e Streamlined office operations by computerizing activities, managing customer communications, scheduling
payments and tracking records and documents.

¢ Kept physical files and digitized records organized for easy updating and retrieval by authorized team members.

e Managed costs and billing and resolved financial discrepancies effectively through organizational management of
account information using Biztrack software.

e Handled new-hire orientation and basic recruiting tasks for best-in-class talent identification.

e Received, screened and routed incoming calls.

© Delivered expert clerical support by efficiently handling wide range of routine and special requirements.

¢ Maintained computer and physical filing systems.

01/2009 to 04/2014 Tax Professional

EpucaTION

BCTI - Portland, OR

H & R Block — City, STATE

e Prepared tax returns for clients according to government regulations and requirements.

e Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions, and potential
liabilities.

e Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.

¢ Interviewed clients to collect information and gather necessary paperwork prior to preparing tax returns.

e Conducted reviews of internal tax documentation, reducing errors related to missed tax benefits.

e Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas.

e Maintained high-quality control standards by reviewing internal tax preparation documents for missed tax benefits.

e Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or deductions.

e Facilitated integration of modern tax software with client accounting software.

¢ Offered clients recommendations to reduce tax liabilities.

¢ Call prior client to and schedule appt for currant year.

¢ Help other associates.

e Keep office stocked with supplies.

e E-File and/ or print returns to paper file.

© Collect Tax prep fees