JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Enthusiastic student with superior skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities. Bringing strong work ethic and excellent
organizational skills to any setting. Dependable student with experience in high stress environments. Industrious and motivated to work
independently and as team player. Successful at accomplishing student projects. Strong analytical thinker and problem solver quick to learn
new skills. Passionate about public service and community involvement, highlighted through volunteer work. Works effectively with
colleagues, students and community to create diverse, inclusive office and campus. Reliable student offering proven history of leadership and
dedication shown through 3 years of achievement with student-run program.

SKILLS

« Empathy e Therapeutic equipment

* Conflict mediation * Body mechanics

e Multitasking ¢ Patient evaluations

e Proactive problem solving e Heavy caseloads

« Personable nature e Range of motion exercises

¢ Recording histories © Reliable and trustworthy

¢ Patient interviewing skills e Team building

¢ Sterilization procedures e Organizational skills

* Confidence building * Relationship building

« Student progress analysis e Working collaboratively

¢ Innovative teaching methods e Team translation

¢ Student motivation e Grammar and punctuation expertise

« Foundational knowledge ¢ Active listening

e HIPAA requirements © Professional written communication abilities
EXPERIENCE

05/2017 to Current Patient Advocate
Medstar Health — Springfield, VA
e¢ Empathized with those who experienced trauma or loss and used my best efforts to provide support.
e Remained calm with distressed patients.
e Followed infection control policies and procedures.
¢ Worked with patients to appeal insurance decisions and coordinated with providers to resolve problems.
¢ Managed database of patient information and frequently used computerized systems to track details.
e Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to all types of patient questions and concerns.
© Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.
© Utilized customer service skills and detailed system knowledge to support hospital and clinic operations.
¢ Coordinated between patients and healthcare professionals to meet patient needs.
e Accessed patient information through variety of office software applications, maintaining strict confidentiality to
remain compliant with HIPAA regulations.

01/2018 to 06/2019 Restaurant Specialist
King-Chavez Neighborhood Of Schools — San Diego, CA
e Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.
e Communicated clearly and positively with coworkers and management.
e Followed procedures for safe food preparation, assembly and presentation.
e Resolved complaints promptly and professionally.
¢ Cross-trained and coordinated scheduling with team members to ensure seamless service.
e Exhibited thorough knowledge of foods, beverages, supervisory duties, service techniques and guest interactions.

08/2016 to 09/2017 One-Step, Physical Therapy Technician
Rehab — City, STATE
e Interacted with patients of different ages, races, and socio-economic backgrounds.
e Instructed patients on use of adaptive devices like walkers, crutches, or canes.
e Educated family members and caregivers regarding therapeutic routines.
e Administered electroshock therapy for patients.
e Assisted the Physical Therapist with documentation and translated for him when necessary.
e Encouraged patient participation with tasks and therapies.
* Overcame patient resistance to therapies.
e Set up equipment and gear for physical therapy appointments according to treatment plans.
¢ Followed up with patients about needs and appointments.
¢ Supported patients in physical therapy procedures to restore function and decrease pain.
e Observed patients during treatments to compile and evaluate data on responses and progress, providing results to
physical therapists.

09/2013 to 07/2016 Tutor
High School — City, STATE
e Enhanced the learning experience of the student by giving my undivided attention.
© Developed training materials, such as handouts, study materials and quizzes.
¢ Helped students with subject knowledge as well as general abilities in learning, studying and retaining information.
e Worked closely with students in grades 5 through 9, helping to develop math and essay writing skills.
e Traveled to students' homes, libraries and schools to conduct tutoring sessions.
¢ Instructed students from diverse socio-economic backgrounds to help to improve writing skills and excel in school.
e Collaborated with students, parents, teachers and school administrators to determine students’ needs and develop
effective tutoring strategies.
© Quizzed students on learning materials and used special techniques to help in subject matter recall.
e Created a comfortable tutoring environment conducive to learning.
¢ Provided test preparation support for routine, standardized and college entrance examinations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

08/2021 Bachelor of Arts: Biological Sciences
Wayne State University - Detroit, MI
¢ Orphan Relief President
e Presidential Award Recipient

Dual Enrollment
Henry Ford College - Dearborn, MI
* Completed coursework in Psychology, Anatomy and Physiology.

06/2016 High School Diploma
Crestwood High School, Crestwood School District - Dearborn Heights, MI
¢ Student to Student Member
e Advanced Placement Scholar Award Recipient
e National Society of High School Scholars Award
¢ Honor Roll 2012-2016