Health Advocate Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

As a Health Advocate, responsible for Working with Health Services Coordinator to implernent the
following health components throughout WCFD Early Childhood Prograrns general health, oral
health, health education, and nutrition to ensure that all children and pregnant women receive the
maximum health care as required by the State Statutes & Head Start Performance Standards.

Skills

Marketing Analyst, Carnpaign Management, Ernail Strategist, Cormmunication,

Work Experience

Health Advocate
ainsi Lakes Community Health - October 2013 - 2020

Developed, set, and implernented class curriculums and programs for standalone and ongoing
classes.

Prepared from middle school to college, adults, professionals, and parents,

Collaborated with school educators and local agencies to create specific programs to fit the
needs of students and clients,

Maintalned these relationships to ensure successful prograrnming,

Prepared and completed state reports relating to education and cornmunity outreach for
reproductive health and insurance enralrnent,

Assisted individuals to enroll inthe New York State of Health enroll in Qualified Health Plans
and assist eligible Individuals to enroll In Medicaid,

Educated the public on the benefits of health insurance and what health insurance provides
for individuals and farnilies.

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2013

Reviewed and adjudicated medical and hospital clairns to meet stated contractual deadlines
for Medicare and Medicaid carriers.

Maintained contractual and regulatory quality standards of 98% financial accuracy and 97%
procedural accuracy through internal systems to insure .

Technical Skills Keystone Mercy Health Plan internal claims systems, advanced user of

Microsoft Office Products.

Provides all-care support for individuals with Alzheimers for their farnilies.

Plans activities to keep individuals engaged and excited Provides meal plans and prepares
food for Individuals Advocates for Individuals with thelr ,

and takes them into consideration when it cores to diet and exercise.

Supervise social activities of dernentia and the Alzheimer client, and assist In promoting the
quality of life in clients.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines