LINDA LEE

Jan 2011 - Present

Jun 2010 - Aug 2010

Jan 2005 - Aug 2010

Work experience

Victim Advocate

Center of Protective Environment (COPE)

Assist victims of domestic violence by providing a full range of services, including assistance with
crisis intervention, court support, community relations, and community referrals.

Key
© Prevented a woman from losing her children through diligent research and communication.

© Presented compelling evidence in the cases of two clients resulting in pro bono legal
representation for both.
© Composed a client success story presented to civic leaders by the Director of COPE.

Victim Advocate
Tweltth Jugicial District, Lincoln County, NM
APPLIED SOCIOLOGY INTERNSHIP

Drives efficiency while providing dedicated support to the Deputy District Attorney, Assistant
District Attorney, and Victim Advocate.

« Selected by the District Office Manager to conduct statistical review of crime rates and victim
advocacy services in Lincoln County due to demonstrated knowledge and skill in quantitative
research and applied data analysis; this project supports the DA's Intent to request additional
victim advocacy funding when presenting the fiscal budget to the Legislative Finance
Committee.

© Given sole responsibility for duties of Victim Advocate due to her leave of absence, With little
training, | immediately stepped in to the position. Received excellent feedback about my
performance.

Education

Texas State University - San Marcos
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN APPLIED SOCIOLOGY, surmma cum laude

Relevant coursework; Juvenile Delinquency, Criminology, Applied Data Analysis, SPSS software,
and Quantitative and Qualitative Research Methods; achieved Dean's List each semester.

MINOR: FORENSIC PSYCHOLOGY

Relevant coursework: Fundamentals of Criminal Law, Forensic Evidence, Forensic Psychology,
Social Psychology, Personality Psychology, and Crime Theory and Victimization

Skills
Visual Basic programming ———=—=—=zzzz&{{{——————————————————
language
Microsoft Office Suite, DOS, ———_——_—_

Windows, Macintosh

SPSS software

SPSS (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences) predictive analytics software
used to evaluate data for research.