Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

While I have held a variety of jobs, my true passion relies in all things water and education related. I am currently in school for
biological science because I love exploring all life on earth, especially in the water. I obtained my PADI Advanced Open Water dive
certification because it allows me to explore a whole new environment. I am passionate about helping children explore the water and

learn about the amazing creatures on this earth.

Skills
¢ Swimming lessons ¢ Strong client relations
e Full safety compliance e Communication
¢ Pool policies enforcement e Team player
¢ Lifeguard procedures e Program management
¢ Attention to detail ¢ Fast learner
e Emergency response ° Dedicated
e Equipment management e AED certification
¢ Professional development e Microsoft Office
¢ Problem resolution * CPR and First Aid certified

Experience

Guest Advocate, 08/2019 to 10/2019
Krystal — Cartersville, GA
¢ Handled payment processing duties and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.
¢ Guaranteed guest satisfaction and positive experience through genuine, enthusiastic and friendly interactions.
e Helped customers find specific products, answering questions and offering advice.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
e Troubleshot and resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.

e Read weekly sales inserts and tracked changing prices to remain up-to-date on store promotions.

Cashier, 02/2019 to 07/2019
Lyon Living - Campbell, CA
e Observed company return policy when processing refunds, including inspecting merchandise for wear or damage.
¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.
¢ Processed returned items in accordance with store policy.
¢ Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find necessary store items.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answering questions and offering advice.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
e Drove sales and add-on purchases by promoting specific item options to customers.
e Read weekly sales inserts and tracked changing prices to remain up-to-date on store promotions.
e Troubleshot and resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.
¢ Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
e Properly verified customer identification for alcohol or tobacco purchases.
¢ Processed customer payments quickly and returned exact change and receipts.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
¢ Maintained high productivity by efficiently processing cash, credit, debit and voucher program payments for customers.

Assistant Manager, 03/2017 to 07/2018
Subway — City, STATE
e Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.
e Coached and mentored employees by delivering training, guidance and performance monitoring.
¢ Provided leadership and direction for employees, supervising activities to drive productivity and efficiency.
e Enhanced sales by implementing merchandising and promotional improvements.
¢ Maintained positive work ethic and commitment to providing excellent service to improve operations efficiency and customer
satisfaction.
¢ Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize team productivity.
¢ Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum efficiency.
¢ Processed customer payments quickly and returned exact change and receipts.
¢ Completing end-of-day counts and securing funds to prevent loss or theft.

¢ Troubleshot and resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.

Lifeguard, Swim Instructor, After-School Care, 07/2014 to 11/2016
YMCA - City, STATE
¢ Kept equipment in good working order with frequent inspections and minor repairs.
¢ Updated logs detailing weather conditions, treatments provided and incident information to keep management informed of
activities.
¢ Consistently complied with pool regulations and policies while encouraging staff to adhere to guidelines.
e Maintained neat and clean pool area and clean water at all times.
¢ Routinely completed safety update training and ensured all patrons followed safety rules.
¢ Patrolled pool areas to identify anyone in need of assistance and provide immediate care.
¢ Led swimmer instructional lessons with participants of varying ages to share optimal swim techniques and build strength.
* Monitored behaviors for safety violations and took steps to prevent further violations.
« Contacted emergency personnel and provided aid while waiting for further assistance.
* Kept watch over swimmers to ensure fast response when distress situations arose.
¢ Maintained strong proficiency in CPR, First Aid, oxygen and water rescue techniques to provide optimal support to individuals
in distress.
¢ Garnered valuable advice to new swimmers on specific techniques and provided tips on building strength.
e Reminded patrons to walk carefully and avoid running around or near pool edges to prevent falls.
¢ Alerted patrons to immediate storm conditions by directing them to exit water immediately.
¢ Logged one to two chemical readings per shift to keep pool water at safe levels and avoid potential for illness among patrons.
e Encouraged students to practice swimming strokes to improve technique and skills.
¢ Engaged with students to help them acclimate to and become comfortable in pool.
¢ Demonstrated freestyle and breast swimming strokes through repetition and proper positioning.
« Documented each student's progress and gave constructive feedback for areas that could be improved.

« Communicated effectively with coaches and fellow athletes, including organizing meetings.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science: Applied Biological Science
Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ

Associate of Arts: 08/2019
Stark State College - Canton, OH

Certifications

¢ PADI Advanced Open Water Diver
e Emergency First Responce -CPR, First Aid, and AED