ROBERT SMITH
Patient Advocate

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

To obtain a position where | can apply my skills in any health care facility, with an opportunity to
promote within the company.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Personnel Management, Process Improvement, Training & Development, Case
Management, Health Education, Sales, Repon Preparation, Records Management, Conflict
Management, Project Management, Advocacy, Electronic Medical Records, Recruiting.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Patient Advocate
ABC Corporation - February 2012 ~ November 2014

oe! Deliverables:

Interview patients or theirrepresentatives to identify problems relating to care.

» Coordinate communication between patients, family members, medical statf, administrative
sta, or regulatory agencies.

« Maintain knowledge of community services and resources available to patients.

« Reler patients to appropriate health care Services or resources:

» Investigate and direct patient inquiries or compiaints io appropriate medical staff members
and lollow up to ensure.satisfactory resolution,

* Explain policies, procedures, or services to patients using medical or administrative
knowledge,

* Collect and repon data on topics siich as patient encounters and inter-institutional
problems, making recommendations for change when appropriate.

Patient Advocate
MEDICAL CAPITAL RECOVERY - 2007 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

Detemmined coverage options at the emergency room !or patients without heaith insurance,

= Third party collector {for hospital.

« Called insurance companies to venty coverage

» Screened patients over the phone and at the emergency room for government assistance
with medical payments.

» Called OAG (Crime Victims Dept.) and local clficé to follow up with patients application
process.

» Worked on Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, Crime Victims, AAD, SS! and ASDI cases.

» Managed an average of 50 accounts par day.

EDUCATION

I
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines