ROBERT SMITH
Health Advocate

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A graduating senior prepared to obtain a career-entry position in the area of health promotion and
disease prevention. Major strength includes successful coursework, relevant experience in solving
health-related problems, strong communication skills and health care experiance,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Mircosoft Word, Planning and Implementing program.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - February 2011 ~ October 2014

Key Deliverables:

Helped the children jearn, eat, and brush their teeth,

» Became a floating aide and worked avery day in a dillarent room giving people time off still
assisting the teacher;

» Coordinated &amp; taught health and life skills classes such as nutrition, hygiene,
character education, managing emotions, &amp; bullying prevention,

» Developed health assessment needs survey to interview 140 children &amp; arrange
relerrais.

» Created health and weliness programs tor the campus Provide a:sate and confidential
space for students to talk about health-related topics.

» Utilized social media piatlonns to spread awareness conceming Psoriasis and other
autoimmune diseases globally,

« Traveled to meetings ail over the country to provide input regarding future medical
treatments te various phamnaceutical companies:

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2011

ay Deliverables:

Conduct outreach and to engage community members.

= Create links and connections between vulnerable populations and resources,

» Educate community members on proper use of health and social service systems,

* Facilitate communication and cooriination al services between community members and
providers.

« Coach community members in etfective management of health conditions and sall-care.

» Support and-advocate for underserved individuats,

» Establish and maintain positive working relationships with community members and
community partners.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines