JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Seasoned Patient Advocate successful at resolving conflicts, managing multiple simultaneous responsibilities and building strong relationships.

SKILLS

« Compassionate client care e Courteous demeanor
e Behavior redirection e Senior leadership support
* Quality program protocols © Conflict mediation
* Care plan management ¢ Customer relations
¢ Client safety and first aid e Reporting
* Customer Support ¢ Recording histories
e MS Office proficiency ¢ Appointment confirmation
* Verbal Communication © Medical filing
e Safety regulations © Medical billing
* Quality Assurance e Organization
e Customer Service ¢ Problem resolution
¢ Problem Resolution © Reliable & trustworthy
¢ Call Center Operations

EXPERIENCE

Patient Advocate, 12/2021 - 07/2022
Cancer Care Northwest — Coeur D Alene, ID
¢ Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to patient questions and concerms.
¢ Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.
e Managed database of patient information and frequently used computerized systems to track details.
e Assisted patients in selecting appropriate courses of actions and obtaining needed support.
°
e Analyzed accuracy and completeness of patient documents such as insurance claims, medical bills and legal paperwork.
e Explained policies, procedures and services to patients.
e Addressed patients’ complaints-head on, investigated concerns and worked with medical staff to devise solutions.

e Maintained knowledge of community services and resources and referred patients to appropriate organizations.

Home Health Aide, 05/2021 - 05/2022
Promedica Senior Care — Raleigh, NC
e Assisted clients with bathing, dressing and incontinence care.
e Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
« Managed patient transportation and appointment scheduling.
¢ Monitored client behaviors and emotional states, reporting concerns to case manager and documenting information in files.
* Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients to facilitate smooth, quality care.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
* Organized games and other activities to engage clients and offer mental stimulation.
¢ Prepared high-quality nutritious meals for patients to promote better overall health and improve eating habits.
e Assisted terminally ill patients with bathing, grooming and dressing.
© Mopped floors, vacuumed, washed dishes and performed other household chores to assist clients.
e Transported clients to doctor's appointments and errands.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
e Tracked and reported clients' progress based on observations and conversations.
* Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
© Helped client with medication self-administration.
e Cared for patients by assisting with personal hygiene tasks and completing basic household chores.
e« Accompanied clients to doctors' offices and on other trips outside home, providing transportation, assistance and companionship.
« Recognized emergency situations and implemented appropriate procedures.
« Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.

Customer Service Representative, 04/2020 - 05/2021
Clean Harbors — Sandy, UT
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
* De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.
e Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.
* Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.
e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
¢ Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.
e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

*« Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.

Crew Member, 03/2019 - 04/2020
Wendy's Company — Cuyahoga Falls, OH
¢ Wiped down tables and equipment, swept and refilled stock.
e Kept restaurant lobby, front counter, drive-thru, kitchen and restrooms neat and clean throughout shift.
¢ Packed fast food products in approved containers, cups and bags.
¢ Upheld high standards of productivity and quality in operations.
e Answered customer questions and took orders.
¢ Kept restaurant lobby, front counter and restrooms neat and clean throughout shift.
e Entered orders into computer system to send order details to kitchen, mentioning customers’ special requests and food allergies in person.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 05/2021
Desoto County High School - Arcadia, FL