Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alab

Service Advocate (123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm
PERSONAL STATEMENT
1) Psychology Instructor in the 90's at college in Las Vegas, NV x 10 years SKILLS
2) USAF x 10+ years as a medic and photojournalist In US and Europe 3) Demonstrated Ability To
three earned university degrees (/.e., BAYEnglish; MS/Cornmunity Assist Clients With
Counseling; and PsyD/Psy chology) 4) five different volunteer social Activities, :
organizations to give back to ry cornmunity [see all on website at Z
http://www, wjackson. net).
LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE
English (Native)
Service Advocate French (Professional)
ABC Corporation- July 2014 - February 2016 Spanish (Professional)

Re sponsibilities:
« Advocate for and supporting the individuals serve to ensure they are as INTERESTS
independent as possible.

* Develop and maintain a positive relationship with individuals served. Climbing
Snowboarding

= Teach daily living Skills to individuals served. Cooking

= Provide oneonone or group community integration outings. Reading

* Monitor individual physical and ernotional health, obtain services as
directed and report all significant issues to the coordinator.
= Administer individuals medications, REFERENCES

= Write shift summaries on a dally basis.
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Advocate Reference - 2 (Company
Priest River Ministries - 2010 - 2014 Name)

Re sponsibilties:

= for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault and trafficking

= Volunteer one day per week to act as advocate if victims are in need of
assistance, shelter, clothing, Civil Protection Orders, and childcare

= Perform shelter checks at three local locations

= Spokane Neighborhood Action Partners (SNAP), Spokane, WA 2015-
Present Grant writing assistant for Living Green, energy
conservatiory awareness outreach program

= Responsible for research of potential grants available, completion of
Letters of Interest (LOIs), Completion of grant applications,
edit/proofreading, and other misc

= tasks as needed

= Golden Key International Honor Society Member since 2014.

Education

Bachelor of Artsin Early Childhood Education Administration -
(Ashford University - San Diego, CA)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines