Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Customer Advocate Website : vaww.qwikresume, com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

6 years of experience as a Customer Advocate, Seeking to apply the skills | have obtained and to
acquire new skills to become a valued employee and an asset to my ernployer,

SKILLS

Fax, Copy Machine, Multi-Line Phone Systern, Custorner Service, Money Handling, Cash Register,
Typing, and Inventory Control,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Advocate
ABC Corporation - Decernber 2005 - April 2011

.

Assist the member service departrnent with various inquiries,

Some of these inquiries included solvirig explanation of benefits questions, providing benefit
and policy information and assisting with locating doctors and hospitals In the blue cross and
blue shield network,

Focus on our client and custorners needs and expectations to ensure the best possible
information and/or resolution is provided.

Manage customer relationship by performing the full range of customer service flinctions, use
common courtesy and discretion to achieve custorner loyalty.

Review all custorners account Information while on calls to identify and match customers
needs with the appropriate product and or services.

Utilize troubleshooting guides and tler 1 troubleshooting on all calls that require device
assistance.

Exercise sound Independent judgement within established limits of authority,

Customer Service Representative
ABC Corporation - October 2005 - Novernber 2005

| processed various transactions including money deposits, withdrawals, and processed loan
ayments,

Unise had te keep a record of all.of my transactions throughout the day on the computer

database and balance my drawer every evening before leaving.

In this job, | was able to utilize ry strong customer service skills and learned the ability to

work In a high paced, stressful environment.

Recelved numerous customer service awards for critical to quality accuracy, high turnovers,

and increased customer renewals,

Utilized Siebel software for data entry of customer service Information for accuracy ariel

quality control.

Typed memos, correspondence, reports and other documentation including follow-up letters

to custorners to ensure thelr questions were addressed and to assure ther of support

throughout the life of their membership.

Created customer Satisfaction survey utilizing Microsoft Word to drastically reduce potential

problems,

EDUCATION

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings