SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

¢  Interdisciplinary teamwork ¢ Quality improvements.
¢ Patient relationship management e Document management
© ADVOCATE 01/2027 to CURRENT

Great Circle | Springfield, MO

¢ Completed reports, paperwork and documentation accurately and on time.

e Identified appropriate community resources and provided referrals for services.

e Identified appropriate community resources and provided clients with referrals.

e Built knowledge of resources available to victims, either through private groups. publicly sponsored
programs or community resources.

e Responded to hotline calls. offering assistance and support information after assessing needs.

e Transported clients to appointments and court hearings, delivering compassionate, continued support
in difficult situations.

e Built trust and rapport with victims of violent crimes by remaining calm and compassionate in variety of
situations.

e Developed plans to meet needs of families concerning education and skills.

FRONT DESK AGENT 02/2018 to CURRENT
Sage Hospitality Resources, Lip | Alexandria, VA

e Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in
process.

e Greeted incoming guests warmly, issued room keys and shared information on policies and amenities.

e Posted charges, updated accounts and issued bills to departing guests.

e Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.

e Completed end-of-day reporting and balanced registers to maintain financial accuracy.

e Received incoming calls and coordinated with hotel staff to fulfill requests and resolve issues.

e Responded to inquiries and room requests made online, by phone or email.

e Balanced accounts and conducted nightly audits to keep bookkeeping current.

e Input customer data into reservation software and made immediate updates to reflect room changes.

REGISTRATION CLERK 06/2019 to 11/2021
Clarion Hospital | Clarion, PA

« Welcomed patients to facility and assisted with registration sign-in process.

e Responded to incoming department phone calls and directed callers to appropriate team members
based on need.

e Processed cash, debit and credit card payments for services rendered and printed receipts detailing
services.

e Explained forms and documents to patients, guardians and family members, distributing copies and
confirming comprehension.

e Registered patients for outpatient procedures and emergency services.

e Asked various questions from clients to obtain the information necessary for paperwork.

e Carefully checked insurance information for benefits coverage and input pre-authorization documents
into system.

e Maintained HIPAA compliance and integrity of hospital policies and procedures.

e Adhered to HIPAA guidelines and maintained integrity of hospital policies and procedures.

e Worked with nurses and other clinic staff to process patients and direct to appropriate departments.

e Collaborated with nurses and other personnel to process patient paperwork and direct to appropriate
departments.

LACORATORY TECHNICIAN 07/2017 to 06/2019
Iconma, L.L.C. | VA, State

e Collected, labeled and stored lab samples according to laboratory specifications.

e Supervised cleaning and maintenance of laboratory equipment to prevent errors and breakdowns.

e Prepared test samples and obtained and recorded test data in accordance with standards.

e Communicated with outside parties and laboratory management regarding test results.

e Completed lab tests and communicated results to supervising staff.

e Maintained, calibrated and troubleshot pH probes. EC meters, balances, automatic pipettes and
diluters.

INCERNSHIP STUDENT 06/2016 to 12/2016
Intel Corp. | Allentown, PA

e Shadowed staff and learned advanced work.

« Completed thorough research into different topics and prepared reports detailing information obtained
and relevant insights.

e« Kept up with busy schedule of work and studies to maintain class standing and internship eligibility.

e Supported projects by keeping files organized, sharing communications and preparing spaces for
meetings.

e Helped staff members with writing correspondence, restocking supplies and other administrative needs.

« Demonstrated enthusiasm and strong communication skill, remaining open to learning new things every
day.

e Adhered to strict security protocols to protect data confidentiality.

ACOMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 09/2003 to 09/2005
Food And Drug Administration | City, STATE

e Organized and maintained filing and document management systems by coordinating. archiving and
purging files.

e Handled management of communication to executives by taking and making telephone calls, reviewing
and prioritizing mail and composing and typing correspondence.

e Updated details in company database by keying in customer contacts and delivery dates.

e Maintained inventory in supply closet to prevent shortages.

e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel.

e Monitored attendance records by taking note of staff vacation time, sick days and personal days.

e Arranged travel and hotel accommodations for international and domestic business meetings and trips.

e Developed administrative processes to achieve organizational objectives and improve office efficiency.

Bachelor of Science | Public Health 42/2020
New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM

AsCociate of Applied Science | Public Health 06/2018
New Mexico State University - Dona Ana Community College, Las Cruces, NM

AsCociate of Arts | Secretarial Studies And Office Administration 06/2002
Kumasi Technical University, Kumasi -Ghana

Hic» School Diploma 06/4993
Agogo State High, Agogo - Ghana

English: Ti:
Negotiated: Negotiated:

e Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Training - 2021
« Vendor Risk Management Training - Training - 2021
« NIST Risk Management Frame Work - FISMA Training -2021