JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated professional with demonstrated strengths in childcare, tme management, and learning quickly. Good at troubleshooting problems
and building successful solutions. Excellent verbal and written communicator with strong background cultivating positive relationships and
exceeding goals. I am an extremely dependable employee seeking an opportunity to expand my skills. I consider myself to be hardworking,
ethical, and detail- oriented. I am always up for a new challenge and excited to be a part of your team and make a valuable contribution to
your school. I love kids and in the past have both worked at a daycare as a preschool teacher and had an in home daycare.

SKILLS
« Call Answering and Routing e Caring and Responsible
¢ Positive Attitude and Energetic e Child Supervision
« Organization and Efficiency e Early Childhood Development
e Needs Assessment ¢ Rule Enforcement
¢ Social and Emotional Development e Child Advocacy
Work History

05/2022 to Current Advocate
Bcfs — Miami, FL

© Worked effectively with fellow team members to coordinate effective solutions to any question or concern.

e Supported individuals with legal, physical or mental health concerns in dealing with routine needs and complex
problems.

© Organized supporting documentation for individuals under evaluation and coordinated paperwork transfers to
correct staff members.

* Onboarded and monitored program participants and guided each through entry-level stages.

e Worked with clients to improve life choices and maximize benefits of programs.

e Educated potential participants on available services and processes to engage in program.

e Determined needed and relevant interventions based on each client's cognitive abilities and current needs.

¢ Compiled socioeconomic data for specific program eligibility determinations and large-scale research purposes.

09/2021 to 05/2022 Pulmonology Receptionist
Allina Health Systems — Owatonna, MN
e Greeted incoming visitors and customers professionally and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance.
¢ Kept reception area clean and neat to give visitors positive first impression.
e Confirmed appointments, communicated with clients and updated client records.
e Answered central telephone system and directed calls accordingly.
e Resolved customer problems and complaints.
e Responded to inquiries from callers seeking information.
e Managed multiple tasks and met time-sensitive deadlines.

06/2020 to 09/2021 Patient Access Representative
Morrow County Hospital — Mount Gilead, OH

¢ Conducted insurance eligibility verification, referral authorization, and financial education on designated accounts

e Authenticated patient identity throughout processes

e Enhanced patient experience throughout interactions and maintained compliance with HIPAA regulations to
safeguard patient privacy

¢ Referred appropriate cases to financial counseling for follow-up and consultation

* Conveyed policies and procedures to patients from medical and administrative standpoints

e Maintained knowledge of community services and resources available to patients.

¢ Obtained patient's insurance information and determined eligibility for benefits for specific services rendered.

e Secured patient information and confidential medical records in compliance with HIPAA privacy rule standards to
protect patient's privacy.

e Received patient deductibles and co-pay amounts and discussed options to satisfy remainder of patient financial
obligations.

¢ Identified insurance payment sources and listed payers in proper sequence to establish chain of payment.

e Explained estimated cost for medical treatments and answered patient questions to promote good understanding of
proposed services.

¢ Determined patient financial needs and referred eligible patients to proper county, state or federal agencies to
obtain financial assistance.

e Resolved patient financial problems with guidance from documented guidelines and procedures.

02/2017 to 05/2020 Registration Clerk
Tri-State Memorial Hospital — City, STATE
¢ Minimized payment issues, verifying insurance credentials and collecting timely payments
e Assisted with admitting and discharging, coordinating records and paperwork to carry out smooth processes
e Entered patient demographics. insurance, and medical reason for visit to process registration
e Keyed in new data from patients, staff, and forms with high accuracy
¢ Obtained patient signatures and processed referral and pre-authorization paperwork
¢ Prepared accurate files by collecting patients’ personal and billing information.

EpucaATION

Diploma
Asotin High School - Asotin WA