JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Customer Service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining
professional relationships to increase profitability and drive business results. Astute Call Center professional offering polished communication
skills. Brings excellent organizational skills and talent for overcoming customer objections. Self-motivated and true team player. Customer
Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical problem-solving skills.
Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires, ad providing customized solutions
to build loyalty. Passionate about promoting lasting customer satisfaction by delivering quality service and unparalleled support. Proficient in
customer service best practices and related options. Encouraging manager and analytical problem-solver with talents for team building,
leading and motivating, as well as excellent customer relations aptitude and relationship-building skills. Proficient in using independent
decision-making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success. Dedicated to applying training, monitoring and morale-
building abilities to enhance employee engagement and boost performance. Collaborative leader with dedication to partnering with coworkers
to promote engaged, empowering work culture. Documented strengths in building and maintaining relationships with diverse range of
stakeholders in dynamic, fast-paced settings.

SKILLS
« POS Systems and Ordering Platforms © Call Center Customer Service
* Courteous with Strong Service Mindset © Operational Efficiency
¢ Personalized Customer Service e Customer Inquiry Response
¢ Efficient and Detail-Oriented e Inbound and Outbound Calling
¢ Call Documentation ¢ Collaborative Environments
¢ Calm and Professional Under Pressure e Merchandise Arrangements
¢ Order and Refund Processing * Benefits Explanations
¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty e Answering Customer Questions
¢ Upbeat and Positive Personality ¢ Promotional Support
e Understanding Customer Needs e Cash Register Operations
« Customer Data Confidentiality e Health Plan Benefits
« Responding to Difficult Customers ¢ Document Conversion
¢ Needs Assessment e Trend Evaluations
« Account Management e Call Transfers
« Customer Account Management © Credit Card Payment Processing
¢ Order Fulfillment e Correcting Discrepancies
« Customer Retention Strategies e Customer Service Orientation
e Issue and Complaint Resolution ¢ Report Preparation
« Data Entry and Maintenance e Customer Service and Assistance
« Customer Service Enhancement e Credit and Debt Card Processing
¢ Upselling Products and Services © Residential Customer Service
¢ Interpretation and Translation Services
Work History

12/2019 to 09/2022 Customer Service Advocate
Nutanix Inc. — Milwaukee, WI

e Directed incoming calls to internal personnel and departments, routing to best-qualified department.

¢ Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.

e Answered product and service questions, suggesting other offerings to attract potential customers.

« Maintained and managed customer files and databases.

e Provided accurate information about promotions, customer programs and products, helping drive high customer
retention.

e Learned and maintained in-depth understanding of product information, providing knowledgeable responses to
diverse questions.

¢ Built long-term, loyal customer relations by providing top-notch service and detailed order, account and service
information.

e Assisted customers with opening accounts and signing up for new services.

¢ Completed opening and closing functions to meet operational needs.

e Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate solutions.

¢ Offered internal and external customers first-rate customer service to maximize satisfaction and business success.

e Promoted available products and services to customers during service, account management and order calls.

05/2019 to 12/2019 Patient Navigator
Long Island Fqhc — Oceanside, NY

e Assisted patients in scheduling doctor and healthcare appointments.

e Educated patients on insurance and healthcare plans.

e Identified barriers when treatment goals not met, treatment plan not followed or important appointments missed
and collaborated in redeveloping patient treatment goals.

© Consulted with medical staff and ancillary department to eliminate barriers to delivery of care and identified
service delivery problems and potential for patient management intervention.

e Assisted with and facilitated transition of care from hospitals, rehabilitation facilities and skilled nursing facilities
to home.

e Coached patients on self-advocacy.

© Developed care plan based on provider treatment plan, evidence-based chronic care guidelines and patient and
family goals for patient.

e Participated in regular team meetings, huddles, staff meetings and quality improvement projects to improve patient
care.

e Facilitated nursing care and individual patient and family education to support high risk and chronic disease
management.

© Helped patients and family members deal with loss and post-mortem planning.

e Organized patient schedules and assisted in planning transportation and payments.

11/2016 to 04/2019 Medical Receptionist
Yakima Valley Farm Workers Clinic — Pasco, WA
e Coordinated patient scheduling, check-in, check-out and payments for billing.
¢ Checked patient insurance, demographic and health history to keep information current.
¢ Managed master calendar and scheduled appointments for providers based on optimal patient loads and clinician
availability.
e Adhered to strict HIPAA guidelines to protect patient privacy.
e Managed multi-line phone system and pleasantly greeted patients.
© Helped patients complete necessary medical forms and documentation.
e Supported office staff and operational requirements with administrative tasks.
¢ Completed patient referrals to other medical specialists.
e Organized paperwork such as charts and reports for office and patient needs.
e Maintained current and accurate medical records for patients.
« Transcribed phone messages and relayed to appropriate personnel.
e Enhanced office productivity by handling high volume of callers per day-

EDUCATION

04/2006 CERTIFICATION: Agricultural Business Technology
JOB CORPS CENTER HOMESTEAD - Homestead, FL
e Honoree of [ ADAMICS ]
e Awarded DEANS LIST
e Dean's List 2ND SEMEESTER 2006
e Honor Roll [1&4Semester and 2007

e Academic Scholarships

¢ Completed AP course in BUSINESS TECH

e Ranked in Top 25% of class

« Extracurricular Activities: ports, student government, community service, employment, arts, hobbies, and
educational clubs.

e [ National Honor Societies. Member

e Elected to student council for [ [Year]

e Elected Captain of unpaid volunteers and paid employees of either the campaig

e Study Abroad: ,. MIAMI, BUSINESS TECH

08/2004 High School Diploma
West Orange High School - Winter Garden, FL

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Monetary Transactions - Handled cash, check, credit and automatic debit card transactions with 100% accuracy.

e Cashier - Achieved highest Number of new credit accounts opened within one-month period.

¢ Customer Follow-up - Ensured that customers were satisfied with company products and services by doing purchase follow-up calls.

¢ Product Promotion - Up-sold products and motivated customers to upgrade current product plans.

e Customer Relations - Earned highest marks for customer satisfaction, company-wide.

¢ Compiled inventory lists and worked with vendors for product pricing and special orders. Handled high volume sales with cash, credit
and gift card transactions, balancing cash draw at end of shift with 100% accuracy rate.

e Telephone Service - Professionally processed 80+ calls per day, providing information and service to ensure customer satisfaction.

¢ Conflict Resolution - Responsible for handling customer account inquiries, accurately providing information to ensure resolution of
product/service complaints and customer satisfaction.

AFFILIATIONS

¢ Member, International Association of Administrative Professionals (IAAP)

e International Customer Service Association

e Association of Health Care Administrative Assistants (AHCAA)

e Virtual Association for Administrative Professionals (VAAP), member 2009 - Present
« Toastmasters

e National Association of Social Workers

¢ Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers

CERTIFICATIONS

e Sales Manager Certificate

¢ MCAS - Microsoft Certified Application Specialist
e ACE - Adobe Certified Expert, Photoshop

¢ Sales Essentials Certificate

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

¢ professional certifications.
¢ published articles.

e references from colleagues.
¢ client testimonials.

e technical skills.

¢ volunteer work.

¢ language skills.

* personal achievements

LANGUAGES

English:
Negotiated: