Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Client Advocate/Advisor BEES er soso ra

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Self motivated professional seeking a challenging position where! can utilize my strong personal
skills and abilities, | have over 20+ years experience In customer service and in the social service
field.

SKILLS

Currently Enrolled At UMA For Medical Billing And Coding.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Client Advocate/Advisor
ABC Corporation - May 2006 - October 2013

.

Handle custorner service inquiries from mernbers, providers, physicians and internal and
external clients related to pharmacy benefits.

Work to research and resolve problems ina timely manner,

Assist members in understanding and maximizing the use of their pharmacy distribution
program,

Use computerized system to gather information and respond to questions,

Document issues and resolutions in a common database,

Handle Inbound and outbound member, provider and physician calls.

Answer questions related to pharmacy benefits, while maintaining productivity standards and
performance quarantees where appplicable Maintain accurate and cornplete docurnentation
of all Inquiries in order to continuously improve the customer service process and reduce
potential legal concerns.

Client Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2004 - 2006

Communicated clients wants and needs to production teams.

Made recommendations ta management regarding product development, pricing, and sales
projections.

Performed take-offs and pricing for prospective bids, quotes and estimates,

Responsible for planning, coordinating, and managing activities related to design, budget, and
production.

Ensured that projects were timely and completed In accordance with established quality
standards and procedures,

Coordinated with all departments to meet client schedules,

Projects ranged frorn srnall OEM items to 4000 ton structural steel projects..

EDUCATION
Diploma - (Camden County High School - Kingsland, GA)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings