Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

. . ° . abama
Domestic Violence Victim Advocate (123)-456-7299
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Providing crisis Intervention assistance to victims of domestic violence and SKILLS
other related crimes. Assuring appropriate prosecution of offenders; Spanish, Violence.
performing tasks related to the prosecution of persons charged with
domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking crimes; work is performed in
an office and courtroom environment, LANGUAGES
English (Native)
WORK EXPERIENCE French terbfessloral)
Domestic Violence Victim Advocate Spanish (Professional)
Lee Conlee House Inc - June 2012 - 2021
= Knowledged of social service resources and agencies in the community.
= Knowledged of effective communication and motivation practices, ai
* Prepared and maintained accurate and cornplete case notes and client Cooking
records. Reading

* Planned, organized, and prioritized work in order to accornplish work in
compliance with quality standards and deadlines.

* Bullt and maintained effective and professional working relationships. REFERENCES

= Met attendance requirernents.

= Read, wrote, and communicated the English language. Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Domestic Violence Victim Ad vocate Narne)
Delta Corporation - 2011-2012
Re sponsibilities:

« Assisted low-income victims of domestic violence through the process of
obtaining a CPO at the Domestic Violence Intake Center of the DC
Sup erlor,

* Contacting up to 120 victims per month to offer services, referrals, and
safety planning Aiding clients in navigating the criminal justice system,

= Non-profit serving victims of dornestic violence, sexual assault, and
elder abuse in San Diego County Domestic Violence Victim Advocate,

= Answered crisis calls, screened and assessed victims and their children,
provided short-term therapy.

* Trained newly hired personnel and developed and provided recurring
training to employees.

= Non-profit serving victims of dornestic violence, sexual assault, and
elder abuse in San Diego County Dornestic Violence Victim Advocate,

* Working with the State of Washington served as a liaison under the
Prosecuting Attorney and the Witness Protection Department In
Centralia.

Education
BA

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines