JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Tireless, well-organized Customer Advocate determined to resolve customer concerns to complete satisfaction. Balances company requirements
against customer needs. Highly professional and courteous in all interactions.

SKILLS

e Upbeat and Positive Personality ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
e Efficient and Detail-Oriented © Proficiency in Microsoft Office and G Suite
e Issue and Complaint Resolution ¢ Computer Proficiency
* Calm and Professional Under Pressure e LiveChat Messaging
e Multitasking and Prioritization ¢ Call Volume and Quality Metrics
* De-escalation Techniques ¢ Document and Records Management
e Responding to Difficult Customers e Establishing and Maintaining Customer Relationships
e Understanding Customer Needs e Multi-Line Phone Systems
* Customer Account Management e Excellent Attention to Detail
¢ Courteous with Strong Service Mindset e Time Management
e Upselling Products and Services e Inbound and Outbound Calling
¢ Verbal and Written Communication e Team-Oriented and Cooperative
e Data Entry and Maintenance e Patient and Empathetic
e Creative Problem Solving

Work HIsTory

Customer Advocate, 08/2019 - Current
American Electric Power — Logan, WV
¢ Documented customer concerns and inquiry resolutions in internal computer system.
e Researched and resolved account and service problems with friendly, knowledgeable support.
e Served as point of contact for customers and worked to resolve Transportation issues.
¢ Used Cad to maintain records of filed complaints and results, as well as other customer service department data.
e Performed research activities to understand consumer needs and opportunities to inform.
* Contacted outside providers on behalf of customers to help solve problems.
e Listened to customers in actively to assess issues and provide accurate information.

e Answered as many as 70 calls each day focused on answering transportation questions.

« Accessed multiple databases to investigate customer questions and concerns.

e Educated customers about billing, payment processing and support policies and procedures.
¢ Communicated professionally with colleagues, freelancers and clients.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

e Exhibited high energy and professionalism when dealing with clients and staff.

Weed Eater, 06/2015 - 07/2019

Center For Sleep Apnea & Tmj— Holly Springs. MS
¢ Developed lasting customer relationships and grew network over time.
¢ Followed planned landscaping designs to determine placement of sod, sown grass, flowers and foliage.
¢ Used trimmers and chainsaws for grounds maintenance, brush clearing and tree removal and thinning.
e Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health.
e Provided expert lawn care, mulching, aerating and trimming around walks, walls and flower beds.
« Removed weeds, hazards and debris from common pathways to improve usability.

LPN, 05/2014 - 05/2015
Acme Brick Tile & More — City, STATE
¢ Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care delivery.
e Cared for wounds, provided treatments and assisted with procedures.
e Managed patient care through closely monitoring respiration, blood pressure and blood glucose levels.
e Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant symptoms.
¢ Gathered lab specimens, ordered testing and interpreted results to diagnose patients.
* Obtained biological specimens for ordered tests and prepared for laboratory transport.
e Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.
e Performed routine evaluations of each patient's status, needs and preferences.
« Documented accurate and complete patient information to address patient problems and expected outcomes.
¢ Used aseptic techniques to provide sterilized wound care and dressing applications.
¢ Delivered updates in patient status to charge nurse, recording changes in medical records.
¢ Offered immediate assistance in emergency and routine paging situations to evaluate needs and deliver care.
e Assisted with admissions, appointments, transfers and discharges.
¢ Obtained patient vital signs and input/output measurements from inpatients.
e Performed functional assessments for admission and discharge.
¢ Supported physicians during examinations and scans to assist with diagnostic procedures.
¢ Minimized staff and patient infection risk by cleaning and disinfecting equipment instruments.
* Comforted and counseled patients and families throughout care process.
e Administered controlled narcotics, inserted [Vs and performed catheterizations.
¢ Collaborated with interdisciplinary team of healthcare and social service providers to address patients’ needs through effective intervention
and care planning.
¢ Made valuable contributions to care-plan development and patient education processes backed by thorough research into client diagnoses.
¢ Managed appointment calendar for scans, lab tests, and evaluations.

e Educated patients and caregivers on medical diagnoses, treatment options, chronic disease self-management and wound management.

Customer Service Representative, 06/2012 - 05/2013
Kavanaugh CallCenter Group — City, State
¢ Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.
e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns.
¢ Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.
e Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.
* Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat business and improved sales.
¢ Provided information regarding charge accounts and loyalty programs.
e Fielded customer questions regarding available merchandise, sales, current prices and upcoming company changes.
e Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate solutions.
¢ Communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability, future inventory and special orders.
e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
e Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.
e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend appropriate solutions.
© Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
e Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.
e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.
* Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create expert solutions.
e Leveraged sales expertise to promote products and capitalized on upsell opportunities.
e Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests. and arranging merchandise pick-up.

EDUCATION

Associate of Science: Nursing, 05/1999
Lee County Vo Tech - Jonesville, VA

High School Diploma: 05/1998
Lee High School - Jonesville, VA