JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Responsible Service Advocate Recruiter with excellent communication skills demonstrated by 6 years experience as a teacher/parent liaison.

CorE QUALIFICATIONS

e Excellent classroom management e HTML
e Teaching, tutoring and counseling e APA formatting
e Experience working special needs students ¢ Copyediting
e Effectively work with parents e Fact checking
© Proofreading/editing © WordPress
¢ Motivating students ¢ Microsoft Excel proficiency
¢ Interactive teaching/learning e Strong communication skills
¢ Innovative lesson planning e Microsoft Word expertise
« Positive atmosphere promotion e Extremely organized
¢ Behavioral/cognitive skills development e Self motivated
e Team player
© Multitasking
e Independent worker
© Quick learner
ACHIEVEMENTS
Goal Setting

e Established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading rubric
and overall class expectations.
Parent Communication
« Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

07/2014 to 05/2015 Service Advocate Recruiter
Total Education Solutions — San Diego, CA

e Use computers for various applications, such as database management or word processing.

e Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.

e Create, maintain, and enter information into databases.

e Set up and manage paper or electronic filing systems, recording information, updating paperwork, or maintaining
documents, such as attendance records, correspondence, or other material.

e Operate office equipment, such as fax machines, copiers, or phone systems and arrange for repairs when equipment
malfunctions.

¢ Greet visitors or callers and handle their inquiries or direct them to the appropriate persons according to their needs.

Complete forms in accordance with company procedures.

e Maintain scheduling and event calendars.

¢ Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or supervisors.

© Make copies of correspondence or other printed material.

e Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies.

© Operate electronic mail systems and coordinate the flow of information, internally or with other organizations.

e Coordinate conferences, meetings, or special events, such as luncheons or graduation ceremonies.

* Compose, type, and distribute meeting notes, routine correspondence, or reports, such as presentations or expense,
statistical, or monthly reports.

e Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail or other materials and answer routine letters.

¢ Review work done by others to check for correct spelling and grammar, ensure that company format policies are
followed, and recommend revisions.

¢ Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Internet.

Manage projects or contribute to committee or team work.

© Order and dispense supplies.

e Learn to operate new office technologies as they are developed and implemented.

e Prepare conference or event materials, such as flyers or invitations.

¢ Take dictation in shorthand or by machine and transcribe information.

08/2011 to 08/2014 Teacher Assistant
Cache Creek Casino Resort — Brooks, CA

e Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as non-English-speaking students or those with
physical and mental disabilities.

e Tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to help them master assignments and to reinforce learning
concepts presented by teachers.

e Enforce administration policies and rules governing students.

e Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers to coordinate instructional efforts.

¢ Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and materials to prevent injuries and damage.

e Observe students' performance, and record relevant data to assess progress.

¢ Present subject matter to students under the direction and guidance of teachers, using lectures, discussions, or
supervised role-playing methods.

e Distribute tests and homework assignments and collect them when they are completed.

e Distribute teaching materials such as textbooks, workbooks, papers, and pencils to students.

e Attend staff meetings and serve on committees, as required.

¢ Plan, prepare, and develop various teaching aids such as bibliographies, charts, and graphs.

e Laminate teaching materials to increase their durability under repeated use.

07/2006 to 07/2011 Service Advocate Recruiter
Salvation Army Usa — Munster, IN

e Use computers for various applications, such as database management or word processing.

e Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.

e Create, maintain, and enter information into databases.

e Set up and manage paper or electronic filing systems, recording information, updating paperwork, or maintaining
documents, such as attendance records, correspondence, or other material.

¢ Operate office equipment, such as fax machines, copiers, or phone systems and arrange for repairs when equipment
malfunctions.

e Greet visitors or callers and handle their inquiries or direct them to the appropriate persons according to their needs.

¢ Complete forms in accordance with company procedures.

¢ Maintain scheduling and event calendars.

e Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or supervisors.

¢ Make copies of correspondence or other printed material.

¢ Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies.

© Operate electronic mail systems and coordinate the flow of information, internally or with other organizations.

e Compose, type, and distribute meeting notes, routine correspondence, or reports, such as presentations or expense,
statistical, or monthly reports.

e Arrange conference, meeting, or travel reservations for office personnel.

e Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail or other materials and answer routine letters.

e Review work done by others to check for correct spelling and grammar, ensure that company format policies are
followed, and recommend revisions.

e Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Internet.

e Learn to operate new office technologies as they are developed and implemented.

e Prepare conference or event materials, such as flyers or invitations.

¢ Take dictation in shorthand or by machine and transcribe information.

12/2003 to 07/2006 Waitress
Total Education Solutions — Rancho Cordova, CA

e Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any problems.

¢ Collect payments from customers.

e Write patrons’ food orders on order slips, memorize orders, or enter orders into computers for transmittal to kitchen
staff.

e Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes.

e Take orders from patrons for food or beverages.

¢ Check patrons’ identification to ensure that they meet minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic
beverages.

¢ Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve specialty dishes at tables as required.

e Clean tables or counters after patrons have finished dining.

¢ Prepare hot, cold, and mixed drinks for patrons, and chill bottles of wine.

e Inform customers of daily specials.

e Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods.

¢ Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as linens, silverware, and glassware.

e Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and
thanking guests.

e Perform cleaning duties, such as sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet, tidying up server station, taking
out trash, or checking and cleaning bathroom.

e Fill salt, pepper, sugar, cream, condiment, and napkin containers.

e Provide guests with information about local areas, including giving directions.

12/2001 to 05/2003 Childcare Worker
St. Luke's Catholic School — City, STATE

e Maintain a safe play environment.

e Observe and monitor children's play activities.

e Communicate with children's parents or guardians about daily activities, behaviors, and related issues.

e Sanitize toys and play equipment.

¢ Support children's emotional and social development, encouraging understanding of others and positive self-
concepts.

e Assist in preparing food and serving meals and refreshments to children.

¢ Create developmentally appropriate lesson plans.

© Help children with homework and school work.

e Read to children and teach them simple painting, drawing, handicrafts, and songs.

e Discipline children and recommend or initiate other measures to control behavior, such as caring for own clothing
and picking up toys and books.

e Perform general administrative tasks, such as taking attendance, editing internal paperwork, and making phone
calls.

© Organize and store toys and materials to ensure order in activity areas.

08/2000 to 05/2001 Teacher Assistant
Eagle Pass Independent School District — City, STATE

¢ Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as non-English-speaking students or those with
physical and mental disabilities.

e Supervise students in classrooms, halls, cafeterias, school yards, and gymnasiums, or on field trips.

¢ Tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to help them master assignments and to reinforce learning
concepts presented by teachers.

e Enforce administration policies and rules governing students.

¢ Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers to coordinate instructional efforts.

e Assist in bus loading and unloading.

e Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and materials to prevent injuries and damage.

e Maintain computers in classrooms and laboratories and assist students with hardware and software use.

e Observe students' performance, and record relevant data to assess progress.

e Present subject matter to students under the direction and guidance of teachers, using lectures, discussions, or
supervised role-playing methods.

e Distribute tests and homework assignments and collect them when they are completed.

¢ Grade homework and tests, and compute and record results, using answer sheets or electronic marking devices.

e Take class attendance and maintain attendance records.

e Organize and supervise games and other recreational activities to promote physical, mental, and social
development.

e Distribute teaching materials such as textbooks, workbooks, papers, and pencils to students.

e Prepare lesson outlines and plans in assigned subject areas and submit outlines to teachers for review.

e Organize and label materials and display students' work in a manner appropriate for their eye levels and perceptual
skills.

¢ Conduct demonstrations to teach such skills as sports, dancing, and handicrafts.

e Use computers, audio-visual aids, and other equipment and materials to supplement presentations.

e Attend staff meetings and serve on committees, as required.

e Type, file, and duplicate materials.

e Laminate teaching materials to increase their durability under repeated use.

e Requisition and stock teaching materials and supplies.

© Operate and maintain audio-visual equipment.

¢ Collect money from students for school-related projects.

e Assist librarians in school libraries.

07/2014 to 11/2014 Writing tutor/ editor
Sul Ross State University — City, STATE
Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style Reviewed and
edited students’ written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2015 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology
Sul Ross State University - Alpine, TX
Psychology

LANGUAGES

Proficient in speaking, reading and writing in English and Spanish.
SKILLS

- Analyzed official documents in order for migrant families to receive benefits.
- Did outreach work to find and recruit migrant families

- Knowledge with Windows, Excel, Microsoft Word Power Point, and Printshop