ROBERT SMITH
Health Advocate

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Responsible for increasing patient engagement through direct member outreach in the community, including
in hospitals, sub-acute facilities, long-term care settings, and door ta door canvassing of eligible patients.

SKILLS

Health Education And Promotion, Health Research, Development.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Health Advocate
Finger Lukes Community Health - Oetober 2013 — 2020

Notified parents of uccident or illness and secure medical care for students in emergency cases
Administer medications according to distnct policy.

identify innovative stmtegies to enroll patients into the Landmark Health program,

Develop the relationship between Landmark and hospital personnel, patients, physicians,
community organizitions, retimment communities, assisted living, pn mary car, and skilled nursing
facilities

Coordinate meetings with community providers, home health providers, facility discharge planners,
and health plan case managers; including prepanition and delivery of presentations,

Uses enitical thinking skills to create outreach strategies that are designed to nuiximize patient
awareness and registtion into Landmark &rsquo:s program.

Levenige reporting and dashboards to prioritize telephonic and field-based outreach to members.
Ensured each Barly Head Sturt pregnant woman receives prenatal care through regular metical care,
and om! health examination, and prenatal classes.

Health Advocate
Delta Corpomtion - 2012-2013

In taining fora health advocate position and able to assist large employer groups with member
benefits and also claims issues.

Skills Used Able to handle out of the ontinary calls.

Routed proper paperwork to all parties involved with the care of individuals Comnmnicated all
future medical, to include medicine needs to Hospital .

Receives inbound calls and routes to the correct individual, inform members of tests or screenings
that may be due.

With head start I did a few different pasitians.

As asub E assisted the teacher in what was needed te be done.

Switched to a nutritional aide and helped the cook cooking far 2 classes mams and tminsporting the
food to the toddlerroom and helped them with the meals.

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes