JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Determined Community Liaison aiming to leverage twenty years of experience providing community contributions to engage and inform

community members. Personable and driven with passion for perpetuating community values, missions and values. Coordinated community
service programs to meet clients/victims needs. Knowledgeable about organizing referrals, offering direct support and orchestrating effective
outreach. Skilled at cultivating strong partnerships to advance organizational objectives. Client-focused with background in managing social
work programs and highly educated in laws relating to welfare and crisis intervention. Maintains composure, diplomacy and efficiency in all

situations.

CorE QUALIFICATIONS

¢ Interpersonal Communication e Excellent work ethic

¢ Interviewing skills e Engagement Activities

e Program oversight © Outreach

¢ Written and verbal communication e Strong Attention To Detail

¢ Client needs assessments e Written And Verbal Communication
« Teamwork ¢ Marketing

e Compassion

EXPERIENCE

12/2019 to 10/2020 Community Outreach Coordinator - Victim's Advocate

Aker Solutions — Mobile, AL

¢ Connected individuals with available and relevant resources.

¢ Conducted community workshops to promote different programs and educate public on available services.

¢ Documented and analyzed performance of different programs in order to make proactive decisions about services.

e Wrote content for newsletters, social media pages and informational packets.

¢ Facilitated community involvement and education of non-profit theatre events by maintaining and developing
community partnerships.

¢ Developed presentations for public events, community groups and school assemblies.

e Educated community members regarding resources and program by involvement by planning community
gatherings

© Developed long-lasting partnerships with stakeholders, including local leaders and management team through
active engagement, exemplary communication and positive reinforcement.

© Developed presentations and media to promote community resources at seminars and other local events.

e Networked with local organizations, leaders and consumers, resulting in establishment of new and lasting
partnerships and relationships

05/2014 to 10/2019 Senior Paralegal

Decato Law Office — City, STATE

e Evaluated domestic relations law, property law and family law
Researched state statutes, decisions, legal articles, codes and documents

¢ Maintained ongoing communication with opposing parties from discovery to trial phase to facilitate expeditious
litigation

¢ Conferred with clients and other involved parties to gather and track case information

e Analyzed evidence gathering and presentation, client counseling, and jury selection methods processes for civil
litigation

© Coordinated settlement talks between counsel, defendants and plaintiffs

e Managed all incoming correspondence from judges, court administrative staff and opposing parties.

© Coordinated settlement talks between counsel, defendants and plaintiffs.

© Coordinated trial exhibits by organizing materials, writing documentation and preparing digital materials and
displays.

¢ Created highly researched and articulate legal paperwork such as pleadings, contracts and briefs.

e Trained new employees on company policies and legal standards.

¢ Managed billable hour tracking, payroll, client invoicing and schedules for attorney's throughout office.

e Assisted counsel in preparing answers, providing documentation and information for discovery request.

¢ Conducted detailed client intakes and entered information into company database.

e Evaluated multiple facets of substantive law, including domestic relations, property law and bankruptcy.

e Wrote and filed pleadings with court on schedule to maximize case success.

e Assisted with client interviews using motivational interview techniques and took meticulous notes for inclusion in
reports.

© Drafted correspondence and documentation and disseminated materials to appropriate parties.

e Analyzed elements of civil litigation, including evidence gathering and presentation and client counseling, in
addition to evaluating jury selection methods processes.

¢ Directed and coordinated law office activities, including service of subpoenas and scheduling of depositions.

e Investigated causes and resolutions to litigation cases, reviewing damages, losses and settlement formalities.

e Examined and generated memos on statutory law, case law and federal and state regulations using online research
databases, such as Westlaw, and print sources.

e Maintained ongoing communication with opposing parties from discovery to trial phase to facilitate expeditious
litigation.

e Researched state statutes, decisions, legal articles, codes and documents.

e Mitigated legal team's workload by reviewing and evaluating legal documents, including discovery materials and
contracts.

e Prepared legal briefs, motions and pleadings.

© Developed polished legal documents, including motions and briefs, to support litigation processes and court
proceedings.

¢ Communicated pertinent information to clients via phone, email and mail.

e Investigated facts and laws to determine causes of action and to prepare cases.

e Researched innovative methods of adding value to key client relationships by providing timely material to facilitate
frequent interactions with clients.

e Organized evidence, exhibits, motions and subpoenas to support cases and prepare for trial.

e Fulfilled roles of legal videographer, digital court reporter and production assistant.

¢ Collaborated with lead attorney and juror specialist to recommend effective strategies for criminal and civil cases.

e Maintained litigation database and document organization for litigation

e Prepared, indexed and developed exhibits.

e Managed exhibits, evidence and data related to legal proceedings.

¢ Directed and coordinated service of subpoenas and scheduling of depositions for several legal professionals

06/1995 to 09/2014 Founder/Owner/Operator

EpucATION

06/2018

05/2014

05/2012

Keely Marie Wellness Consulting, LLC — City, STATE

Managed day-to-day business operations, including accounting, finance, HR, marketing and public relations.

e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast
needs.

e Managed key accounts, including developing sales presentations and promotion initiatives to drive product sales
and increase brand awareness.

¢ Developed key operational initiatives to drive and maintain substantial business growth.

e Established and administered annual budget with effective controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and
support sustainability objectives.

e Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

e Conducted target market research to scope out industry competition and identify advantageous trends.

¢ Cultivated forward-thinking, inclusive and performance-oriented business culture to lead industry in innovation and
push progress.

e Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.

© Monitored market conditions to set accurate product pricing and take advantage of emerging trends.

e Aligned branding initiatives and sales strategies with client goals.

e Reconciled daily sales, returns and financial reports

e Input income and expense details to track business finances and address variances.

Graduated 4 Year Law Office Study Program: Law (Pre-Law) Eligible To Take Vermont Bar Exam
The State of Vermont Board of Examiners - Burlington, VT

¢ Member of Vermont Bar Association
¢ Continuing education in (4 year committment)

Bachelor of Arts: General Studies
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH

Associate of Science: Addiction Counseling
New Hampshire Technical Institute - Concord, NH

¢ Graduated Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society
¢ Professional development completed with two six-month practicums, Concord Hospital and TRAILS Program
(Unity prison system)