PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

5

)

Jessica Claire

9 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hardworking Advocate working diligently on behalf of the patient to obtain necessary assistance. Skilled in
coordinating files and resources to meet routine and complex needs. Effective under pressure and in stressful
situations.

Knowledgeable advocate well-versed in Bering sea woman's group program operations and requirements.
Helps interested individuals complete paperwork and sign up for services. Highly supportive and
compassionate to those in need of extra assistance.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

Reliable employee seeking advocate position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.
Dedicated McDonald's professional with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized
practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance
the organizational brand.

Enthusiastic subway artist eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and
excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of Greeting and serving guests. preparing products,
maintaining food safety and sanitation standards, and completing light paperwork and training in Exceptional
customer service skills, good verbal and written communication skills; solid computer skills Motivated to learn,
grow and excel in subway.

e Mathematics e Persuasion
« Monitoring e Child Protection
e Writing e Crisis Intervention
« Problem-Solving e First Aid
e Speaking e Academic Advice and Counseling
e Communication e Youth Advocacy
e Negotiation ¢ Customer Experience
PAWN BROKER 04/2022 to 06/2022

State University Of New York At Cobleskill | Cobleskill, NY

e Answered inquiries and provided information to sales representatives, distributed appropriate
paperwork and fulfilled quote requests to deliver excellent customer support.

e Arranged for inspections and surveys of sold properties.

e Developed and maintained strong knowledge of multiple products and varying levels of benefits within
each product.

e Conducted research to answer questions and handle issues using multiple systems and resources.

¢ Completed training programs to remain updated and further develop proficiency of important industry
information.

e Responded via telephone and email to questions from pawn broker regarding licensing, commissions,
website logins and website navigation.

e Researched |tems thoroughly and kept up-to-date on latest trends in marketplace.

e Recorded supporting documentation for phone calls and written correspondence.

e Directed clinical support of actuarial, underwriting and claims management in identifying and managing
client specific risks and risk trends.

e Investigated resources of potential buyers to determine pay expected costs.

ADUOCATE 09/2021 to 01/2022
Coborn's | Albertville, MN

¢ Actively listened to customers’ requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.

e Worked effectively with fellow team members to coordinate effective solutions to any question or
concern.

e Delivered friendly service and offered expert support in every interaction.

SACIDWICH ARTIST 06/2021 to 09/2021
College Hunks Hauling Junk And Moving | Lowell, MA

e Replenished serving stations with fresh food and cleaned up spills.

e Checked on dining areas frequently to clean up spills, wipe down tables and restock stations.

e Kept kitchen, counter and dining areas cleaned and sanitized.

e Backed up servers by setting up trays and completing some food deliveries.

e Replenished condiments, beverages and supplies while maintaining cleanliness of service areas.

e Prepared recipe ingredients by washing, peeling, cutting and measuring.

e Kept pastry and dessert case stocked with fresh selections and arranged to entice orders.

e Performed serving, cleaning and stocking to high standards and provided excellent customer
satisfaction.

e Kept drawer balanced by accurately processing cash, credit and debit payments.

e Properly labeled and stored food and fresh ingredients in cooler or freezer to optimize freshness.

e Loaded food, dishes and utensils on carts and trays to transport from designated food preparation
areas to designated tables.

e Loaded dishwasher with china and thoroughly hand-washed dishes, pans and utensils to tidy up serving
line.

e Maintained effective supply levels by monitoring and reordering food stock and dry goods.

e Accurately operated cash register to process customer payments.

e Filled out daily shift log to record amount of food prepared, used and leftover.

e Prepared salads, soups and sandwiches for customers.

e Assisted customers in choosing menu items by providing food complementing information.

e Greeted guests, promoted specials and took orders.

e Organized freezers, refrigerators and storage rooms by receiving, recording and moving food and
beverage supplies and products.

e Met sales targets by encouraging customers to buy extra food items such as drinks, desserts and sides.

e Operated manual and electric appliances to peel, slice and trim food.

e Shared information with customers about menu items, preparation methods and ingredients.

e Executed sandwich artistry duties with very low occurrence of errors.

e Interpreted food order slips per shift to prepare food according to customer orders.

CFIW MEMBER 05/2020 to 09/2020
Company Name | City, State

e Assisted other team members to achieve goals.

« Provided excellent customer service by greeting customers and meeting quality expectations.
e Took orders, prepared meals and collected payments.

« Prepared and cooked food orders for customers by noting customizations and portion sizes.
« Worked well with teammates and accepted coaching from management team.

e« Prepared products following restaurant, health and safety standards and procedures.

« Collaborated with team members to complete orders.

« Cleaned and maintained all areas of restaurant to promote clean image.

« Worked front counter, drive-thru and other areas.

« Packaged menu items into bags or trays and placed drink orders into carriers.

« Escalated problems or complaints to relevant supervisor or manager for resolution.

e Kept food preparation area, equipment and utensils clean and sanitary.

e Stocked shelves to organize aisles in assigned department.

e« Addressed guest needs, questions or concerns to create optimum experience onboard.

« Operated cash register to ring up final bill and process various forms of payment.

Diploma 05/2079
Nenana City Public School, Nenana, AK

e Licensed food workers card - 2/18/2022 - 2/17/2025