PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Resourceful problem solver looking to obtain a challenging position, bringing exceptional office skills, with a
record of accuracy, I'm a reliable and thorough person with superb customer relations.

© © Computer Proficiency e Responsible
«  Detail-oriented e First Aid/CPR
« Salesforce software e« Office administration
« Customer service e Multitine phone proficiency
« Compassion « Employee timesheet processing
© ADVOCATE MANAGER 01/2019 to 05/2021

State Of Louisiana | Gretna, LA

e Responsible for direct and indirect advocacy across care continuum with emphasis on safety for
domestic violence and sexual assault clients.

e Administrative support to maintain and upkeep client files.

e Manage specialized web-based victim service database (Salesforce) as well as other databases
required for reporting purposes.

e Submitting quarterly grant reports.

e Reached out to individuals eligible for services to solicit applications and offer assistance.

e Onboarded and monitored program participants and guided each through entry-level stages.

e Worked with clients to improve life choices and maximize benefits of programs.

e Coordinated referrals and direct support for at risk clients.

e Determined needed and relevant interventions based on each client's cognitive abilities and current
needs.

e Oversaw day-to-day activities of residents in domestic violence facility.

e Improved clients' coping with routine life activities such as food budgeting and rental payments.

e Educated potential participants on available services and processes to engage in program.

e Identified service gaps and located needed resources for individuals, including housing, work placement
and other support.

HC@ISING SUPERVISOR 11/2015 to 10/2018
Ucla Health | Jacksonville, NC

e Supervise staff and perform complex administrative functions associated with HUD roles, including
coordinating information and legal documents to re-certify or admit residents; submitting documents to
agencies; coordinating building maintenance activities: assisting with budgets; and performing related
administrative and fiscal duties.

e Monitored timely receipt and reconciliation of rent collections in accordance with landlord and resident
statutes.

e Maintained operational facilities attractive to potential tenants by organizing regular maintenance, major
repairs and capital improvement projects.

e Completed final move-out walk-throughs with tenants to identify any required repairs.

e Maintained original leases and renewal documents in digital and hardcopy format for property
management office.

e Handled tenant complaints promptly and appropriately, calling in repairmen and other support services
as needed.

e Verified income, assets and expenses and completed file tracking sheet for each applicant.

e Followed up on delinquent tenants and coordinated collection procedures.

e Monitored progress of construction and maintenance projects and notified appropriate individuals of
project updates, delays and schedule changes.

e Introduced prospective tenants to types of units available and performed tours of premises.

e Organized and participated in meetings to give residents opportunity to ask questions and provide
forum for issues to be addressed.

e Coordinated with janitorial and engineering staff on maintenance and upkeep.

e Maintained sufficient number of units market-ready at all times.

ASOISTANT TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 06/2013 to 11/2015
Elwyn | Oakley, CA

e Performed variety of moderately difficult clerical functions in support of office/department staff, including
composing correspondence: processing purchase orders; processing rent: answering telephone,
assisting customers or directing requests to appropriate staff. entering information into computer
system: processing accounting; and performing related functions in support of department operations.

e Crisis intervention specialist/Moffat county youth services.

e Supported and assisted executive director in management of facility budgets and business practices.

e Monitored overtime and addressed staffing and scheduling issues with department leaders.

e Assisted senior leadership in managing all aspects of operations.

e Built and strengthened relationships with vendor representatives in order to maintain consistent
supplies.

e Oversaw business calendar of events and scheduled key initiatives.

e Oversaw vendor delivery deadlines and requirements to fulfill priority contracts.

CFOSIS INTERVENTION SPECIALIST 06/2009 to 06/2013
Moffat County Youth Services | City, STATE

e Intervention and mediation services: tracking and documenting activities of high-risk youth/preparing
reports for supervisor, Moffat County Courts, local law enforcement and juvenile detention centers:
juvenile detention screenings and assessments, clarifying probation orders, bond orders and school
violations.

e Provided progress reports, assisted clients in involvement w/school, counselors and job searches;
arranged for placement and transportation of youth.

e Member of on-call emergency response team for crisis intervention within facility.

e Evaluated risk to client or others by gathering information and conducting assessments.

e Used skills such as active listening and collaborative problem-solving daily to connect with youth and
parents and address concerns.

e Evaluated patients based on mental and physical parameters discovered through interviews and
standardized assessments.

e Worked with family members to develop support networks and multifaceted coping techniques focused
on client needs.

e Counseled and helped to stabilize youth and caregivers in crisis situations.

e Documented risk to each client and context of concerns.

e Provided emergency response in crisis situations to diffuse tensions and prevent violence.

e Built safety plans to lower risk of crisis and intervened in specific manners outlined by procedures.

e Conversed with individuals in crisis which called or texted hotline for assistance.

e Developed and implemented treatment plans and modified according to presentation.

e Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start
immediately.

Diploma
Moffat County High School, Craig, CO
GPA: 3.5

Nc Degree | Accounting
Barnes Business College, Denver, CO

GPA: 4.0
School burned down before finishing. All records were lost.

« Social Emotional Learning Team for NWCH for 1 year~Sat on the Adult Protection Team for 6
months~Sat on the Child Protection Team for 2 years~Member of DVRT and SART Team for 2
years~Treasurer for Craig Senior Citizens for 2 years~Secretary for Craig Senior Citizens for 3
years~Sat on the board for Senior Social Center for 3 years2.