SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

MIS consult enthusiast with 3 years of customer service experience. Passion for video editing, sustainability,
and law. Unite with action! Be passionate about efficiency and impact in our community. | believe that through
critical thinking and teamwork, anything can be accomplished in the best viable way. To obtain the goal of
impact, everyone must be aware of the effect of our decisions on the analytics and economics of the situation
as well as being conservation and community-minded throughout. Accomplishments Planning, designing, and
executing as large-scale non-profit project for a community elementary school through leadership and design
excellence. | led a group of 30 volunteers to blueprint and construct a seating area for a local elementary
school that would have maximum impact. | gained management experience and learned through
communication tactics with large groups with over 100 hours put into this project.

e Notable Achievements e R-Studio Design and Programming

e Scouts BSA Eagle Rank Scout e Non-Profit Volunteer Group Management

e Knowledgeable with French language translation « Non-Profit Consulting and Critical Solution Work
e Public Speaking Experience ¢ Constructional Blueprinting and Design

e = Skills e Video Editing and Expertise with Adobe Premier
e Teaching Pro

e Excel Computation Expertise e Issue Reporting

e Teamwork and Collaboration

SERVICE ADVOCATE/FRONT 06/2020 to CURRENT
Puc National | Sylmar, CA

e Collaborated with corporate Director of Operations, regional GM, and Shift Leads to pinpoint
opportunities for streamlined processes

e Provided quick information and accurate assistance/information to those in need: found opportunities to
help above and beyond

e Trained in areas separate from my hired discipline to better help the overall store dynamic

e Analyzed customers' issues and complaints and initiated corrective actions

e Greeted each customer and solved all issues and complaints via face-to-face, through email or on
phone.

OlQINE MATHEMATICS TUTOR 07/2021 to 04/2022
Anoka-Ramsey Community College | City, STATE

e Provide 1:1 direct instruction to the students that require extra help to learn successfully Be able to
communicate effectively with all age groups and find success in that

e Listen, be attentive, and contribute to training courses and the overall dynamic of the area

e Be flexible and supportive of students' choices, schedules, and during sessions to provide the best help
possible

e Administered feedback to students using positive reinforcement techniques to encourage and build
confidence

e Designed and developed forward-thinking systems that meet user needs and improve productivity.

TEQCHER'S ASSISTANT 05/2017 to 06/2019
North Suburban Summer Academy | City, STATE

e Collaborated with general education teachers and speech pathologists to provide differentiated
instruction and classroom accommodations/modifications

« Communicated to the head teacher effectively with any needs or issues with students or other
assistants

e Provided 1:1 support for students in grades 4-6 with learning disabilities and other different abilities

e Establish clear learning objectives for over 150 students in three years

e Teach techniques for physical science, so students can continue learning at home

e Kept classrooms clean, neat, and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.

Bachelor of Science Management | Information Systems (MIS 05/2025
Anoka-Ramsey Community College, Coon Rapids, IA

Ccoirsework: Economics (Macro and Micro), Financial Accounting, and Calculus | 05/2025

Hic School Diploma 01/2022
Centennial High School, Blaine, MN

Academic Honors Centennial Area Scholarship Recipient- Overall Character Award, Completed AP
coursework in Human Geography, Global History, Biology, and Psychology, GPA: 1, GPA: 4.0, Ranked in Top
10% of class [Only Decile Ranking Provided] Centennial Honors Society Member Extracurricular Activities:
Speech Team, Woodwind Choir, Cross Country, One Act, Musical, and Play

Bz ohelor of Science Management | Information Systems
University of Minnesota, Twin Cities Minneapolis, MN

S$tCistics in R & Excel Documentation Professional Development: Law Basics and Case Study
Buuck
Family Scholarship Recipient

Obtained skills using R Studio, Excel, and Python 4.0 GPA Research Project: A Transportation Pandemic,
Public transportation would be the most efficient way to travel with the least number of drawbacks. This new
form of transportation would help significantly connect the world in the ever-expanding development that is
society; here, everyone will be more prepared if a dire situation demands. Electric transport also presents
itself in a very sustainable way by contributing very little to global warming and the current environmental
crisis. By reducing the chemicals in the air, people are healthier as well. Not only is this form of transport
saving peoples' lives by reducing on-road traffic but also their monetary income as much of the population
can lead more fulfilling and happier lives that benefit society.