JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

EpucatTIon

Associate of Science: Dental Hygiene
Guilford Technical Community College - Jamestown, NC
¢ Dean's List Fall 2020
¢ Class Rank: 3.65 GPA
¢ Member of Phi Theta Kappa
¢ Elected to President for Phi Theta Kappa in 2021

06/2013 High School Diploma
Watauga High School - Boone, NC

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Energetic Volunteer offering outstanding telephone etiquette, social media and interpersonal skills. Well-trained individual with past
experience working with children and elderly people. Punctual and dedicated to service. Volunteer with success assisting organizations with
service delivery and fundraising. Purpose-driven professional excels in organization and public relations. Consistently maintains professional
appearance and attitude when representing organization to propel image. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing
multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Energetic Volunteer offering
outstanding telephone etiquette, social media and interpersonal skills. Well-trained individual with past experience working with children and
elderly people. Punctual and dedicated to service.

SKILLS
¢ Work Prioritization e Interviewing Skills
« Time Management e Technical Writing
¢ Editing and Proofreading * Relationship building
e Adaptable and Flexible e Research
e Administrative support * Recordkeeping
¢ Operations support e Telephone etiquette
¢ Guest flow e Team collaboration
¢ Negotiation Skills ¢ Department planning
¢ Verbal and Written Communication e Key decision making
e Persuasive Communication e Child development
¢ Presentation Skills e Peer Mentoring
¢ Public Speaking © Decision Making
e Report Writing © Mottvational and inspirational
« Active Listening
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

11/2019 to 05/2020 Guest Advocate
Florida United Methodist Children's Home — Plant City, FL

e Worked effectively with fellow team members to coordinate effective solutions to any question or concern.

e Conducted pre-screening activities to help determine eligibility for Target Red Card.

e Checked pricing, scanned items, applied discounts and printed receipts to ring up customers.

¢ Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

¢ Supported loss prevention goals by monitoring shopper behavior.

e Volunteered for extra shifts during holidays and other busy periods to alleviate staffing shortages.

¢ Folded and arranged merchandise in attractive displays to drive sales.

e Maintained clean sales floor and straightened and faced merchandise.

¢ Informed customers of current store promotions to encourage additional sales purchases.

e Provided accurate information about promotions, customer programs and products, helping drive high customer
retention.

e Balanced and organized cash register by handling cash, counting change and storing coupons.

e Supported efficient and timely replenishment of sales floor merchandise.

¢ Used POS system to process sales, returns, online orders and gift card activations.

e Issued receipts and processed refunds, credits or exchanges.

e Stocked merchandise, clearly labeling items, and arranging according to size or color.

e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

e Spoke to customers in native language to increase loyalty and establish relationships.

* Monitored sales floor and merchandise displays for presentable condition, taking corrective action such as
restocking or reorganizing products.

e Trained new associates on cash register operations, including opening, conducting customer transactions and
balancing drawer.

e Offered each customer top-notch, personal service to boost sales and customer satisfaction.

© Used consultative sales approach to understand customer needs and recommend relevant offerings.

e Greeted customers and helped with product questions, selections and purchases, including in-store and e-service
transactions.

e Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

© Opened and closed store independently and prepared nightly bank drop for manager.

04/2021 to Current Lead Teacher
Yavapai College — Prescott, AZ

e Chose optimum curriculum for each class and devised creative daily lesson plans to meet requirements and needs
of different learners.

e Increased student involvement in program offerings through strategic redesign of program processes and methods.

¢ Conferred with parents about student progress to boost family involvement and enhance student support.

e Planned and implemented different daily activities to enhance overall development and growth of every student.

e Communicated frequently with parents about student growth and progress, recommending at-home reinforcement
to support struggling students.

© Developed and optimized rich learning environment by capitalizing on diverse engagement strategies and enriching
teaching techniques.

e Maintained patience and level-headedness in diverse situations to support student development and personal
growth.

e Observed and recorded teacher methods to suggest improvements and increase student interest.

05/2021 to Current Volunteer
The Summit Church Oak Ridge — City, STATE
e Assisted with special events or programs.
e Greeted visitors and answered questions about program. requirements and opportunities.
e Maintained clean, neat and operational facilities to serve all program needs.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Was elected President of Phi Theta Kappa in less than 1 year. Maintained a 4.0GPA for 3 semesters, and currently has a 3.65GPA. Was on the
deans list for Fall 2020 semester.

AFFILIATIONS
Phi Theta Kappa