Care Advocate I Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Experienced private duty manager / provider with experience in multiple settings; at home, tn
nursing facilities and in hospitals Secking a rewarding position.

Intellectual Disabilities, Outpatient Clinic Setting.

Work Experience

Care Advocate I
ABC Corporation - March 2010 - December 2011

Initiated both telephonic and face-to-face outreach toa caseload of Medica AccessAbility
Solutions,

Conducted needs assessments, developing care plans, and providing case management,
Reviewed utilization and level of care guidelines to process provider and member requests for
service.

Promoted collaboration between providers across levels of care and advocating for members
needs,

Participated in the MN Care Advocacy Centers Crisis Triage line to ald members with both
commercial and government plans.

Served as a senior clinician on a team of care advocates during a period of department
cxpansion,

Assisted Clinical Program Managers in streamlining assessment and care plan tools,

Care Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2010

This position provided customer service transactions, Including but not limited Lo; equipment
troubleshooting, call handling, billing, service and .

Handled own customer escalations and minimized transfers,

Receive and coordinate all incoming calls for appropriate service Educate providers and plan
participants on benelits of provider network Conducts ,

RN Case Manager performing telephonic review at computer-based managed care organization
for medical necessity of treatment for menial health and .

Case Manager.

Crisis Intervention Specialist for UHG members.

Work directly with facilities to obtain clinical and provide authorizations for impatient menial
health and substance abuse treatment.

Education

Master af Aris in Counseling Psychology - (Bethel University - Saint Paul, MN}

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines