JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Self-motivated customer service team member passionate about utilizing skills to maximize customer retention. Highly accurate and efficient
with strong investigation, problem-solving and critical thinking skills. Expert in correcting issues with little oversight and bringing more than
[Number] years’ experience in [Industry]. Enthusiastic and energetic Customer Advocate looking for a dynamic, fast-paced position.
Exceptional multitasking, prioritization and organizational abilities. Adaptable and focused with an unparalleled work ethic and dedication to
providing top-notch customer service.

SKILLS
¢ Billing inquiry resolution ¢ Employee coaching
¢ Persuasive communication e Store maintenance
¢ Upselling strategies e Call Center Operations
e Educating customers ¢ Product organization
¢ Customer relations e High-energy attitude
EXPERIENCE

04/2014 to 03/2020 Customer Advocate
Zendesk — San Francisco, CA
e Engaged with customers and worked to resolve product and service issues.
e Consulted with customers to discuss concerns and offer detailed information.
¢ Maintained thorough and detailed documentation of customer interactions and outcomes.

06/2013 to 03/2014 Hairstylist
Supercuts — Bel Air, MD

e Sanitized workstations and salon equipment to reduce risk of infection.

e Pre-booked future appointments to increase repeat business.

e Pursued continuing education and training to stay up to date with new trends and techniques.

© Cultivated strong value-added relationships with customers by delivering accurate service and product knowledge
to drive earnings.
Styled and designed traditional and contemporary hairstyles for men and women daily.
e Recommended treatment and styling products to customers to meet current needs or resolve specific concerns.

Selected hair colors, products and services based on customer preference and individually designed hair care plan.

Set up workstation and treatment room with products, equipment and supplies to facilitate services -
Supervised front-end of salon, booked appointments, inventoried sales area and coordinated employee schedules to

maximize operations.
¢ Trimmed and styled hair for weddings and special occasions to help clients look and feel best on big day.

08/2008 to 10/2011 Merchandise Leader
Petco — Auburn, ME

© Designed floor layouts, product displays and shelving layouts to maximize sales and influence customer purchasing
habits.

¢ Placed prices and descriptive signage to enhance displays and promote items.

e Assessed purchasing needs and reviewed in-store sales and inventory levels.

e Maintained records of inventory stock and shrinkage by conducting product audits every [Timespan].

e Consulted with management and advertising teams to plan optimal promotions.

¢ Taught sales staff to properly coordinate clothing racks and counter displays to maximize promotional
effectiveness.

e Increased sales by [Number]% through targeted merchandising plans and stocking of desirable inventory.

¢ Verified product placements in web scheduler.

© Coordinated floor moves, merchandising and display maintenance and monitored floor stock to keep popular items
available to buyers.

e Verified merchandise pricing to achieve revenue and profitability goals, reduce shrink and forecast sales.

¢ Collaborated with store employees to promote retail traffic by constructing creative and appealing merchandise
displays.

e Kept work areas clean, neat and organized for optimal productivity and worker safety.

© Used forklifts, pallet jacks, hand trucks and overhead cranes to move items throughout facility.

¢ Read orders to obtain item numbers and located merchandise in bins or on shelves.

e Carried out duties within fast-paced retail environment, providing organized stocking methods and plans.

« Demonstrated great teamwork skills with staff members involved in production and transport.

e Stocked and rotated products, supplies and paper goods to optimize freshness.

e Maintained clear aisles during restocking to avoid hazards and promote guest convenience.

e Organized storage of articles in bins, floor, shelves and assigned areas according to product categories.

¢ Replenished inventory with focus on addressing customer needs.

¢ Bent, lifted, opened, and moved [Type] products weighing up to [Number] pounds.

e Packaged items with appropriate materials to prevent damage during shipping.

¢ Communicated effectively with members of public in often crowded and noisy environments.

e Identified unsafe materials within packages and notified proper personnel.

¢ Packed products into designated boxes, taking care to protect items from damage or shifting during transport.

e Printed accurate labels and applied to boxes, crates and containers prior to shipment.

e Stacked, organized and palletized packages for efficient storage and movement.

e Packed over [Number] pounds of [Type] products daily while keeping detailed records of productivity and
identifying areas for improvement.

¢ Labeled pallets with proper information for storage in correct locations within warehouse.

e Communicated with customers to discuss packing needs and special items or circumstances.

e Assisted [Job title]s with [Task] during peak periods to meet quotas.

¢ Helped customers locate desired items and assisted with carrying heavy loads.

¢ Continuously moved and unpacked over [Number] pounds of [Type] packages, maintaining efficiency and
accuracy for long shifts.

e Maintained weekly scan right policy to minimize loss from inaccurate pricing.

e Read tickets accurately to pick out important information and correctly complete orders.

e Cleaned and organized display cases, shelves and aisles.

e Maintained accurate inventory data by identifying and correcting pricing discrepancies.

e Verified merchandise against shipping paperwork and resolved discrepancies.

e Added labels to products, rotated current stock and professionally arranged merchandise.

e Examined and inspected stock items for damage and reported findings to supervisors.

e Rotated advertising signs and merchandise displays to engage customers.

© Labeled assigned packages and inspected for defects or inaccuracies.

e Kept stockroom orderly, accessible and safe with regular upkeep.

© Used hand trucks, pallet jacks and forklifts safely and efficiently.

e Restocked shelves with current merchandise in attractive displays to promote sales.

e Verified vendor deliveries with scanner to maintain accurate inventory counts.

e Selected items from bins, scanned tags with tracker and loaded onto cart.

¢ Collaborated with senior leaders to drive growth by implementing new pricing initiatives for [Product or Service].

07/2002 to 08/2008 Sales Associate, Shoe Department
Macy's Formally Hecht's — City, STATE

e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock
items.

¢ Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

e Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.

e Explained key information regarding products and services to customers to encourage informed decision-making.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.

e Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.

e Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.

e Acted as initial contact in addressing customer concerns.

¢ Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.

e Trained all new sales employees on effective sales, service and operational strategies to maximize team
performance.

¢ Helped average of [Number] customers per day by responding to inquiries and locating products.

e Facilitated timely product launches and delivered exceptional customer service to enable account retention and
growth.

¢ Mentored team members in mastering sales techniques to consistently exceed objectives.

¢ Processed orders through company system and coordinated product deliveries.

© Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.

e Coached team members on security risks and loss prevention to aid in mitigating store theft.

e Recorded and resolved daily transactions to promote revenue generation and customer satisfaction.

e Acted as point of contact for internal and external customers across departments.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
06/1989 High School Diploma
Denbigh High School - Newport News, VA

Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA