MIRA JONES

354 Sharpe St., Basin City, UT 84003 | | C: 595.322.7337 example emati@example.com
Summary
Innovative and successful Attorney, highly effective at developing creative case strategies
aed writing persuasive briefs, Thrives in dynamic environments and quickly adapts to the
ever-changing demands of the legal field. Detail oriented, conscientious, and organized with
9 years experience achieving favorable outcomes in court cases. Well versed in trial
Preparation, research, and drafting tegal documents. Tackles cases with tenacity and an
analytical mindset.
Highlights
© Court procedures © Skilled mediator
© Bocument review © Exceptions! negotiator
© Contract negotiation © Gutstanding public speaker
© Regulatory compliance © Professional and personable
© Trademark and patent licersing © Strong leader

Accomplishments

Experience

Successfully defended automotive manufacturer in preliminary injunction proceedings
and District Court appeal.

Obtained favorable settlements in 75% of cases,

Volunteered with Legal Aid of Utah for 32 hours per month, including numerous “ask a
laeyer™ events,

General Legal Counsel Oct 2012 to Current
Basin City Beat — Basin City, UT

Devetop and implement legal strategies for website content.

Coursel on laws and Habilities for music hosting and artist services.
Evaluate data involving assets, income, expenditures, and surpluses.

Structure contracts and agreements with clients, vendors, and employees.
Determine applicable laws for issues such as real estate purchases and Licensing of
content.

Attorney Jul 2004 to Sep 2012
Caldwell Law Firm — Basin City, UT

Education

Retained a5 outside counsel for companies and businesses.

Investigated complaints of retaliatory and discriminatory employment practices,
Developed detailed litigation strategies for cach cate.
Selected jurors, argued motions, and met judges during the course of a trial,
Presented and summarized cases to both judges and juries.

Fited appeals in state and federal courts of appeal.

Analyzed data to test compliance with all legal reporting regulations,

Drafted and amended comptaints.

Juris Doctorate 2004
Northwesterm University — $t. Louts, MO

Bachetor of Science, Political Science 2001
Northwrestem University — St. Lous, MO