JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-trained Customer Advocate, offering vast experience in healthcare customer service, excellent interpersonal communication skills and
comfortable in building working relationships with our clients and customers.

SKILLS

e 14 years of experience as a health care customer advocate. © Well organized, detail oriented, possitive attitude and strong work

¢ Excellent problem solving and communication skills, both verbal ethics.

and written. e Honest, hard working, respectable and caring.

e Ability to sustain work pressure in an efficient way. e Excellent team player.

e Exceptional interpersonal skills. e Fast learner and flexible with work timings.
Work History
04/2011 to Current Customer Advocate

Ally — Troy, MI
¢ Provide exceptional and professional customer service to our customers, clients and peers in a prompt and efficient
manner.

e Resolve internal and/or external escalated issues for benefits, clams and customer inquiries within the require
timeframe.

e Perform extensive and precise research for any benefit,claim and/or pharmacy inquiries required by CSP and claim
adjusters to perform their duties with fewer delays.

¢ Focus on our client and customers needs and expectations to ensure the best possible information and/or resolution
is provided.

e Request Access to care updates for both active and retiree customers.

e Assist and promote various Wellness programs.

e Engage and/or conduct weekly meetings with CSP.manager and peers to bring forth any concerns, issues or
possible trends with the City of Houston account.

e Face to face interaction with client and customers on a daily basis.

¢ Provide support to interal/external peers, CSP, Sales etc.

e Establish and maintain good working relationship with client and customers

e Excellent computer skills and knowledgeable with various software programs. (Oneview, Argus, CED, CPF, ICMS,
MHS, MSS, Word, Excel, Outlook etc)

04/1999 to 04/2011 Customer Advocate Specialist
Blue Cross Blue Shield Of Texas — City, STATE
e Responsible for resolving basic/escalated internal and external benefits, claims and member inquiries.
e Data entry, process and finalize claims.
¢ Performed claim adjustments for Medicare, HMO and PPO products.
e Investigate and submit requests through Financial Suspense System to recuperate financial overpayments.
e Inform the policies and procedures to the members.
e Update membership and prescription inquires.
© Update Secondary insurance Information.
e Assist with Retirees with Medicare Coordination of Benefit inquiries and updates.
e Performed various tasks in a timely manner.
e Handle written correspondence from members and providers.
e Communicate with Healthcare professionals to resolve issues.
¢ Promote Wellness Programs.
e Participate in City of Houston Annual Open Enrollment meetings.

EpucATION

1996 GED
Houston Community College - Houston, TX

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Bilingual - Fluent in both English and Spanish