CAREER OVERVIEW

CORE STRENGTHS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WORK EXPERIENCE (©

EDUCATIONAL
BACKGROUND

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated administrative and customer support professional experienced in working in fast-paced
environments. Dependable with strong organizational, technical and interpersonal skills. Detail oriented and
performance driven professional with over 10 years of customer service and administrative experience.
Recognized for my ability to work independently or as a team player, exceptionally customer service skills and
my ability to meet and/or exceed goals. Communicates effectively with all levels of management and
personnel. Demonstrates a strong commitment to a company's success through dedication, outstanding work
ethic, and pride in work.

e Strong organizational skills e Adaptive team player

« Active listening skills « Courteous demeanor

e« Sharp problem solver e Intermediate Microsoft Word/Excel skills
« Customer service expert e« Data entry

Customer Service/Supervisor Escalations
e Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved member conflicts with providers to prevent collection efforts.
e Assisted supervisor with escalated issues between the member and internal/external business partners.
UnitedHealthcare 2012 Tier 1 Top Performer
e Maintained Tier 1 performance goal status in all performance goal categories for the entire 2012 year.
Commitment Champion
e Assisted peers with researching and resolving commitments ranging from medical claim submission and
processing, medical benefits interpretation and education, pharmacy claims and benefits, etc.
Peer Coaching
e Assisted peers with one-on-one coaching on clinical referral programs and the process and procedures
for the Advocate4me model.

HEALTH ADVOCATE-ADVOCATE4ME 08/2014 to 05/2015
Bed Travel | Wilmington, DE

e Assist plan members with medical benefits, appointment scheduling, and clinical referrals

e Provide concierge services to members to assist with resolving issues with internal and external vendors
and business partners

e Assist plan members and providers with medical claim processing and adjustments

e Process and pay medical and financial account claims

e Provide financial accounts information including processing, status and submission requests

e Assist peers and supervisors with escalated issues

e Advocate4Me referral champion for team

R4OID RESOLUTION EXPERT-RRE 09/2013 to 08/2014
Unitedhealth Group | Cedar Creek, TX

e Assist plan members with medical claim processing and adjustments.

e Resolve customer service inquiries.

e Assist members with verifying benefits and providers with claim processing inquiries.

e Assist peers and supervisor with escalated issues.
Process and pay medical and financial account claims.

CUSTOMER CARE PROFESSIONAL/HEALTH ADVISOR 02/2017 to 09/2013
Anthem, Inc. | Big Spring, TX

e Assist plan members with their benefits and eligibility.

e Resolved customer service inquiries.

e Assist members with claim information and provider with claim processing inquiries.
e Assisted members with enrollment of the medical benefits.

e Assist peers and supervisor with escalated issues.

e Commitment champion for health advisor team

TROVEL COUNSELOR 10/2005 to 08/2009
Lube-Tech Services, Lic | Clear Lake, MN

e Assist corporate clients with travel arrangements.

e Resolved customer service issues between client and travel vendor.
e Knowledge of MySabre, Gateway, Lotus Notes. etc.

e Ability to perform efficiently in a fast-paced environment.

¢ Data Entry

e Peer Coaching for new hires

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 06/2005 to 09/2005
Temporary Resources | City, STATE
e Schedule appointments for agents to discuss insurance services to potential clients.

Data Entry
e Resolved issues and answered questions from enrollees on their new coverage.

OFGICE ASSISTANT 2001 to 05/2005
JB's Mobile Transporting Service | City, STATE

e Prepare and submit invoices for services completed.

e Schedule appointments: receive loads, track routes and company expenses.

e Create and submit advertisements such as business cards, flyers, brochures, web site design, etc.

Data Entry
e Perform all bookkeeping functions including quarterly fuel taxes.

OFCICE ASSISTANT/SALES REPRESENTATIVE 01/2000 to 11/2001
East Bessemer Auto Sales | City, STATE

e Complete all paperwork on vehicles purchased and sold.

e Finalize sales of vehicles including submitting paper work to DMV.

e Input and track all purchases, sales, and payments in computer software.

Data Entry
e Create company business cards, flyers, brochures, etc.

ASOEMBLY WORKER 1999 to 01/2000
ManPower | City, STATE
e Assemble light fixtures.

e Inspected fixtures for damage or incorrect parts.
e Worked in team environment to pack fixtures to prepare for shipping.

Certificate | Medical Office Administration
Guilford Technical Community College, Jamestown, NC
Coursework in Medical Coding and Terminology.

AJOS | Office Administration 2012
Guilford Technical Community College, Jamestown, NC
GPA: Dean's List-Fall 2009. Spring 2010, Summer 2010 *Honor's List

Coursework using Microsoft Office Applications/Software, Data Entry, and Information Processing
Dean's List-Fall 2009, Spring 2010, Summer 2010
Honor's List-Fall 2010

AOS | Business Administration 2005
Guilford Technical Community College, Jamestown, NC

Coursework in Business Administration, Communications, Basic Accounting, and Microsoft Office Applications/
Software

Customer Service, Member Advocate, Data Entry, Claims Processor, Multi-tasking, Problem Solver,
Intermediate Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook, Professional and Friendly.