JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Adept Student Advocate offering over 10 years of experience counseling and advising students on mental health, academics, and interpersonal
conflicts. Driven to help students achieve success by providing guidance on career options, higher education choices, and life planning.
Attentive in identifying early warning signs of harmful behavior in students to provide preventive counseling and crisis interventions.
Consistent in meeting the established goals of the educational program.

SKILLS
* Group therapy facilitator e Diverse groups presentations
e Team collaboration and leadership e Child abuse clearance
e Organization and Time Management e Intake procedures
e Excellent Communication e Criminal laws
e Professional referral network e Risk and needs assessments
* Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Internet Explorer) e Mediation and crisis intervention
WorK HISTORY

Student Advocate, 08/2017 - Current
Penn Foster — New York, NY
e Managed 80 to 120 cases of at-risk high school students.
e Served as Team Leader.
e Lead weekly staff meetings and training implementing campus goals, rendered staff platform to express concerns and conflict resolution.
« Encouraged students to explore age-appropriate and career-related opportunities.
¢ Conducted individual and group counseling sessions.
e Assisted with applications and collected required paperwork to help individuals register for supportive services.
¢ Conducted student and parent conferences to ensure caseload met expected daily attendance targets.
e Planned and implemented process improvements and reporting systems to streamline operations.
e Identified cases of domestic abuse or other family problems and encouraged students or parents to seek additional assistance from mental
health professionals.
e Respond to identified social services needs and referrals, including clothing, food, transportation, housing, and related community services.
e Served as Liaison for Social Work Interns.
* Organized supporting documentation for individuals under evaluation and coordinated paperwork transfers to correct staff members.
¢ Supported individuals with legal, physical, or mental health concems in dealing with routine needs and complex problems.
e Distributed supportive services information to help individuals enhance ways of living and achieve self-sufficiency

Juvenile Probation Officer, 01/2012 - 01/2018
Fulton County Georgia — Sheriff's Office/Jail/Courts, GA
* Recommended probation terms, attended court hearings, prepared pre-dispositional reports and home assessments, and filed motions for
probation violations.
¢ Provided recommendations for alternate sentencing or treatment.
¢ Collaborated with police detectives, child welfare organizations, and district attorneys to resolve cases.
¢ Developed key partnerships with community organizations to improve access to educational services among disenfranchised youth.
e Handled over 24 to 40 full-cycle caseloads per month.
e Performed both pre-sentence and pre-parole investigations.
* Conducted home visits by monitoring activities.
¢ Fostered counseling sessions covering anger management, social skills, and drug abuse issues.
e Provided crisis intervention to clients and families.
* Conducted risk assessment of clients to determine levels of supervision including intervention services needed.
* Collaborated with senior leadership during decision-making processes and created thorough offender reports for corrective action planning.
e Tracked assigned juvenile movements and adherence to probation requirements.
e Maintained compliance with all legal statutes, policies, and procedures.
e Maintained organized offender records and documentation in compliance with department and legal standards.
* Collaborated with police detectives, child welfare organizations and district attorneys to resolve cases and protect juvenile individuals.
e Investigated juveniles’ activities, school attendance and employment.

Assistant Ombudsman, 01/2007 - 01/2011
Independent Ombudsman For TX Juvenile Justice Dept — City, STATE
e Accelerated administrative/case investigations regarding youth welfare.
* Coordinated/collaborated with internal/external stack holders, grassroots organizations, working groups, and diverse communities.
e Engagement with staff and administrator’s facility employee relations to increase cultural morale.
e Handled 40 calls per day to address inquiries and concerns.
e Promoted awareness of youthful offenders' adjudication.
e Liaised youth’parents with school enrollment transitions into High School/G.E.D_/College courses/ARD-Special Educational programs.
e Trained Ombudsman Staff regarding Parole, Gender-Specific Programming, field monitoring, analytical thinking, and data analysis.
¢ Prepared quarterly reports for State Legislative Criminal Justice Committee.
e Administrators State Legislative Criminal Justice Committee to improve agency programming issues, policies, and rights violations.
e Arbitrated complaints with mediation and conflict resolution.
* Catapulted Texas Youth Commission/Office of Independent Ombudsman state-wide community engagement with Family Forms.

Parole Officer III, 01/1997 - 01/2007
TX Juvenile Justice Dept., Dallas District — City, STATE

« Supervised 80 to 100 High Profile Parolees with criminal offenses that consisted of female offenders, registered sex offenders, sentenced
offenders, mentally impaired, general offenders, and chemically dependent.

¢ Conducted parole intake diagnosis, investigation, crisis intervention, case planning, report writing, home evaluations, and behavior
modification programs.

¢ Collaborated in/out of state parole supervision transfers, runaways, absconders, and escapes from placements out-of-state with Interstate
Compact for Juveniles (ICJ).

¢ Devised curriculum and instructional methodologies for gender-specific groups.

© Project Manager by coordinating, clarifying/identifying necessary resources, monitoring, adhering to timeframes, delegating tasks, and
communicating project progression to leadership.

e Advocated for gender-specific programming needs.

e Trained in human trafficking, and gender-specific concepts.

e Saved $10,000 by implementing cost-saving initiatives that addressed long-standing problems.

e Obliged investigations’ research cases to proceed with Due Process Revocation Hearings or court proceedings per agency policies.

e Pioneered Texas Youth Commission Dallas District - Female Teen's First (FT1) Girls Groups.

* Rocketed in decreasing recidivism rate by 25% for female offenders in Dallas County area by securing community resources.

e Served as liaison securing resources with school personnel, community, government agencies, law enforcement, families, and other
agencies.

e Revitalized life skills workshops in parenting, social freedom etiquette, and gender-related seminars.

« Appointed as Acting Supervisor.

¢ Developed written assessments/recommendations for alternative forms of sentencing, treatment, custody release, suspension of sentence,
release into treatment facilities, out-of-custody parole, and compliance.

¢ Collaborated with institutional staff, area law enforcement, mental health boards, county attorneys, and treatment providers.

* Conducted pre-sentence investigations by doing in-depth research and compiling police reports.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Social Work, 12/1996
Grambling State University - Grambling, LA

CERTIFICATIONS

e Team Building Coordination

e Complex Problem-Solving

e Understanding Trends Juvenile Case Management System (JCMS) Student Management Systems (SMS)
e Non Violent Crisis Intervention

e Juvenile Probation Officer, Dallas County Juvenile Probation Department