Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Service Advocate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
auaticnats om
PERSONAL STATEMENT
1) Psychology Instructor in the 90's at college in Las Vegas, NV x 10 years SKILLS
2) USAF x 10+ years as a medic and photojournalist In US and Europe 3) Demonstrated Ability To
three earned university degrees (|.e., BAYEnglish; MS/Cornmunity Assist Clients With
Counseling; and PsyD/Psychology) 4) five different volunteer social Activities,
organizations to give back to ry cormmunity [see all on website at Z
http://www, wjackson. net).
LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE
English (Native)
Service Advocate French (Professional)
ABC Corporation- July 2014 - February 2016 Spanish (Professional)
Re sponsibilities:
= Advocate for and supporting the individuals serve to ensure they are as INTERESTS
independent as possible.
* Develop and maintain a positive relationship with individuals served. Sled
= Teach daily living skills to individuals served. Cooking 7
= Provide oneonone or group community integration outings. Reading

= Monitor individual physical and ernotional health, obtain services as
directed and report all significant issues to the coordinator.
= Administer individuals medications, REFERENCES
= Write shift summaries on a dally basis.
Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Advocate Reference - 2 (Company
Priest River Ministries- 2010 - 2014 Name) :
Re sponsibilties:
= for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault and trafficking
« Volunteer one day per week to act as advocate if victims are in need of
assistance, shelter, clothing, Civil Protection Orders, and childcare
= Perform shelter checks at three local locations
= Spokane Neighborhood Action Partners (SNAP), Spokane, WA 2015-
Present Grant writing assistant for Living Green, energy
conservatiory awareness outreach prograrm
= Responsible for research of potential grants available, completion of
Letters of Interest (LOIs), Completion of grant applications,
edit/proofreading, and other misc
= tasks as needed
= Golden Key International Honor Society Member since 2014.

Education

Bachelor of Artsin Early Childhood Education Administration -
(Ashford University - San Diego, CA)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines