JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

¢ Highly energetic

¢ Reliable and outgoing and detail-oriented nature
¢ Handles multiple responsibilities simultaneously
¢ Providing exceptional customer service

¢ Flexible hard worker

e Ready to learn and contribute to team success

¢ Dedicated employee

¢ Known for punctuality, pursuing employment options
¢ Good customer service

¢ Positive attitude

¢ Technologically-savvy

e Time management

¢ Multitasking abilities

e Attentive to customer needs

¢ Break down technical problems

¢ Develop effective solutions

¢ Positive atmosphere promotion

¢ Creative lesson plans

e Training and Development

e Excellent reading comprehension

* Organizational development knowledge

¢ Public Speaking

¢ Proofreading/editing

¢ Teaching.tutoring and counseling

e Organizer
¢ Collaborative
¢ Conflict revolutionist
* People skills
¢ Book smart
SKILLS
e Payment processing e Time management
e Training and development e Supervision
¢ High-energy attitude ° MS Office
¢ Call Center Operations e Communication
« Business development understanding e Team building
¢ Stockroom procedures ¢ Computer skills
¢ Inbound and Outbound Calling * Conflict resolution
e Office equipment proficiency e Surveying
* Collecting information e Able to stand for hours
e Type 35+ wpm e Able to stand for 10+ hours
¢ Conflict mediation e Customer seating
¢ Problem Resolution e Friendly, positive attitude
¢ Working collaboratively e Cleaning and sanitizing
¢ Decision-making © Guest and client satisfaction
e Planning e Payment methods
e Active listening © Call center operations
e Leadership ¢ Prospecting skills
« Organization e System documentation
¢ Multitasking e Account updating
¢ Relationship building e Providing customer support
¢ Basic math ® Call documentation skills
¢ Reliable and trustworthy © Call control skills
¢ Problem resolution e Resolving issues
¢ Troubleshooting e Customer communications
¢ People skills © Membership renewals
¢ Collaboration e Direct sales
¢ Organizational skills ¢ Product organization

¢ Critical thinking
EXPERIENCE

12/2021 to Current PCA (Patient Care Advocate)
Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. — Farmingdale. NY
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.
¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing
solutions.
e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
¢ Made outbound calls to obtain account information.
* De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

06/2021 to 08/2021 Warehouse Associate
Avidxchange — Usa @ Salt Lake City, UT
Moved boxes, containers and pallets with special-purpose equipment to meet demanding production targets.
e Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles for safety.
¢ Demonstrated great teamwork skills with staff members involved in production and transport.
e Maintained business operations by communicating with coworkers and managers.
© Unloaded incoming products off trucks, sorted items in staging area and transported items to final storage
locations.
© Used pallet jacks to move items to and from warehouse locations.
e Assembled cartons, crates and containers to prepare for shipping.
¢ Used tools, sprayers and cleaning solutions to disinfect work areas.
e Kept work areas clean, neat and organized for optimal productivity and worker safety.
¢ Carried out duties within fast-paced retail environment, providing organized stocking methods and plans.
© Loaded perishable goods into environmentally controlled trucks.

08/2018 to 08/2020 Customer Care Representative
Circle K Stores, Inc. — Birmingham, AL

© Monitored office supply use and stock levels and placed replenishment orders.

¢ Sorted and distributed incoming mail, dispersing to appropriate departments and personnel.

e Maintained accurate bookkeeping of important files, running reports and delivering updates on occupancy and
revenues.

e Opened, sorted and routed incoming mail and answered correspondence.

e Reviewed safety, health and sanitation processes throughout areas and enforced rules to promote security and
safety.

e Addressed and welcomed large volume of guests to business per day, improving overall customer service and
engagement.

e Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.

e Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.

01/2016 to 12/2018 Customer Service
BaseCleaningMassMade — City, STATE

¢ Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

e Answered incoming calls and offered highest level of professionalism and knowledgeable service to every
customer.

¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.

e¢ Communicated information to customers about product quality, value and style.

¢ Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.

e Suggested products and services to clients based on individual needs to drive consistent sales.

¢ Escalated customer concems, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.

e Processed customer account changes with proprietary software.

e Answered inbound customer calls and responded to inquiries.

e Responded to customer questions about products and services.

¢ Supported customer service goals and enhanced relations through friendly, knowledgeable and positive
communication.

e Greeted guests promptly with positive attitude and asked open-ended questions to better understand shopping
needs.

¢ Maintained cleanliness of front entry area.

¢ Observed customers coming and going to protect store assets.

e Scheduled reservations and notified servers and managers of large groups to prepare seating in advance.

e Greeted incoming guests to assess needs and monitor behaviors for signs of suspicious activities.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma
Poteet High School - Poteet, TX