Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Court Advocate Website > voww,qwikresurne.com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Master's degree In Criminal Justice Excel in oral, written, and interpersonal cormmunications
Comprehensive knowledge of substance abuse and mental health issues. Highly effective in
interacting with a diverse population Exceptional organizational skills.

SKILLS

Knowledge in Law sections, Cornmunication Skills, Perseverance.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Court Advocate
ABC Corporation - September 2012 - April 2013

Advocated for victims of hornicide and sexual assault In court proceedings.

Provided support to families by attending court hearings and providing Inforrnation about the
court process,

Provided information to clients about their rights and victim services.

Assisted in completing victim compensation claims.

Collaborated with cormmunity partners.

Referred clients to appropriate providers of care and provide case management services,
Advocated for individual victims as they Interact within the judicial and law enforcement
systems,

Court Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2009- 2012

Assist clients to court and refer for services based on their needs.

Prepare and accompany victims to court hearings Assist with fillng Protection frorn Abuse
petitions and Victims Compensation Provide advocacy.

Accompanied clients to Farnily Court or Criminal Court to obtained an Order of Protection Or
for hearings.

During the 17 years that Worked at VIBS the life of hundreds of women were changed and
empowered to better their lives.

Skills Used knowledge of the judicial systern,

Crisis Intervention in-person and telephone counseling to womeryteens/men Victirn
Intake/Screening Conflict resolution DV Advocacy/Educatian Safety/,

Provide courtroorn support, accompaniment, outreach, and crisis intervention for victims of
intimate partner violence, sexual violence, and child maltreatrnent.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Criminal justice - (Michigan State University)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines