Robert Smith

Community Health Advocate

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Responsible for helping patients and their support tearn to navigate and
access community services, other resources, and adopt healthy behaviors,
Supports primary care providers and clinic staff through an integrated
approach to care management and cormmunity outreach.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Community Health Advocate
ABC Corporation- August 2012 - January 2013
Re sponsibilities:
= Responsible for establishing trusting relationships with patients and

their support team while providing general support and encouragement.

* Provide referrals for services to cornmunity agencies as appropriate.

* Help patients connect with transportation resources and give
appointment reminders in special circumstances. Transporting patients
is strictly prohibited,

« Exhibit excellent working relations with patients, visitors and staff,
effectively cornmunicating the mission of CHI Saint Joseph Health and
the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

= Work collaboratively with the health care tearm, Establish positive
communications and partnerships with providers, services, the patient,
and the tearn.

= Continuously expand knowledge and understanding of cormmunity
resources, services, and programms which could be beneficial to patients
being navigated,

= Act as a community advocate between the patient/family and
community service agencies.

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2012
Re sponsibilities:
= Cornmunity Health Advocate for Senior/Disabled population.
= Health Out- Patient assistance CPR, First Ald AED certified,
= Represented families to ensure access to government assistance
including CHIP and Medicaid - Presented Information to new mothers
about healthy ,
= Provide client service to members who have claims that exceed a
certain threshold.We identify by monthly report, reach out by .
« Services that may be available to them to keep costs down,
* Documentation of significant happenings throughout your shift.
= Attend regular staff meetings, trainings, and other meeting as
requested,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Adrninistrative Skills,

Communication Skills,
Healthcare,

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)