JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Enthusiastic and energetic Customer Advocate looking for a dynamic, fast-paced position. Exceptional multitasking, prioritization and
organizational abilities. Adaptable and focused with an unparalleled work ethic and dedication to providing top-notch customer service. Self-
motivated customer service team member passionate about utilizing skills to maximize customer retention. Highly accurate and efficient with
strong investigation, problem-solving and critical thinking skills. Expert in correcting issues with little oversight and bringing more than 20
years’ experience.

SKILLS

¢ Customer and Personal Service e Billing inquiry resolution

« Time Management e Customer services

* Critical Thinking e Employee coaching

* Complex Problem Solving ¢ Call Center Operations

e Active Listening ¢ Inbound and Outbound Calling

*« Computers and Electronics e Resolving conflicts

e Judgment and Decision Making e Persuasive communication
EXPERIENCE

08/2006 to 02/2021 Customer Advocate II
Calendly — Philadelphia, PA
e Engaged with customers and worked to resolve product and service issues.
¢ Consulted with customers to discuss concerns and offer detailed information.
e Maintained thorough and detailed documentation of customer interactions and outcomes.
e Performed extensive research on all inquiries and concerns to achieve complete client satisfaction.
© Used different knowledge banks to research customer problems and develop accurate responses.
e Researched problems with benefits, accounts and services with speed and accuracy.
e Proactively recommended changes based on consumer needs and market trends to grow company.
¢ Maintained records of general customer service data as well as customer complaints.
¢ Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.
¢ Worked with colleagues to fulfill special customer requests such follow-up requests.
e Provide telephone coverage for PTC in high call volume environment.
¢ Provide superior computer skills & telephone etiquette.
e Secure HIPAA protected information.
e Resolve provider inquiries on first contact with speed, accuracy & professionalism.
¢ Provide a complete quote of member’s medical benefits according to health plan contract.
e Review claims for accuracy & perform adjustments when necessary.
¢ Communicate clearly in a prompt & efficient manner, obtain excellent computer skills & be knowledgeable of
various HCSC software programs & ever changing workflows.
e Handle & complete written correspondence.
e Adhere to all productivity timelines by working overtime as needed.

11/2003 to 08/2006 Customer Service Representative II
Genuine Parts Company — Norman, OK

Some of my responsibilities included answering back to back calls regarding problems with customers cell phones,
troubleshooting & resolving those issues as well as processing payments, adding & removing services from
accounts & reconciling customer accounts.

© De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.

« Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.

e Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.

© Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

e Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing
solutions.

e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.

e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.

¢ Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.

¢ Escalated customer concerns, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.

01/1999 to 07/2003 Co-Owner/Operator
State Of Idaho — Meridian, ID

e My duties included all aspects of running a small termite & pest control business to include scheduling
appointments, explaining treatment options, handling accounts receivable & payable, collections & monitoring
production & inventory.

e Answer telephones & give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.

¢ Perform payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information & processing & submitting payroll.

¢ Collect & deposit money into accounts, disburse funds from cash accounts to pay bills or invoices, keep records of
collections & disbursements & ensure accounts are balanced.

© Operate office equipment, such as fax machines, copiers & phone systems. Arrange for repairs when equipment
malfunctions.

¢ Schedule & confirm appointments for clients, customers & supervisors.

e Order & dispense supplies.

e Oversaw staff hiring, initiating new training and scheduled processes to streamline operations.

10/2002 to 04/2003 Legal Assistant
Hayes Law Office — City, STATE
© Managed office scheduling and kept accurate notes on deadlines, motions and other dates.
e Handled telephone calls. meeting plans and conference organization requirements.
e Maintained knowledge on case status by reviewing relevant records and reporting back to clients.
¢ Corresponded daily with clients, insurance adjusters, doctors and attorneys.
© Drafted legal complaints, summons and interrogatories.
¢ Drafted motions, briefs and other legal documents.
e Mailed and arranged for delivery of legal correspondence to clients, witnesses and court officials.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/1989 High School Diploma
Sacred Heart-Griffin High School - Springfield, IL
Dental Assisting Premier Dental Technologies — Springfield, IL Dental Assistant Certification