CAREER FOCUS

QUALIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL VALUE

OFFERED

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘*2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Compassionate social services professional seeking to obtain the Life Skills Specialist position. Dedicated to
providing effective and supportive care while simultaneously furthering both personal and professional
development. Active listener committed to working tirelessly with clients to resolve issues and thrive on their
own terms.

« Excellent interpersonal skills e CPR Certified
e Natural leader e Proficient use of Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel
e Strong communicator ¢ Familiar with most web browsers Chrome, Safari,
e Experience with homeless and at- risk LGBTQ Firefox ect.

population

e Developed a weekly YCH Poetry group for EOB/DMH clients. Providing a constructive outlet for them to
express themselves in a supportive environment.

e Since being added to the company van insurance, | have taken initiative to expose the youth to
enriching experiences and assist with building a well- rounded lifestyle. Engaging as more active
members in our community.

YOUTH ADVOCATE 01/2016 to CURRENT
Salvation Army Usa | Trenton, MI

e Assist clients on how to deal effectively with personal interpersonal issues.

e Supervise and coordinate clients in participation and upkeep of shelter.

e Facilitate nightly groups and engage with clients building a healthy relationship.
SADES SPECIALIST 07/2015 to 10/2015
Benchmark Senior Living | Billerica, MA

¢ Facilitated home d@cor consultations with customers specialty window and floor instillations.

e Scheduled installation appointments, provided customer service and processed orders.
VILEO PRODUCTION ASSISTANT 09/2014 to 11/2015
Dartmouth College | Hanover, NH

e Collaborated with fellow crew on productions of CSUN intercollegiate athletic games. Operated graphics,
switchboard and camera ect.
e Served as Production Lead for Women's Volleyball; created promo videos and web content.

CCOIFERENCE ASSISTANT 04/2014 to 07/2014
Badger Meter Inc | Alabama, NY

e Managed international conference groups of 200 guests: Established correspondence with international
conference group leaders and thorough prep work prior to arrival.

e Responsible for checking in and out groups. confirming reservations and keeping up to date client data
as well as day to day front desk operations in the office.

CLSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 08/2012 to 05/2013
Peachtree Inn | City, STATE

e Screened applicants for apartment rentals: preformed background checks. Processed payments and
scan documents.

e Worked in a high stress environment and provided service to substance abused. mentally ill clients.

e Led tours, oversaw facility operations and managed 400 residents.

Bachelor of Arts | Cinema Television Arts 2015
California State University Northridge, Northridge, CA

HuCjanities and Fine Art 2012
Grossmont Community College, El Cajon, CA