JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Iam a Veteran with eight years of work experience as an officer in the Air Force. My duty titles included All - Source Intelligence Analyst,
Program Manager, Deputy Director, Data Analyst, Counterterrorism Analyst, Cyber Defense personnel, and I was also a part of the Judge
Advocate General (JAG) Corps. In my roles I have been responsible for the development and distribution of over 2k legal documents, leading
and managing projects for senior leaders, drafting memorandums and contracts for Department of Defense clients, training entry-level
employees, and overseeing the analysis for multiple issues concerning governmental affairs. I have strong leadership and management skills, as
well as strong communication, analytical and inter-personal skills that I have leveraged in my overall career to excel in various roles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE: Top Secret/SCI w/ CI Polygraph CAO: July 2021

SKILLS

e Legal precedent e Team building
e Writing opinions e Friendly, positive attitude
* Oratory communication * Collaboration
e Resolving disputes e Policy and procedure improvements
e Decisiveness © Product development
e Critical deduction ¢ Program leadership
¢ Intelligence analysis ¢ Project coordination
* Conducting briefings e Performance monitoring
e Threat assessment e Partnership development
e Maintaining records e Capital improvement planning
e Research and analysis ¢ Contract development and management
e Data evaluation e Issue and conflict resolution
« Top Secret Clearance e Systems and automation applications
e Assessing compliance risk e Analytical
e« Team management e Project planning
* Critical thinking * Organization

EXPERIENCE

Judge Advocate, 08/2018 - 12/2020
US Air Force- Dept. Of Defense — City, STATE
e Researched and analyzed laws and statutes to assist in making just decisions.
¢ Read and analyzed legal documents to inform decisions on pre-trial issues, motions and final rulings.
¢ Listened to plaintiff and defendant's testimony and arguments to establish facts of case.
e Determined appropriate liability, sanctions and penalties after listening to cases.
¢ Conferred with legal counsel to make determinations about objections, pretrial motions, evidence and discovery issues.
¢ Delivered legal advice to clients by recommending acceptance or rejection of claims.
e Reminded clients and personnel to remain composed during courtroom proceedings to maintain respect.
¢ Published opinions to document legal precedent established in cases and defend rationale that informed rulings.
e Leveraged knowledge of precedents and applicable laws to determine probable case outcomes.
¢ Prepared legal briefs and appeals and filed with state and federal courts as required.
e Examined legal data to determine advisability of defending or prosecuting lawsuits.
e Interviewed clients and witnesses to acquire additional insight into case details.
¢ Conducted in-depth research in order to write effective proposals, agreements and contracts.
¢ Conducted thorough interviews of prospective jurors as part of voir dire process to assess for competency and biases, making for-cause
challenges to dismiss unfit candidates.

Deputy Director of Operations, 06/2017 - 07/2018
National Security Agency, NSA — City, STATE
e Hired, trained, evaluated and retained high-performing, effective, and diverse team embodying organizational culture.
*« Accomplished leader, skilled at maximizing employees skills and knowledge, to achieve highest performance goals.
¢ Developed operational policies and processes, guaranteeing staff maintained compliance with federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
* Served as strategic advisor and functional expert on critical strategic and operational matters.
e Developed highly effective working relationships with other departments by being positive and constructive leader.
e Fostered proactive attitude and future-focused thinking among staff in fast-paced environment.
¢ Monitored outcome measures, program outcomes, and performance improvement.
¢ Revamped internal procedures into clearly defined structure, resulting in higher quality services and cost reductions.
¢ Prepared financial reports, including budgeting, profit and loss, and legal analysis.
e Orchestrated short and long range strategic plans to direct financial progress of business.
e Increased customer satisfaction and streamlined business processes and procedures.
¢ Developed analytical assessments to make crucial decisions on pending projects.
e Authored constructive business plans and led facility expansion projects, leading to rapid growth.
¢ Established new workflow and employee training processes to improve operational efficiency.
¢ Spearheaded business initiatives securing multiple multi-year contracts.
* Boosted profitability $300,000 within 9 months through strategic planning.
e Achieved 85% client satisfaction rate throughout range of services offered.

Intelligence Officer (Analyst), 05/2013 - 06/2017
United States Air Force, USAF — City, STATE

¢ Conducted and supported analysis of information operations (IO) intelligence related to political, economic, social, cultural, physical,
geographic. technical or military issues in specific foreign countries.

© Prepared briefs and intelligence presentations for Genera! Officers and Senor Leaders nationwide.

* Supported operational planning and execution of intelligence operations (IO) and military information support operations (MISO),
including liaising with other intelligence agencies and operational forces in contribution of future and daily operations.

¢ Developed and distributed intelligence products focused on field operations.

* Collected information from various communications and analyzed it for meaningful information.

e Wrote and presented briefings and reports based on intelligence findings.

e Reviewed combat plans and determined potential risks.

© Triaged threat levels and reported to commanders.

e Performed reconnaissance operations across South American, African, and Central Asians locations to gather important field intelligence.

e Wrote reports based on collected data from various Department of Defense data collection and analysis technology systems. .

® Collected, reviewed and processed intelligence information for senior personnel.

e Prepared briefs and intelligence presentations for Senior-level leadership.

* Contributed to and supported strategic and operational planning teams developing information operations (IO) and military information
support operations (MISO) organizational, personnel, equipment and fiscal resourcing concepts.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.

e Maintained military intelligence Communications Security (COMSEC) systems with complete accuracy to support national safety.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
J.D.: Law , 05/2021

North Carolina Central University School of Law - Durham, NC

Bachelor of Arts: Political Science, 05/2013
Valdosta State University - Valdosta, GA