Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Hardworking, detail-oriented and tenacious in developing and pursuing solutions to customer concerns. Adept
at balancing company objectives with customer desires. Level-headed and positive in every customer
interaction.

Self-motivated customer service team member passionate about utilizing skills fo maximize customer retention.
Highly accurate and efficient with strong investigation, problem-solving and critical thinking skills.

SKILLS © e« Educating customers e Inbound and Outbound Calling
« Customer services e« Data entry
« Resolving conflicts e Peer-to-peer coaching
EXPERIENCE (©) CUSTOMER ADVOCATE 10/04/2 to CURRENT

Bend Memorial Clinic | New York City, NY

e Engaged with customers and worked to resolve product and service issues.

e Consulted with customers to discuss concerns and offer detailed information.

e Maintained thorough and detailed documentation of customer interactions and outcomes.

e Researched problems with benefits, accounts and services with speed and accuracy.

e Provided every customer with top-notch service and satisfied each client's individual needs.

e Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
e Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.

STORE MANAGER 8/4/20 to 10/2021
Carlie C's Iga | Durham, NC

e Delivered excellent customer service and adhered to standard practices to maximize sales and minimize
shrinkage.

e Processed daily paperwork, balanced register drawers, produced staffing schedules and prepared
deposits.

e Managed inventory tracking and physical inventory counts to minimize loss.

e Balanced sales, reconciled cash and made bank deposits to facilitate opening and closing duties.

e Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable
service.

e Strengthened work flow productivity by hiring, managing and developing top talent.

e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.

e Built customer confidence by actively listening to concerns and complaints and quickly resolving issues.

e Updated and maintained store signage and displays.

e Showcased and built visually appealing displays and signs to encourage customers to buy specific
products.

e Enhanced customer satisfaction and store operations through relationship building and daily problem-
solving.

e Trained and mentored associates to teach daily tasks and procedures.

e Identified operational issues and implemented appropriate process improvements to promote workplace
Safety and productivity.

PAOQAPROFESSIONAL 08/2019 to 08/2020
Caliber Schools | Richmond, CA

e Applied positive reinforcement to redirect negative behaviors.

e Supplied one-on-one attention to each student during group activities.

e Customized small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.

e Offered students personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.

« Communicated and collaborated well with educators from various grade levels.

e Observed students to help teachers identify potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.

e Handled clerical duties, managed classrooms and coordinated documents for teachers.

e Supported students throughout academic instruction and assignments.

e Assisted with implementation of student's individualized IEP at discretion and direction of teachers and
administrators.

e Graded assignments and tests and documented results into filing systems.

e Assisted children at stations during small-group learning periods.

e Provided classroom support throughout planned instruction and individual lessons.

e Delivered instruction individually or in small groups with support from instructor.

e Monitored students’ progress in skill and personal behavioral development and reported on findings to
teachers and parents.

BACIERY MANAGER 10/2012 to 08/2020
Sprinkles | New York, NY

e Checked freshness of bakery goods and food in bakery, removing and disposing of stale or outdated
items.

e Decorated cakes and pastries, baked breads. tarts and pies and created specialty desserts.

e Minimized cross-contamination and infection risks by consistently following safe food handling
procedures.

e Implemented and executed merchandising programs to maintain and increase sales.

e Coordinating product ordering, receiving and stocking.

e Trained new bakery employees

e Resolved problems or concerns to satisfaction of involved parties.

e Delivered excellent customer service and adhered to standard practices to maximize sales and minimize
shrinkage.

e Managed inventory tracking and physical inventory counts to minimize loss.

e Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable
service.

e Strengthened work flow productivity by hiring, managing and developing top talent.

e Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards
each day.

e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.

e Monitored employee performance and identified performance gaps for corrective action.

e Built customer confidence by actively listening to concerns and complaints and quickly resolving issues.

e Updated and maintained store signage and displays.

e Showcased and built visually appealing displays and signs to encourage customers to buy specific
products.

e Enhanced customer satisfaction and store operations through relationship building and daily problem-
solving.

e |dentified operational issues and implemented appropriate process improvements to promote workplace
Safety and productivity.

e Prepared weekly schedules to verify proper floor coverage within fiscal guidelines.

EDUCATION AND © High School Diploma 05/1998
TRAINING Abilene High School, Abilene, KS