Robert Smith

Member Advocate I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Dedicated Customer Service Representative who provides exceptional
customer service through active listening and problem solving. Call Center
Representative with expertise providing customer support in high call
volume environments. Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone
etiquette,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Member Advocate Il

ABC Corporation -

April 2012 - November 2013

Re sponsibilities:

Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound custorner
calls.

Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue
per minute.

Addressed and resolved customer product cornplaints empathetically
and professionally,

Gathered and verified all required custorner information for tracking
purposes.

Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service
issues.

Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a cornplex, fast-
paced and challenging call center environment.

Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments
for further Investigation.

Member Advocate
Delta Corporation- 2008 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer
calls.

Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue
per minute,

Addressed and resolved customer product cornplaints empathetically
and professionally,

Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking
purposes,

Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service
issues.

Mastery of customer service management systerns and databases.
Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently In a complex, fast-
paced and challenging call center environment.

Education

High School Diploma in General Studies - (Wendell High School -
Wendell, |D)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Microsoft Excel,
Microsoft Word.

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)