Agriculture Worker Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Hard-working and dedicated individual looking to improve and utilize personal Intellect and
professional experience to contribute to the organization's noble goals and simultancously provide
excellent service and opportunities for company development and personal growth.

Skills

Customer Service, Critical Thinker, Multi-Task Management, Energetic And Organized.

Work Experience

Agriculture Worker
ABC Corporation - January 2006 - February 2010

Plant strawberry plants, move waler pipelines, remove weeds and old strawberries.

Thimned apple trees Picked cherries Tied tree branches Manual labor which consists of 8 to 10
of labor a day,

Agriculture, shorting crops, feeding livestock, packing products for resale sorting craps,
fertilizing, spraying harvest.

Manually plant. cultivate, and harvest grapes and field crops.

Use hand tools, such as shovels, trowels, hoes, tampers, pruning hooks, shears, and knives.
Duties included tilling soil and applying lertilizers; transplanting, weeding, thinning, or
pruning crops; applying pesticides; cleaning, packing.

Constructed trellises, repair fences and farm buildings, and participate in irrigation activities,

Agriculture Worker

Delta Corporation - 2002 -— 2006

Plant strawberry plants, move water pipelines, remove weeds and old strawberries:

Thimned apple trees Picked cherries Tied tree branches Manual labor which consists of § lo 10
of labor a day.

Agriculture, shorting crops, feeding livestock, packing products for resale sorting crops,
fertilizing, spraying harvest.

Manually plant, cultivate, and harvest grapes and field crops.

Use hand tools, such as shovels, trowels, hocs, tampers, pruning hooks, shears, and knives:
Duties Included tilling soil and applying fertilizers; transplanting, weeding, thinning, or
pruning crops; applying pesticides; cleaning, packing.

Constructed trellises, repair fenees and farm buildings, and participate in irrigation activities.

Education

Diploma - 2005{Ing. Eduardo chavez - Valle Hermoso, Tamps.}

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines