JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Growing up on a farm, I have learned the definition of hardwork, discipline, and being accountable for actions and getting a job done. I am a
very hard worker that will get the job done no questions asked. I am very vocal about questions, I do not have a problem asking a question to
assure the job gets done good and right. I'm an Ambitious, career-focused job seeker, anxious to obtain an entry-level position to help launch
career while achieving company goals. I am currently looking for a part time job as attend school at the University of Northern Colorado and
would love to work at a store that has my same interests and likes as a person! SKILLS Hole and Crack Filling Surface Compound
Application Work Planning and Prioritizing Expansion Joint and Edge Molding Hand Tools Operation Safe Equipment Use Tractor and
Implement Operation Heavy Lifting Crop Harvesting Equipment Repair and Maintenance Livestock Operations Dependable and
Hardworking Irrigation Systems Animal Nutrition Verbal and Written Communication Equipment Operation

SKILLS
e Guest services e Loss prevention
¢ Inventory control procedures © Cash register operations
* Merchandising expertise © Product promotions
EXPERIENCE

02/2023 to 08/2023 Research Geneticist
Integrated Life Choices — Colorado Springs, CO
e Conducted surveys, interviews and experimental research to facilitate data analysis.
e Conducted qualitative and quantitative analysis on assigned data.
¢ Traveled to field sites to collect and record data and samples as appropriate to specific objectives of study.
e Identified traits in certain breeds of cattle and furthered research off of it.
¢ Participated in meetings, presentations and other events.
© Met specific confidentiality requirements for all research, data and projects.
¢ Did collaborative research to address dairy forage production and sustainability goals and objectives.
e Made dairy cattle nutrition plans

02/2023 to 07/2023 JBS Operations/Management Intern
JBS Foods — City, STATE

© Helped team and shift leaders direct and manage workers.

e Administered and enforced policies consistently across different work areas to maintain fair and equitable
environment.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company
programs.

e Established and maintained thorough nutritional records and information.

e Maintained high-quality healthy dairy herds and identified and responded to health, environmental and nutritional
requirements of cows, heifers and calves.

e Assisted in loading and unloading incoming freight from various vendors.

e Executed field and harvest schedules for efficient use of equipment and to improve overall crop production.

« Demonstrated working techniques, practices and optimal safety behaviors to workers, maximizing performance and
reducing wasteful processes.

e Negotiated with buyers for sale, storage or shipment of crops or livestock.

e Gathered and documented information about stock growth, production activities and environmental readings to
make accurate plans and operational decisions.

© Used recognized breeding practices to direct breeding or raising of stock.

e Coordinated clerical, recordkeeping and marketing strategies to enhance business operations and boost profits.

04/2017 to 09/2021 Farm Hand
FARM HAND - City, STATE
e Windy Acres Farms - Gooding,
¢ Drove trucks and tractors to distribute feed to animals
* Maintained and repaired farming equipment to provide consistent usability, prime operational condition and
alleviate downtime
© Moved livestock to pastures for grazing or to scales and enclosures
e Repaired buildings, fences and other pertinent structures to keep animals properly contained
e Attached plows, sprayers or harvesters to tractors with bolts or hand tools
e Harvested vegetables to make ready for sale and consumption by picking, cleaning and packing with labels
e Used oil cans, hand tools and grease guns to lubricate and make minor repairs to farming machinery
¢ Completed harvesting activities using harvesters, tractors and other heavy equipment
e Watered and fed livestock and cleaned pens and enclosures to maintain farm animal health
¢ Observed and listened to machinery operation to detect equipment malfunctions
e Patrolled holding habitats and grazing areas to monitor animal safety and make timely repairs to equipment, gates
and pens
e Broke in new horses with diligent and patient approach focused on building trust and obedience
¢ Used all-terrain vehicles to patrol expansive land holding, pastures and grazing areas to monitor animal activities
¢ Ordered food for animals and arranged delivery
e Fed and watered livestock and monitored food and water supplies
e Administered medications and vaccinations or arranged for veterinarians to provide extensive treatment
e Examined animals to detect illness, injury or disease
¢ Herded livestock to pastures for grazing or to scales, trucks or other enclosures
¢ Moved equipment, poultry or livestock manually or using trucks or carts
e Drove trucks, tractors and other equipment to distribute feed to animals
¢ Marked livestock to identify ownership and grade using brands. tags or tattoos
¢ Cleared and maintained irrigation ditches for adequate water flow, dust suppression and crop growth
e Learned the value of hardwork

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

04/2026 Bachelor of Business Administration
University of Northern Colorado - Greeley, CO

05/2022
Gooding High School - Gooding, ID