SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Agricultural Engineer and Animal Science Major, with 18 years on field and executive positions, mainly oriented in Farming and Commercial
Assessment, Client Relations and Loan/Credit Banking, Financial Planning and Agro-industrial development and Construction. Strong
abilities in Client/Customer satisfaction and establishing long lasting relationships with clients and related companies, forming joint efforts to
achieve constant growth. Highly organized, with a very communicative leadership approach, capable of developing high performance team-
building activities, and collaborations with other institutions.

SKILLS
¢ Consultative Sales © Sales/Marketing
¢ Cash Flow management e Finance & Risk Analysis
e Financial Analysis * Cross-Selling
* Capital Budgeting e Key Performance Indicators
e Forecasting ¢ Supply Chain Management
* Statistics ¢ Commodities
« Commercial Mortgage Loans e Construction
e Agricultural Farm Lending © Blue Print and Plan reading
EXPERIENCE
07/2021 to Current New Construction Punch Contractor

11/2018 to 11/2020

09/2016 to 08/2018

01/2011 to 07/2016

08/2008 to 01/2011

06/2007 to 08/2008

Casa Mechanical Services, LLP — City, STATE

e Performed inspections of properties and individual units, identifying issues and executing corrective actions
referring to HVAC and Mechanical areas of new construction homes.
Scheduled daily routes establishing priorities according to building stage through Rough, Set Out or Closing,
achieving 90-95% daily objectives.
* Managed 23 New Construction subdivisions in the San Antonio-New Braunfels area, giving timely response and
support to several New Construction production and custom builders.
Assisted Service Department in the execution of Service and Warranty Calls to verify, identify and correct issues
and problems with mechanical-HVAC components in occupied homes, assuring 100% customer/homeowner

satisfaction.

Executed periodical inspections to Rough In and Set Out stage houses, to verify proper lay out and distribution of
equipments and mechanical components throughout new construction homes according to plans submitted by
builders and CASA.

© Utilized a variety of power tools, welders, pressurizing and HVAC equipment following recommended procedures.

Lead Office Furniture Installer
Quality Installations Services — City, STATE

e Managed office furniture installation, and reconfiguration following blueprint and contract specification.

¢ Served as a logistics assistant supervising loading/unloading of trucks, handling classification and storage of
products to be distributed to job sites.

© Operated power tool such as: power drill, swivel saws, miter saws, for furniture construction ad installing and
heavy machinery as jack hammers, compactors and other for surface and flooring preparations for product
installations.

e Supervision and training for entry level installers. Crew lead for Frost Bank Austin Tower 135 units. 05/2019.Crew
Lead for Apple Inc, Riata Vista Austin 490 units. 07/2019.Crew Lead for Apple Inc, City View Austin 278 Units
08/2019.Crew lead for 101 st Cavalry Division Medical Service For Hood. 1288 units 12/2019, 5/2020. DIRT
systems lead Installer for UT Nursery Main Floor, 07/2020. DIRTT systems assistant installer One Frost San
Antonio, 08/2020.

Agricultural Operations & Commercial Specialist
Agro Alimentos Monsa — City, STATE
With a combination of field activities and with a high-end financial analysis and advisement I started a Commodities
trading company, dealing raw materials for Feed Milling Companies, Poultry and Hog Farms. using the vast client base
from what I developed during my banking years. I negotiated volumes and prices with grain producers, processors, and
wholesalers. I contracted logistics and transportation for each negotiation for its timely delivery to each client, managing
permissions, timeframes, and equipment requirements.
e Hired an MV that would join me during visits to farms and plants. so we could diagnose critical points, operational
losses, or areas of improvement.
e Made recommendations, with a scheduled plan of action and expected results regarding operational improvements,
decreased risks an losses and cost effective procedures that aimed at an increased profit.
¢ Increased client base from 5 Poultry farms and 1 feed Mill to 12 Poultry farms, 2 Hog farms and 4 Feed Mills.
e Commercialized more than 2.5 M MT of raw materials (corn, soy meal, wheat, sorghum, amino acids) in a 12-
month period.
e Supported farmers in their compliance with government regulations.
e Evaluated and assisted clients in new project developments.
e Negotiated/commercialized 55+ raw agricultural products for animal feed manufacturing. Advised and supervised
a Total flock of 1.73 M layer hens, and 600 sows.
e Assisted in the development of a 125 MT Meat processing Plant and 3,000 MT feed Mill Plant for Grupo Don
Pedro during 2016 and 2018 as an outsourced consultant for the equipment acquisition and facilities design.

Agribusiness & Commercial Regional Manager

Banesco Universal Bank — City, STATE

Upon being promoted and due to a readjustment of the VP Corporate Sales, I was assigned to oversee the commercial
and corporate Sales team of the Region, adhering 3 more partnerships under my guidance. In this role, I was more
involved in private mortgage lending and commercial mortgage loans, keeping all the other roles and activities in place.

e Supervised the daily operations of the client management teams. There were 4 partnership teams in the
Agribusiness division and 3 teams in the commercial division, 4 operations assistant, 1 international trade specialist
and 1 intern for a total of 28 people.

e As regional manager I lead the business with the top 50 key accounts of the region and their corresponding
relationship managers, looked for new corporate business opportunities, and directed the Loan and Credit Risk
Analysis of high-profile applications.

e Accomplished a solid 27% average YoY growth in sales or assets reaching $15M. My team decreased collections
and delinquency below 1% of total loan/credit portfolio.

e Managed to raise new funds in our international bank up to 3.5 M US$.

¢ Portfolio client base grew 17% and re-started commercial operations with the largest Commercial Mall developer
of the region financing the biggest Mall in the region called Los Aviadores (The Aviators) located in the outskirts
of our hometown Maracay. Revenue and profitability in the commercial area grew 18% and managed to be number
3 in the bank.

Agribusiness Relationship Manager
Banesco Universal Bank — City, STATE
As Relationship Manager, our may task was to upkeep, build and develop client's relation and business with the
institution through constant contact visits, phone calls, attending events, Agricultural fairs and Expos, attending AG Co-
op and its members, developing existing clients value chain, networking upstream with providers, suppliers and
business partners, and selecting and prospecting new clients from their downstream commercial chain. Also, this
position carried out the cross-selling process for the organization involving our insurance company, job benefit
management company and our overseas related banks.

e Directly supervised the performance of 5 lending specialists.

e My partnerships managed to achieve 52% YTY growth in assets and loans.

e Decreased collections and delinquency to less than 2% overall.

e Increased international ops 50%.

Agricultural Lending Officer
Banesco Universal Bank — City, STATE
Managed clients directly and we would own our portfolio, attended daily clients’ needs and requirements, through
inbound office clients, calls, outbound calls, constant follow up and visits. This position was a much more active job
since we were the face and starting point of making a connection with the client and with the bank. We would receive,
review, analyze and process applications for loan, Credit cards, opening and closing accounts. I processed deposits,
withdrawals, and directly managed client's files while having special care for the loan applications and paperwork, from
basic client information to reviewing financial statements (Balance Sheets, CashFlows, Earnings, and Capex).
© We were able to increase 60% of loans and assets in the first years, the client base grew 45% from 97 clients to 140
and we were able to comply with government portfolio mandatory regulation of 100%.
¢ Processed loan applications, bank products, Letters of Credit, pay-offs, and release of liens for a portfolio of 300+
clients, including applicants for commercial and industrial products.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

10/2010

03/2005

LANGUAGES

Certification: Consultative Sales in Changing Environments
IESA - Caracas, Venezuela

Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Engineering
Central University of Venezuela - Maracay, Venezuela

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Italian:

Negotiated:

Wessrrtes, PortTFo.ios, PROFILES

e https://www_linkedin.com/in/Jessica-adolfo-escobar-escalona-92a33bal/
¢ https://www-.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/venezuelas-paradox-people-are-hungry-but-farmers-cant-feed-them/2017/05/21/
ce460726-3987-11e7-a59b-26e045 1a96fd_story html