Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website : www, qwikre sume, com
Agriculture Teacher LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Aself motivated and able to work both independently and as a collaborative tearm member,
Looking to obtain a position where one can further develop skills and knowledge in the customer
service industry while working for a company that will allow growing personally and professionally.

SKILLS

Organization, Inventory Management, Coordinating, Planning, Managing, Strong Leadership,
Team Player,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Agriculture Teacher
ABC Corporation - August 2008 - January 2012

* Encouraged discussion of class material to promote critical thinking,

- Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues, and administrators,

* Supervised and directs the daily work of 65 students.

+ Emphasized Shop Safety,

* Taught grades 9-12 In classroom and laboratory environments.

» Subjects taught Include plant and animal science, construction management, environmental
science, forestry, woodworking, welding, business, etc.

* Taught 9th - 12th-grade students woodworking Taught classes of 25-30 students shop work
and class lecture,

Agriculture Teacher
Delta Corporation - 2004 - 2008

* Encouraged discussion of class material to prornote critical thinking,

* Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues, and administrators,

+ Supervised and directs the daily work of 65 students.

* Emphasized Shop Safety.

* Taught grades 9-12 In classroom and laboratory environments.

* Subjects taught Include plant and animal science, construction management, environmental
science, forestry, woodworking, welding, business, etc.

* Taught 9th - 12th-grade students woodworking Taught classes of 25-30 students shop work
and class lecture.

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Agriculture Science - 1972(California Polytechnic State University)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings