Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Agricultural Technician Website : wwwi.qwikresuime, com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Motivated and talented individual with proven expertise In oilfield / equipment maintenance
&arnp; repair technology. | arn looking for opportunities to further my career and knowledge within
this industry.

SKILLS

Delivery Driver. Gass A, B, Box Trucks And Vans, Growing, Harvesting And Trimming Of The
Cannabis Plant, Custorner Service, Retall Sales.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Agricultural Technician
ABC Corporation - August 2015 - 2022

Placed and serviced Insect traps on fruit trees (citrus, stone, apple, avocado, fig, persimmon,
ete.) -Knowledge of tree species and Invasive fruit fly species required (Oriental Frult Fly,
Mediterranean Fruit Fly, Melon Fly, Asian Citrus Psyllid),

Drived a state-jssued vehicle and Use provided maps to travel to trap locations across Santa
Clara County.

Used GPS to mark trap sites.

Relocated trap sites (up to 7 a day) to different properties;

Communicated program goals to property owners upon trap placement,

Provided excellent communication to supervisor and manager regarding field research stucies
and laboratory research studies.

Provided detailed inventory and documentation of product and explanation of research
projects.

Agricultural Technician
Delta Corporation - 2012- 2015

Responsible for the pest management of research fields Operated peanut separators and
shellers for harvested peanut plots Responsible for locating ,

Student worker for Extension agronormist Gained experience with multiple crops Operated
specialized research planters arid harvesters for experimental,

Assisted with & variety of duties on alarge agricultural operation including Customer service
relations and delivery of Ag products Leading tearns .

Employment typeparttime Maintenance and service of farm machinery Driver tractor-trailers
All aspects of farrn operations.

Employment typeful-time All operations of farming Maintenance Service Finances Employee
relations Cornmodity sales.

Chernical, fertilizer warehouse,loading farm equipment.

Operate a field service repair truck,

EDUCATION

Bachelor's In Geography

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings