PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Leader in detailed assessment and mapping of environmental impacts for development and building projects.
Expansive knowledge of regulations and laws pertaining to projects and environmental impacts. Diplomatic
facilitator of difficult conversations between stakeholders with conflicting perspectives on land use.
Sustainability-oriented authority on best practices for developing land in and near sensitive ecosystems. Well-
connected liaison in communities impacted by development, valuing input as key element of planning
process. Detailed cartographer and surveyor with acute attention to design principles and field techniques.
Provided technical support for environmental remediation or litigation projects, including remediation system
design or determination of regulatory applicability.

« Knowledge of Basic principles of land, water, « Basic knowledge of concepts employed in a
fish, wildlife, and other natural resources variety of disciplines including environmental
research planning, economics, and resource management
e Knowledge of principles of ecology; soil and e Efficient in use of geolocation and geo-
irrigation sciences, resource management, referencing software applications, resource
hydrology, geology, and waste prevention conservation program impacts and
« Well versed in statistical methods implementation strategies

« Knowledge of Land-use practices with reference ¢ Knowledge of recycling issues.
to their general effect on human health, natural « Broad knowledge of legislative process:

resources. agricultural productivity, and California and Federal environmental regulatory
environment and resource management laws, regulations,
e Knowledge of effects of hazardous and non- plans, programs. and policies relating to their
hazardous waste material and their interactions program area
on environment e Knowledge of resource management practices
e Knowledge of chemical reactions and chemical and techniques
substances and waste materials and their ¢ Environmental assessments
interactions with and effects on public health and « Environmental design
environment. ¢ Environmental management

e Extensive knowledge of California and Federal
environmental laws, rules. regulations, and
requirements

e Knowledge if basic toxicology, hydrology.
geology, and principles of risk assessment and
risk management

) ASSOCIATE ENVIRONMENTAL PLANNER 05/2018 to CURRENT

Cleveland Clinic | Warrensville Heights, OH

e Compiled reports on environmental impacts to submit and present to stakeholders and community
members, translating highly technical information to general public.

e Assessed proposals submitted by contractors and stakeholders to determine environmental impacts.

e Coordinated and adhered to project deadlines, schedule coordination and operating budgets.

e Educated and supervised team members on best practices for field operations, leading by example and
attending to group needs.

e Assessed project proposals by stakeholders and advised on feasibility.

e Operated by strict regional regulatory practices.

e Supervised and planned environmental remediation efforts.

e Evaluated work of colleagues to assure quality of work.

e Collected field data and accurately adhered to standard operating procedures.

e Supervised and maintained sensitive records detailing production. retention and destruction.

e Drew maps, designs and other representations of construction plans to scale by hand or using GIS.

e Advised corporations and government agencies of procedures to follow in cleaning up contaminated
sites to protect people and environment.

e Served as subject matter expert (SME) on environmental regulations and policies.

e Formulated and implemented long-range plans for environmental programs.

e Provided system and component design reducing negative impact on area environment.

e Advised corporations or government agencies of procedures to follow in cleaning up contaminated sites
to protect people and environment.

e Performed environmental site assessments and provided remediation recommendations.

e Independently identify problems, developed course of action, and conducted critical and/or sensitive
scientific investigations and studies

e Prepared guidance, policy, planning, or regulatory documents and legislative proposals on issues of
importance

e Provided environmental analysis, research, management, planning, regulation, or investigation

e Developed and implemented environmental policies. programs, plans, or research projects

e Conducted environmental monitoring and surveillance, and enforcement

e Performed work in environmental management program

e Performed work of multidisciplinary environmental investigatory program

e Developed scientific methodologies, research projects, criteria, procedures, guidelines. reference
materials, planning and regulatory documents

e Developed solutions for critical and/or sensitive environmental management problems

e Independently planned environmental studies

e Provided research and evaluation of short-term and important projects concerning public health,
agricultural productivity, and environmental protection

e Developed techniques for handling and analyzing large variety of detailed data

e Communicated results and implications of studies to non specialists

e Provided leadership in accomplishing basic functions and objectives in assigned programs and inspired
confidence and effective working relationships with employees, managers, and leaders in government
and industry

e Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships

e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity

e Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently

AGRICULTURAL STANDARDS AND PROGRAM AIDE 05/2015 to 05/2018
San Joaquin County Agricultural Commissioner | City, STATE

e Assisted professional staff by performing support services related to enforcement of agricultural and
weights and measures laws.

e Assembled and baited variety of pest detection traps or devices: placed and maintained traps in good
physical condition; inspected traps on regularly specified schedule.

e Collected and submitted any specimens suspected of being target pests.

e Performed specific pest surveys

e Explained to public purposes and importance of pest detection survey program.

e Kept detailed records and maps of trap locations, dates of servicing and trap conditions: prepare
routine reports of work performed.

e Implemented environmental policies, programs, plans, or research projects; Conducted environmental
monitoring and surveillance, enforcement, and environmental management programs

OFGICE ASSISTANT Il 12/2006 to 02/2012
San Joaquin County Behavioral Health Services | City, STATE

e Prepared documents from written material or machine transcription using a typewriter, word processor
or other office equipment

e Formatted documents, charts, reports and forms using techniques that may require use of office
automation equipment

e Edited for punctuation and spelling: proofread for accuracy and consistency

e Independently composed and prepare reports, letters and/or memoranda. Performed basic secretarial
work; received and screened visitors, callers, and mail, and directed to appropriate individual or office

e Took and transmitted messages: made appointments: greeted and assisted customers in person, over
phone, on computer or through other means of communication.

e Delivered clerical support by handling range of routine and special requirements

e Produced high-quality documents, spreadsheets and presentations for internal and customer-facing
needs

e Welcomed office visitors and alerted staff to arrivals of scheduled appointments

e Interacted with customers by phone, email or in-person to provide information

e Completed clerical tasks such as filing, copying and distributing mail

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management

e Kept office supplies well organized and sufficiently stocked, placing orders promptly to replenish
materials before depleted

e Informed and supported business leaders through consistent communication and administrative support
duties

e Managed multiple projects simultaneously using organizational and analytical skills

e Promptly received and forwarded incoming communications, such as phone calls, emails and letters, to
appropriate staff

Bachelor of Science | Environmental Science 06/2015
University of Phoenix, Tempe, AZ

AsCociate of Arts | General 06/2011
San Joaquin Delta College, Stockton, CA

Diploma | Mortgage Banking/Real Estate 06/2003
Ca Career College, Manteca, CA