JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Resourceful and quick-thinking Miller with 6 years in warehouse and inventory management. Improves shipping and receiving efficiency and
accuracy by applying strong leadership skills.

SKILLS
* Quality assurance e Fast learner
e Excellent hand-eye coordination ¢ Power and hand tools
e Process improvements e Strong mechanical aptitude
¢ Deadline-driven © Certified Forklift Operator
¢ Highly observant e General building maintenance
e Active listener e Efficient troubleshooter
« Safety-oriented ¢ Troubleshooting
e Able to lift [50] pounds e Organized
© Multi tasking ¢ Mechanical Knowledge
* Boomtruck operation e Team Training
¢ Production procedures © Production Scheduling
* Coupling and uncoupling e Time Management
¢ Current medical card e Material handling
* Good communication skills e Hard working and self-motivated

e Hazardous Materials Endorsement
¢ DOT regulations

WorK HISTORY

Miller, 2013 - 04/2015
Treehouse Foods — Works

¢ Responsible for achieving production requirements.

e Prepared and maintained production reports and personnel records.

e Reviewed processing schedules and production orders concerning inventory requirements, staffing requirements, work procedures and duty
assignments, considering budgetary limitations and time constraints.

e Maintained necessary level of communications between shifts.

e Ensured that all health and safety guidelines were followed.

¢ Drove daily production activities with effective communication and leadership.

¢ Met aggressive production and safety goals while minimizing equipment downtime.

* Successfully managed production activities so all orders were shipped on time.

¢ Managed documentation of and training on production procedures and work instructions.

* Procured required manufacturing equipment and parts

e Work closely with QC staff to develop new test methods for raw materials.

* Quality Control

e Forklift Operation

Laborer, 04/2009 - 2013
Department Of Health And Human Services — Aberdeen
* Cleaned and maintained the warehouse in compliance with OSHA safety standards.
e Stacked and stored pallets at the end of the shift to keep warehouse clean and organized.
¢ Loaded products weighing up to 100 pounds onto trailers for delivery.
¢ Maximized sales by shipping on time and accurately.
© Moved freight, stock and other materials to and from storage and production areas and loading docks.

Machinists mate, 07/2003 - 04/2007
United States Navy — City
e Retained tank levels and flow rates to meet water demand.

e Performed minor mechanical work and routine equipment maintenance.

¢ Applied caulk, sealants and other agents to installed surfaces.

* Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.
e Maintained and repaired tools, equipment and machines.

© Referred to blueprints, repair manuals and parts catalogs to diagnose and repair equipment.

¢ Referred to blueprints, repair manuals and parts catalogs to diagnose and repair equipment.

¢ Installed machinery, equipment and new and replacement parts.

e Inspected drives, motors and belts.

¢ Lubricated shafts, bearings and machinery gears.

e Transferred tools, parts, equipment and supplies to and from work stations.

e Maintained necessary level of communications between shifts.

¢ Ensured that all health and safety guidelines were followed.

e Accurately read, understood, and carried out written instructions.

e Attended monthly safety meetings to ensure machine operation safety.

e Employed wide variety of hand and power tools including hoists, drills, precision measuring instruments and electronic testing devices.
e Followed company procedures to maintain work environment in a neat and orderly condition.
e Inspected machine parts for conformance to product specifications.

¢ Promoted shop safety by working in a safe manner.

EDUCATION

CDL A Composite Class Training - Commercial Drivers License Certificate, 2015
San Juan College - 907 South Hutton Farmington NM 87401
Certificate Commercial Drivers License Presidential Honors

High School Diploma: 2003
Shiprock High School - Shiprock High School Shiprock NM 87401
High School Diploma

NA: International Grains Program, NA

Kansas State University - Manhattan Kansas

International Grains Program Short Milling Course Certificate
HACCP Certificate