JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Hardworking Warehouse Associate with excellent materials handling, storage management and shipment preparation skills. Experienced in
picking orders, assembling pallets and preparing containers. Delivers accurate inventory counts and maintains detailed warehouse records.
Meticulous Warehouse Worker with strong focus on quality and performance. Comfortable working in cold storage and extreme warehouse
environments. Knowledgeable about commonly-used practices and procedures within warehouse industry. Dependable Warehouse professional
with excellent time management, equipment operation and teamwork abilities. Knowledgeable about OSHA requirements and general safety
practices. Driven to improve efficiency and quality by adhering to company procedures. Experienced Agricultural Laborer with skills in
operating farm machinery and tending livestock. Grows quality crops through effective irrigation, fertilizing and inspection techniques. Hard
worker maintaining animal wellness by administering vaccines, disinfecting pens and providing fresh food. Determined individual with
exceptional know-how in growing and cultivating variety of plants and shrubs. Bilingual and knowledgeable in speaking and receiving

information . Seeking nursery or greenhouse position within any big organization.

SKILLS

e Shipment Palletization e Warehouse Operations
e Picking and Packing e Clear Communication
e Purchase Order Review e Able to Lift and Carry 100 Lbs.
e Cycle Counts ¢ Collaboration and Teamwork
¢ Heavy Lifting e Customer Relations
e Basic Mathematics ¢ Customer Service
e Material Loading and Unloading e Employee Training and Supervision
e Cleaning and Organization e Time Management and Prioritization
e Health and Safety Regulations e Cash Handling
¢ Problem-Solving ¢ Handling Complaints
¢ Heavy Equipment Operation e Multitasking and Organization
e Sorting and Labeling e Decision Making
« Attention to Detail e Weighing and Measuring
* Safety Procedures e Waste Reduction
e Staff Training e Valid Food Handlers Certification
¢ Self-Motivated and Disciplined

EXPERIENCE

Fast Food Team Member, 11/2022 - Current
Rock Strategic — Gilmer, TX
¢ Carefully maintained proper sanitation, health and safety standards in work areas following practices and company requirements.
*« Completed opening, closing and shift change tasks by following company guidelines.
¢ Processed transactions and made change for cash payments or accepted credit cards, debit cards and gift cards.
e Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables.
¢ Completed side tasks by restocking condiments and cleaning refrigerators.
* Boosted customer satisfaction by quickly addressing and resolving complaints with food or service.
e Answered customer questions about food preparation, responding to ingredient and allergen concerms.
¢ Verified orders and bagged items for easy transport.
* Modified requested menu items in POS system to customize orders.
* Organized food items on serving trays and in carry-out packages.
¢ Promoted food items, beverages and desserts to increase sales.
e Assisted management with monthly inventory control and weekly stock ordering.

* Operated cash register and received payment from customers in cash or credit form.

Fast Food Worker, 02/2022 - 08/2022
Penn State University — University Park, PA
¢ Kept customer and food preparation areas clean and well-organized.
* Completed side tasks by restocking condiments and cleaning refrigerators.
¢ Processed transactions and made change for cash payments or accepted credit cards, debit cards and gift cards.
¢ Boosted customer satisfaction by quickly addressing and resolving complaints with food or service.
e Recorded customer orders and communicated clearly to confirm each order.
e Maintained neat, well-groomed appearance, impeccable personal hygiene, hair restraint and minimal jewelry to meet company standards.
e Answered customer questions about food preparation, responding to ingredient and allergen concerms.
e Made and served coffee, tea and fountain drinks.
* Organized food items on serving trays and in carry-out packages.
© Operated grills, deep fryers and griddles safely to avoid accidents or injury.
¢ Reported food inventory and supplies to management to reorder and maintain adequate stock.
e Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables.
* Operated cash register and received payment from customers in cash or credit form.
¢ Followed company safety standards for food quality and sanitation procedures.
¢ Worked with teammates and openly invited coaching from management team.
e Packaged menu items into bags or trays and placed drink orders into carriers for easy transport.

Car Wash Employee, 02/2020 - 04/2022
Simon Mobile Car Wash — City, STATE
e Cleaned wheels, tires, hub caps and wheel covers to protect wheels and wheel components from deterioration.
e Greeted each customer and supplied service-level options and pricing, including promotional and membership information.
* Used scrapers, brushes, clothes, cleaners, disinfectants, insecticides, acid, abrasives, vacuums and hoses to clean and protect interior and
exterior of vehicle.
© Detailed inside of vehicles, including scrubbing, shampooing and vacuuming interior.
¢ Pre-soaked or rinsed machine parts and equipment by immersing objects in cleaning solutions or water.
e Used vacuum cleaners and buffers to clean interior of vehicles.
e Mixed cleaning solutions and abrasive compositions according to formulas.
e Preserved exterior paint by carefully cleaning cars with proper techniques and solutions.
e Washed vehicle exteriors, detailed interior and applied external sealant or polish.
e Applied wax to auto body and wiped and buffed surfaces to prevent oxidation.
¢ Inspected vehicles thoroughly to recommend changing of auto parts, painting and other necessary services.

Agricultural Field Worker, 10/2015 - 08/2021
South Pacific — City, STATE
e Transported barrels, baskets and crates of picked fruit to assigned areas.
e Used hand tools, ladders and other equipment to complete assigned tasks efficiently.
e Loaded and unloaded containers of fruit manually and with conveyors and hand trucks.
e Loaded and unloaded crop harvests into trucks or storage areas.
e Harvested [Type] crops by hand to avoid damage to delicate items.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/2022
Foothill High School - Bakersfield, CA

LANGUAGES

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: