JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Punctual and efficient Driver known for reliability, route planning and excellent customer interactions. Motivated to provide prompt, friendly and
professional service at all times.

SKILLS

© Delivery and Shipment Records e Valid Vehicle Insurance and Registration
¢ Complex Problem-Solving e Equipment Inspection
e Material Handling Equipment e Transportation Logs
e Traffic Laws and Regulations e Commercial Driving Experience
e Ability to Lift 50 Pounds e Safe Driving Practices
« Federal Regulations © Safety
e Efficiency and Time Management

Work HIsToRY

Water Truck Driver, 11/2018 - 01/2019
Mdu Resources Group, Inc. — Boise, ID
* Completed on-time deliveries by choosing best and most efficient routes.
e Loaded truck and properly secured items to prevent damage for deliveries.
e Maintained organized, clean and professional vehicle to protect company reputation with customers.
e Successfully avoided time delivery delays by carefully planning best routes.
¢ Documented mileage, deliveries, pickups, customer issues and damages.
e Determined quickest and safest routes for delivery by using effective planning and organizational skills.
¢ Complied with truck driving rules as well as company policies and procedures regarding safe vehicle operations.
e Inspected truck equipment and supplies and reported problems and safety hazards to supervisors following each shift.
¢ Mapped out destinations ahead of time to ascertain quickest and safest routes for delivery.
¢ Loaded and unloaded various delivery vehicles with correct order and balancing.
e Inspected load security and checked for damages.
¢ Completed routine maintenance on truck to keep in working order.
© Loaded and unloaded [Number] delivery vans per shift.
Safely loaded and unloaded [Number] pounds of [Type] and [Type] hazardous material without incident.

Truck Driver, 09/2018 - 10/2018
Dot Foods — Vidalia, GA
© Operated with safety and skill to avoid accidents and delays.
¢ Demonstrated safe driving by following regulations and safety procedures, resulting in zero accidents.
e Inspected trucks for malfunctions and reported vehicles to management for corrective action.
¢ Completed regular inspections and maintenance actions, as well as basic equipment repairs, to keep equipment operating at peak levels.
© Maximized load safety by balancing, securing and weighing products.
¢ Loaded and unloaded products at warehouses and customer locations using hand trucks, pallet jacks and forklifts.
e Enhanced customer relations by consistently delivering shipments according to schedule and quickly addressing any concerns.
e Invoiced, collected monies due and settled accounts with shippers each day.
e Potatoes Harvest loading an unloading potatoes, use weight scales .

Truck Driver, 09/2017 - 06/2018
Dot Foods — Modesto, CA
© Operated with safety and skill to avoid accidents and delays.
¢ Demonstrated safe driving by following regulations and safety procedures, resulting in zero accidents.
e Inspected trucks for malfunctions and reported vehicles to management for corrective action.
e Maintained daily, legible DOT log book and submitted corresponding documents.
¢ Clearly communicated with dispatchers to give updated information on estimated times of arrival and latest road conditions.
¢ Completed regular inspections and maintenance actions, as well as basic equipment repairs, to keep equipment operating at peak levels.
© Maximized load safety by balancing, securing and weighing products.
« Executed safety practices and inventory loading without customer complaints, accidents or lost-time.
¢ Loaded and unloaded products at warehouses and customer locations using hand trucks, pallet jacks and forklifts.

City Bus Operator, 09/2006 - 11/2007
Cvs Health — Concord, NC
e Provided passenger assistance, collected fares and offered schedule and route information.
¢ Conducted pre-trip inspections of bus for safe operation.
e Transported passengers safely along prescribed routes according to tight schedules.
e Adhered to scheduled routes and accomplished timely drop-offs and pick-ups to comply with preset route criteria.
e Assisted passengers with disabilities and other physical issues in boarding and exiting bus to promote passenger safety.
¢ Operated bus and navigation equipment in alignment with company safety, DOT and local traffic standards and regulations.
© Obeyed federal, [State] and local traffic laws and regulations to enable safe transportation outcomes for participants.
¢ Followed schedules precisely to completely daily routes.
¢ Helped elderly passengers or those with limited mobility enter and exit bus.
e Maintained frequent contact with dispatch to receive instructions and report on delays or incidents.
¢ Completed daily reports covering trip details, vehicle maintenance actions and reportable incidents.

EDUCATION
Commercial Driver License : CDL Driving Program , 07/2018
San Juan College - Farmington, NM
High School Diploma: 09/1987
Sierra Nevada High School - Reno, Nv.
CERTIFICATIONS

e [Area of expertise]Certificated of completion NSC Professional Truck Driver License - [Timeframe] Instructional Hours 4 San Juan College-
School of Energy