JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Experienced hard-working Market News Reporter with great communication and leadership skills seeks a position as an Agricultural Market
Reporter, International Reports Section. Skilled at reading and applying market news data and information to generate related reports.

SKILLS
e Great working relationships industry members to acquire and © Project development and management experience.
exchange pricing information on various commodities. e Experienced at research and writing technical reports.
e Skilled at developing and releasing market reports based on e Experienced at reviewing and interpreting financial reports.
market-related information. e Skilled at reviewing and applying U_S. Standards.

e Experienced at analyzing weather related and economic impacts of
various commodities.

e Skilled at reviewing Trends information and completing reports
based on future projections.

e Supervisory experience.

EXPERIENCE

Market News Reporter, 01/2020 - Current

Department Of Agriculture — Athens, GA

For a more than a year I have worked for the Phoenix Market News Shipping Point office. I have collected market pricing from industry
members. I have tracked incoming shipments into ports of entry. I have regularly used the data and related information to generate and submit
reports. I have reviewed and analyzed Trends data and have submitted reports for future projections.

Supervisory Inspector-in-Charge. 10/2015 - 01/2020

USDA - AMS - City, STATE

For more than 4 years, I continued my role as supervisor of the St. Louis, MO USDA- AMS SCI Division inspection office. I managed and
coordinated various inspection related projects of office personnel. I used and applied U.S. Grading Standards. I reviewed documents and the
work of subordinates for accuracy. I continuously built good working relationships with industry members. I also regularly reviewed various
financial reports of the office.

Quality Management Programs (QMP) Coordinator , 05/2013 - 08/2016

USDA -— City, STATE

For 4 years, I coordinated and provided staffing for a Quality Management Program (QMP) for one my office's applicants. Based on outside
industry specifications, we ensured the quality of "local homegrown" produce prior to distribution throughout the Midwest. This provided extra

revenue for the office.

Officer-in-Charge, 05/2011 - 09/2015

U.S. Department Of Agriculture — City, STATE

For more than 4 years, I supervised and managed the St. Louis, MO USDA- AMS inspection office. I reviewed written and electronic reports of
all office personnel based on applications of U.S. Grading Standards. I approved leave requests from subordinates in WebTA. I provided insight

to various industry members nationwide. I reviewed various financial reports for discrepancies and made corrections, when needed.

Agricultural Commodity Grader, 03/2009 - 05/2011

U.S. Department Of Agriculture — City, STATE

For more than 2 years, I learned how to review and apply U.S. Grading Standards to fresh produce items. I became quite skilled at writing
various types of certificates and performing varying inspection types (e.g. 8e imports, Quality & Condition, Condition only, Freezing, Dump
inspections, etc.). I worked with other inspectors on "Team inspections" and built long working relationships with industry members.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Master of Science: Food Safety, 2015

Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI

While in graduate school, I studied and completed course work related to the field of Food Safety. I worked closely with faculty and other
students to not only improve my knowledge of Food Safety, but theirs as well. Lastly, I initiated and successfully completed a project in Food
Safety allowing me to graduate with my Masters (MS) in Food Safety.

Master of Science: Food Science And Nutrition, 2008

Ohio University - Athens, OH

For 2 years, I conducted studies and research in the field of Food Science and Nutrition with emphasis on Food Chemistry. As a part of my
graduate studies, I read and reviewed numerous scientific journals, conducted food research, and taught undergraduate courses and food labs.
Lastly, based on my research, I wrote and completed a Master's thesis allowing me to graduate with a Master's (MS) in Food Science and
Nutrition.

Bachelor of Science: Biology, 2005
Ohio State University - Columbus, OH
I studied various courses in Biological Sciences and related sciences. I read and reviewed course materials. This work allowed me to graduate

with a Bachelor of Science in Biology.

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

e FY-16, 2nd Quarter USDA AMS SCI Division Director's Award - for Excellence in Supervision.
e Member, Institute of Food Technologists (IFT)

¢ Member, Michigan State University Alumni Association

¢ Member, Ohio University Alumni Association

* Member, Ohio State University Alumni Association

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES:

Anthony Georgiana

US. Department of Agriculture

SCI Division - Officer-in-Charge (Atlanta, GA)
(718) 207-6235

Anthony Vitullo

U.S. Department of Agriculture

AMS - Market News Reporter (Chicago, IL)
(312) 545-4915

Samuel Gonzales

U.S. Department of Agriculture

AMS - Market News Reporter - Shipping Point (Phoenix, AZ)
(575) 640-9858

Dave Pompilio

U.S. Department of Agriculture

Training Branch - Senior Trainer

(540) 850-1157