JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic professional with five years of experience in developing agricultural structures, systems and machine solutions by utilizing
engineering technology. Instrumental in creating successful plans achieving sustainability benchmarks while boosting agricultural development.
Diverse in delivering detailed agricultural plans to wide-ranging business types.

SKILLS
e Client coordination * Conflict resolution
¢ Proposal Development e Leadership
¢ Information Collection © Selfmotivated professional
e Environmental protection strategies © Detail-oriented
« Reading comprehension e Training & Development
e« Compassion e Customer Service
© First Aid/CPR e Organization and Time management
Work HIsTory

Agricultural Consultant, 09/2011 - Current
Varied Employers — City, STATE
e Researched in detail to determine root causes of issues and formulate improvements for preparing and conducting agricultural tasks.
e Discussed plans with clients, contractors and other engineers to evaluate and improve plans for maximal efficiency at implementation.
e Planned and executed development of irrigation, drainage and water-resource systems to maximize water usage. reduce runoff and improve
crop production.
e Planned and directed construction of rural electric-power distribution systems and irrigation, drainage and flood control systems for soil
and water conservation.
¢ Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.
¢ Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly and monthly reporting.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.
e Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging in problem-solving activities to support teamwork.
e Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents to ensure smooth operations.
© Delivered exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions.
¢ Offered friendly and efficient service to all customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
* Developed team communications and information for meetings.
¢ Completed all paperwork, recognizing any discrepancies and addressing them in timely fashion.
e Oversaw field and laboratory projects from concept through completion for team of 5 staff members.
e Handled specimens and conducted tests according to established protocols, keeping efficient records on all experiments.
e Investigated living and environmental conditions of mammals, including invertebrates and determined solutions to habitat issues.
e Analyzed production data to determine appropriate ways to protect wildlife ecosystems.
e Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.
¢ Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.
* Conducted research, gathered information from multiple sources and presented results.
¢ Successfully maintain clean, valid driver's license and access to reliable transportation.
* Actively listened to customers’ requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

Hospital Corpsman, 03/1999 - 11/2003
Medical Clinic — City, STATE

e Worked on research w/ NEPMU. Naval Environmental and Preventive Medicine Unit on Hanta virus.

e Handled mosquito abatement project.

e Was involved w/ local environmental agency.

* 89406 ALS (acute leukemia syndromes) outbreak.

e Inspect food and food service facilities, recreation facilities, swimming pools, potable water systems, solid waste and wastewater disposal
sites and systems, vehicles and transport containers.

¢ Conduct bacteriological analysis of food, water and ice samples.

* Conducts epidemiological investigations and reporting to CDC.

e STD counseling and interviews.

* Conducts disease vector (insects, rodent, parasites and other pests) control programs (survey, ID and pesticide application and other control
measures).

* Field sanitation (water, food, waste and vector control).

e Instruct in preventive med, industrial hygiene, environmental health and occupational health Leadership Skills.

e Administered medical care for range of conditions and basic health concerns including immunization, medications and blood draws.

¢ Provided emergency medical care, including conducting physical exams and interviews to gain medical history and relevant health data.

e Assisted Marines in returning to full duty, cutting downtime and expenses.

¢ Provided leadership, delegation and exceptional medical service in high-pressure situations.

¢ Filled prescriptions and maintained pharmacy stock.

* Coordinated and executed transport of sick and injured patients as needed.

e Rendered emergency medical treatment and administered immunization programs.

e Transported sick and injured and conducted preliminary physical examinations.

e Maintained operational organization by ensuring equipment functionality, inventory levels and employee medical training.

* Obtained biological specimens for ordered tests and prepared for laboratory transport.

¢ Collaborated with peers and attended meetings to brainstorm new activities for patients and discuss ways to resolve issues.

e Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant symptoms.

* Complied with all company-specific guidelines and performed hands-on nursing care to patients under RN supervision.

¢ Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

¢ Gathered dietary information, assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives and support
wellness goals.

* Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care delivery.

¢ Collaborated with physicians to design at-home medication guidelines and educated patients and families on correct medication
administration.

¢ Monitored patient specimen samples and test results to effectively alert supervisors of potentially unhealthy changes.

* Wiped down equipment with proper cleaning products after each patient transport to reduce instances of infection.

¢ Reduced risks of patient infection and cross-contamination by cleaning and sterilizing equipment.

© Obtained client medical history, including medication information, symptoms and allergies.

e Transported patients between rooms and appointments or testing locations.

e Agreed to take on additional shifts and extra hours during busy periods and holidays to maintain proper staffing and floor coverage.

¢ Offered immediate assistance in emergency and routine paging situations to evaluate needs and deliver care.

Preventive Medicine Specialist, 08/1999 - 03/2003
US Navy Naval Air Station — City, STATE
e Awarded numerous service and achievement medals.
¢ Inducted into honor society Sigma Alpha Lambda.
¢ Member of Entomological Society of America.
e Reviewed and researched patients’ medical records and charts to determine past conditions.
¢ Recorded patients’ health histories and provided over 10 consultations weekly.
¢ Reviewed patient files and records, including allergies, problems, medications and immunization statuses.
e Teamed with other physicians, specialists and health care providers to provide well-rounded care for complex cases.
¢ Followed up with patients to determine status of conditions, discuss lab results and answer any questions.
* Conducted physical assessments of relevant body areas and performed standardized tests to check responses.
¢ Ordered and executed various tests, analyses and diagnostic images to provide information on patient condition.
¢ Interviewed numerous patients per day to obtain medical information, including measuring vital signs, weight and height.
e Stayed abreast of advances in treatments, emerging pharmaceutical applications and new diagnostic tools for application in Preventative
medicine.
e Diagnosed issues and implemented treatment plans to resolve problems or help manage symptoms.
¢ Implemented therapeutic regiments involving medications and other interventions to mitigate symptoms and prevent re-occurrence.

¢ Monitored practice budget closely to prepare financial reports for monthly board of directors meetings.

Hospital Corpsman Third Class, 11/1993 - 03/1999
US Navy — City, STATE
e Provided emergency medical care, including conducting physical exams and interviews to gain medical history and relevant health data.
e Administered medical care for range of conditions and basic health concerns including immunization, medications and blood draws.
e Transported sick and injured and conducted preliminary physical examinations.
e Rendered emergency medical treatment and administered immunization programs.
¢ Filled prescriptions and maintained pharmacy stock.
e Maintained treatment records and reports and cared for numerous injured and sick individuals per week.
e Assisted Marines in returning to full duty, cutting downtime and expenses.
¢ Coordinated and executed transport of sick and injured patients as needed.
© Provided leadership, delegation and exceptional medical service in high-pressure situations.
e Maintained operational organization by ensuring equipment functionality, inventory levels and employee medical training.
e Warmly greeted patients and visitors and made each feel welcome.
e Wiped down equipment with proper cleaning products after each patient transport to reduce instances of infection.
© Provided transportation services for patients in hospital environment using appropriate equipment.
e Reported any unusual or urgent circumstances in patients' condition or environment immediately to Supervisor.
e Maintained confidentiality of patient data and condition at all times to safeguard health information.
* Collected laboratory specimens, dropped off at laboratories and picked up test results.
e Lifted or assisted others to lift patients to move them on or off beds, surgical tables or stretchers.
© Provided physical support to patients through diverse types of mobility assistance.
e Furthered skills by actively taking part in employee trainings and taking classes in subjects to improve skills.

EDUCATION

MS: Entomology
University of Nebraska Lincoln - Lincoln, NE
e Member of Sigmas Alpha Lambda

BS: Agricultural Biology, Entomology, Plant and Weed Science

New Mexico State University, Naval School of Health Sciences - Las Cruces, NM
¢ Member of Sigma Alpha Lambda
e Received Solopeck Scholarship
¢ Dean's List all four years

e Minored in Chemistry