JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Skilled Police Officer with four years of experience in military law enforcement.

e Assigned to uphold a variety of duties pertaining to security matters on United States Marine Corps installations.

¢ Tasked as Entry Control Point Gate Sentry, Patrolman, Emergency Communications Center Dispatcher, Desk Sergeant and Patrol Supervisor.
e Trained in Customs and Border Clearance procedures and Agricultural Inspections.

SKILLS

e Military experience e Exemplifies integrity

¢ Search and seizure procedures e Report writing

¢ Traffic control e Stationary surveillance

e Emergency vehicle operation e Weapons training

e Calm in emergency situations e Government security clearance
WorK HISTORY

07/2009 to Military Police Officer
Current United States Marine Corps Military Police — City, STATE
e Patrolman
© Responded quickly and effectively to all security violations and duress alarms.
e Investigated and reported crimes, accidents, offenses and damage to property.
e Apprehended suspects, read Miranda Rights and transported offenders to jail.
e Emergency Communications Center Dispatcher
© Monitored central alarm system for fire, intrusion, and duress alarms and responded when needed.
e Performed surveillance of suspects using binoculars, cameras and camcorders.
e Answered Emergency phone calls and dispatched emergency response units.
e Desk Sergeant
© Processed incident complaint reports for incidents such a
© Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of employees and visitors.
e Wrote reports on property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons and unusual occurrences.
¢ Patrol Supervisor
e Supervised a team of 15 Marines during a given shift to ensure all matters involving installation security, emergency response
and report writing procedures were conducted properly and efficiently.
10/2012 to Customs and Border Clearance Agent / Agricultural Inspector
05/2013 United States Marine Corps — City, STATE
* Conducted inspections of all Military equipment being retrograded to the United States in support of Operation Enduring Freedom
in Afghanistan.
e Customs and Border Clearance Agent
* Certified Military equipment to be free of contraband items such as drugs, weapons and explosives prior to being sent back to
the United States.
¢ Ensured no Military Personnel being re-deployed to the United States carried any contraband items.
e Agricultural Inspector
© Certified Military equipment to ensure no foreign pests or debris could reach United States soil to contaminate crops or

livestock.
09/2013 to Gate Supervisor
2014 United States Marine Corps — City, STATE

e Led a team of 4 Marines responsible for monitoring a high volume of traffic entering the installation.
e Enforced all traffic laws and ordinances.
e Issued traffic citations and electronic tickets for violations of traffic laws.

EDUCATION

2009 High School Diploma
Denver North High School - Denver, Colorado