JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a

difference.
SKILLS
e Landscape maintenance ¢ Cultivating soil
e Maintaining equipment e Landscape equipment knowledge
e Applying fertilizer e Trimming and edging flower beds
e Weeding and edging
EXPERIENCE

Lawn Care Business Owner, 03/2006 - Current
Marten Transport — Pleasanton, CA
¢ Scheduled regular landscaping services to promote optimal growth and maintain attractive appearance of lawns and facility grounds.
e Maintained equipment and vehicle in good working order to prevent breakdowns and service delays.
e Maintained service excellence, working closely with clients to quickly address needs and resolve issues or complaints.
¢ Read and followed landscaping plans to install plants and fixtures for residences and businesses.
¢ Developed and implemented customized contracts and set pricing structures and service terms.
e Handled wide-ranging administrative functions from accounts payable and receivable to accounting.
e Resolved issues quickly through meticulous research and quick decision making.
e Kept records for production, inventory, income and expenses.
¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line profitability.
¢ Kept up-to-date on regulatory changes affecting business operations.
* Reconciled daily sales, returns and financial transaction reports and prepared bank deposits.
e Established favorable relationships with vendors and contractors, facilitating contract negotiation and development of marketing and sales
strategies.
e Directed implementation of strategic business plans to achieve goals and objectives.
¢ Reconciled daily sales and financial transaction reports and prepared bank deposits.
e Assessed business operations to implement realistic annual budget.
¢ Interviewed, trained, and supervised employees.

Self Employed Business Owner, 09/2004 - 03/2010
Scott Oil Co. — City, STATE
* Resolved issues quickly through meticulous research and quick decision making.
e Conferred with customers to understand needs and finalize purchase orders.
¢ Kept records for production, inventory, income and expenses.
¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line profitability.
¢ Kept up-to-date on regulatory changes affecting business operations.
e Set pricing structures according to market analytics and emerging trends.
e Established favorable relationships with vendors and contractors, facilitating contract negotiation and development of marketing and sales
strategies.
e Directed implementation of strategic business plans to achieve goals and objectives.
* Reconciled daily sales and financial transaction reports and prepared bank deposits.
e Assessed business operations to implement realistic annual budget.
e Maintained functional and orderly building areas to deliver professional appeal to customers.
¢ Monitored supplier operations to verify quality, delivery schedule and conformance to contract specifications.
e Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.
© Provided organizational leadership and established business vision to achieve sales, profit and revenue goals for consignment fashion,
perfume and accessories store.

¢ Calculated credit amounts and commission payouts, priced merchandise and generated credit memos for returned merchandise.

Agricultural Worker- Farmer, 01/1980 - 01/2002
Self-employed — City, STATE
¢ Purchased supplies, including seeds and fertilizer.
e Set up and operated irrigation equipment to apply pesticides, herbicides or fertilizers to crops.
© Loaded agricultural products into trucks to deliver products to markets or storage facilities.
¢ Identified plants, pests and weeds to determine selection and application of pesticides and fertilizers.
¢ Kept financial records up to date.
e Monitored weather conditions and adjusted strategies accordingly to avoid losses.
* Plowed and tilled fields to prepare soil for crop planting.
e Repaired buildings, fences and other pertinent structures to keep animals properly contained.
© Helped plant and tend to 600 acres of peanut and cotton crop to consistently bring in high yields and quality products.
e Disassembled, repaired and maintained farm machinery such as tractors to tend to all crops.
e Harvested and inspected crops by hand for quality purposes.
e Removed roots, rocks and debris from field in preparation for planting.
¢ Picked fruits and vegetables on assigned plots and checked plants for signs of pest and disease.
e Loaded and unloaded feed, chemicals and equipment from trucks.
¢ Installed, cleaned and maintained irrigation equipment to maximize functionality.
e Planted and watered seeds using hand watering and irrigation systems.
© Operated tractors and other farm equipment to plow fields, dig ditches and move trees.
© Mulched and fertilized crops to improve yield.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/1980
Turner County High School - Ashburn, GA