LS
AGRICULTURAL MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST RESUME

Seammormnrye

A Gierted ncivchat ato Nay vast eqpenence lm LET menagenert Gow ten years of eqpererce are has devetoped
contacts of suppters and dasiors Groufoul he siete. excefert commruricaten ski in cowry Gat at Pe buyers
an here sore uncer hn e.pencmon to TaUeTATe tre and prosciwty

Professional Experience:

Carer ‘Specatst dernary 2007 - present
‘Severnah Faera, Savannah GA

Reesporsitititio ss
© CORA ted ERE? ane Rurvey) am LaeTErs ©) Onde to dhagnese an) preven! marwgornert and prOcchon
© Teaeed tener ant Gere reread me iecheepaes © areas Of groeing ant harvesting practars

© Cxgtemed to farmers new prograets 0 emerows harvesting pated and larning tectreques.
(© Collectns anc evatusted Gate 9 onder for Larner to maxirize thew harvest yen and rconene grows? for the reat

yemen
2 Pa URS I COMUTEI Uy ees BOE ON QATRT RECT No Cao mare Lah AT eet ave
Farm Supercinn thay 2904-~ dereay 2007
‘Saverren Faers, Sevarnuh, GA
Responsibilities: 0
+ Mer iaees he grown at Te Cogs Garey Na vest tno
© Martered af te actwtes in te een and eomret every wort = dorw comecty

9 LprOved the proctuctety Of anus Dy enplorentry few prograes
© Compiled sepoct: and studes of af fe activities in the farm, productwtty of the workers. ax rerierance of farn

© Conferved se tarrnert to Gotermme productos requewnerts. cordibors of equpmert and sppies and wot
eet

Food Service Superdaw Fetrumy 1999 ~ May 2004
Crnpy Joo Revtmrant, Macon GA

nnn rrr
© CONDUC AeHOUrOD Ane Surveys mm tare im Omer 0 Clay ine are Divert mareyernert aul produto
© Temmed famnert ard Gernorstnwied mow techerques  arees of growing arti harvesting practices.

© Expiemed to farmer new progress: to improve harvesting petod ant larning Secrreqaee
© Commuted ered evatusterd Gate wn onter tor lmrners to rramernune Dent Narre yank and irene qrowhh for tet rent

women
2 PET CONTE AES BD OF QA TEONE NO fad me Lar Whi AAT) Pee McRvre

Fare Superrtiw May 230d aareairy 2007
Savarrah F aera. Saverrut, GA

Education:

Masten ot Bauress Asrecnteaton. Urevermty of Anzona t90
Bache: of Scece n Agnaise, Linweruty of Atrora 1907

Suilte/Certificabons:
porincetbiner ached rarwnnya fobeerrveitnend
Strong urderstanding of fhe tand and agncuéuest practoes
Alniny We pele Oflertrt lates Hales. Mrehote sLOCUrErY Of
Ability © work long hours, ronsditen! hours partculety dump peak seen
Emetert leecerwnp cae
‘Strong coswrurmcation and etepersova sate