SUMMARY

EXPERIENCE

TRAINING

EDUCATION AND (¢

SKILLS ©

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Results-focused people manager and marketing professional who can start about any business from the
ground up. Versatile, proactive leader with strengths in communication and collaboration. Quick-thinker with
logical solutions to a wide variety of issues. Proficient in fostering client relationships and loyalty and
conveying information and knowledge to promote sales. Adept at managing concurrent objectives to promote

efficiency and influence positive outcomes.

« Menu Development

« Catering Consultation

« Profit Optimization

« Database Interface and Query Software
« Problem-Solving

« Scheduling Staff

« Inventory Management

e Service Delivery Management

e Menu Pricing and Writing

« Training and Onboarding

« Relationship Building

« Investigating Complaints

« Money Handling

« Performance Improvement

« Documentation and Recordkeeping
« Employee Performance Evaluations
e Staffing and Sales Reporting

e Recruitment and Hiring

« Time Management

« Expense Tracking

« Customer Retention

« Sales and Marketing

CATERING MANAGER
University Of Colorado Boulder | Boulder, CO

Work Planning and Prioritizing
Payroll Administration

POS Terminal Operations
Resource Allocation

Managing Reservations and Large Parties
Catering Services

Reliable and Responsible
Contract Negotiation

Event Coordination

Calm and Pleasant Demeanor
Cost Estimation

Conflict Resolution

Microsoft Office

Written and Verbal Communication
Critical Thinking

Collaboration and Teamwork
Budget Administration

Team Leadership

Inventory Management Software
Facilities Planning

Coaching and Mentoring

05/2016 to 07/2022

e Gathered customer requirements and worked with catering team in implementing specifications.
e Analyzed market trends and competitor deals for attractive proposal preparation.
e Discussed qualifications and specialties of catering teams, sharing referrals and testimonials of satisfied

clients.

e Grew sales of catering services by 90% through strategic marketing and promotions.
e Built revenue by delivering innovative catering services, leading region in catering sales.
e Reduced food waste by overseeing and planning ingredients, anticipated customers and popularity of

items.

e Resolved problems or concerns to satisfaction of involved parties.
e Exhibited thorough knowledge of foods. beverages. supervisory duties. service techniques and guest

interactions.

RED TAURANT OWNER/OPERATOR
The Garden Bistro | City, STATE

04/2009 to 04/2016

e Made weekly employee schedules, assigned work tasks and regularly checked quality and productivity

of team members.

e Administered finances and led business operations by running payroll, making bank deposits and
analyzing income and expenses to maintain cost-effective operations.
e Trained workers in food preparation, money handling and cleaning roles to facilitate restaurant

operations.

e Hired, trained and motivated staff to fill all restaurant openings.
e Maintained cleanliness and sanitation across foodservice, storage and preparation stations.
e Located relevant vendors, set up schedules and coordinated delivery, storage and organization of

inventory.

e Trained staff, facilitated staff meetings and spearheaded menu development.
¢ Optimized profits by controlling food, beverage and labor costs.
e Developed and implemented strategies to enhance team performance, improve processes and boost

results.

e Monitored staff performance, food quality and menu creation to successfully oversee complete

operation of the restaurant.

e Created unique recipes and applied various culinary techniques for authentic farm to table cuisine.
e Managed and supervised ten or more employees in the restaurant.
e Received and scheduled food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product

quality and quantity.

e Supervised overall operation of restaurant, including training all employees and resolving all issues to

the customer's satisfaction.

e Managed food preparation, guest interaction, quality control and customer relations.
e Developed successful marketing plans to increase sales and profits while managing costs.
e Guided trainees to boost safety and inventory waste management to meet pre-established business

thresholds for operation.

e Collaborated with server trainees to promptly resolve potential customer concerns.
e Executed hands-on preventive maintenance and repairs to keep equipment functional.

ACRICULTURAL-ENTERTAINMENT ENTERPRISE
Campbell's Farm | City, STATE

03/2000 to 05/2007

e Conducted trainings for company employees on safety initiatives to comply with federal regulations.
e Demonstrated innovations in health maintenance of livestock, growing and harvesting practices and

financial planning.

e Determined resource allocations to respond to insect infestation, drought and fire.
e Conducted classes and lectures on nutrition, home management and farming techniques.

e Advocated for farmers or farmers' groups needs..

e Served guests with enthusiastic, helpful demeanor to promote positive, memorable experiences.
e Promoted business on social media platforms to maximize brand identity and generate revenue.
e Managed operations budgeting, accounts payable and accounts receivable and payroll.

e Resolved issues quickly through meticulous research and quick decision-making.

e Conferred with customers to understand needs and finalize purchase orders.

e Kept records for production, inventory, income and expenses.

e Kept up-to-date on regulatory changes affecting business operations.

e Devised business and marketing plans and prepared monthly financial reports.

e Set pricing structures according to market analytics and emerging trends.

e Reconciled daily sales, prepared bank deposits and assessed financial transaction reports.

e Established favorable relationships with vendors and contractors, facilitating contract negotiation and

development of marketing and sales strategies.

e Created and implemented marketing and advertising strategies to support revenue goals and promote

strategic growth.

e Directed implementation of strategic business plans to achieve goals and objectives.

e Submitted and prepared budget estimates and cost tracking reports.

e Analyzed financial statements and trends to manage cash flow and make business decisions.

e Improved company's quality and productivity by streamlining systems and processes.

e Met with service vendors or product suppliers to facilitate delivery.

e Mentored and trained new hires on sales techniques and customer service procedures.

e Supervised company social media and marketing efforts to expand brand awareness and attract new

customers.

« Interviewed, trained and supervised employees.

e Prepared weekly schedules to verify proper floor coverage within fiscal guidelines.
¢ Developed business from ground up and prepared records and operations for smooth handover to new

owners.

.) Associate of Science | Nursing

Missouri State University, Springfield, MO

05/1984