Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Enthusiastic manufacturers facilities eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Clear understanding of Task and training in skill advanced . Motivated to learn, grow and excel in industrial

environment .
Skills
¢ Verbal and communication ¢ Problem Solving
¢ Multitasking and Prioritization ° Heavy Lifting
e Courteous with Strong Service Mindset ¢ Shipping and Receiving
¢ Creative Problem Solving e Returns and Defective Items Processing
e Order and Refund Processing e Honesty and Integrity
¢ Issue and Complaint Resolution ¢ Friendly and Enthusiastic
¢ Inventory Management ¢ Critical Thinking
¢ Proficiency in Microsoft Office and G Suite ¢ Data Processing
¢ Excellent Attention to Detail e Decision Making
e Computer Advanced e Generating Reports and Spreadsheets
¢ Billing Adjustments and Refunds ¢ Inspecting and Examining Merchandise
¢ Administrative and Office Support ¢ Recordkeeping and Documentation
¢ Regulatory Compliance e Customer Service
¢ Invoice Preparation * Reliable and Responsible
¢ Proactive Self-Starter * Proficient in Microsoft Office
¢ Patient and Empathetic ¢ Clerical Support
¢ Membership Inquiries and Renewables e Hand drawing
¢ Food hospitality’s ¢ Proficient in Technique
e 3d printing physical one and tinker virtually printer ¢ Google Workspace
¢ Quality and Defect Control e Attention to Detail
e Stocking and Replenishing ¢ Quality assurance
e Order Fulfillment ¢ Fluent in auto inventory ,solidworks,tinkercad ,inventor desk
¢ Cash Register Operations 2.0 and include 3d printing
Work History

Received Vender Associate , 08/2021 to 03/2022
Taylor Corp — Pompano Beach, FL
e Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.
e Adhered to company policies and scripts to consistently achieve call-time and quality standards.
¢ Collaborated with Job titles and Job titles to correct mistakes, track shipments and handle damage claims.
e Assisted team leaders by providing Timeframe status and performance reports to provide information on areas for
improvement.
e Engaged in learning and development opportunities to promote continued performance improvement.
e Problem solvers on product suppliers from vendor s

e Damage and sort for return ,miship moreetc

Electrical Agricultural Robot Assembly , 03/2021 to 04/2021
Autonomous Pivot — City, STATE
¢ Trained new employees in assembly skills to improve team production levels.
e Produced at least Number products per hour by leveraging strong technical knowledge and electrical background to work
quickly.
¢ Complied with OSHA, EPA, and Flex Energy housekeeping and safety rules to perform job requirements.
¢ Provided cross-training for other assemblers on techniques to improve product quality.
¢ Completed high-quality Type products with skilled assembly of systems, supports and connections.
¢ Collaborated with supervisors and engineers to review work activities for production problem resolution.
¢ Labeled components and monitored use to keep accurate records.

¢ Identified and corrected defects to bring completed products in line with tolerances.

Assembly Production Operator, 06/2021 to 07/2021
Coleman — City, STATE
¢ Conducted quality assurance inspections on finished components and identified issues.
¢ Prevented equipment jams or wasted materials by setting and verifying accurate parts clearances.
e Removed rough spots to enhance parts alignment and improve finishes.
¢ Competently installed foam insulation on tubing and controls.
e Planned and paced work efficiently in order to meet daily, weekly, project or production goals.
* Identified machinery malfunctions by performing troubleshooting tasks.

Electrical Welder Assemble Associate , 10/2020 to 01/2021
Martin Inter Connect Service — City, STATE
¢ Safely operated hand and power tools to complete repetitive tasks.
¢ Maintained maximum organization and productivity by properly sorting project components on work tables.
¢ Delivered troubleshooting assistance to Job titles to bring machines back to full functionality.
¢ Identified specific cables, connectors, fuses, circuit breakers and other electrical devices required for installation of monitoring
systems and weapons detection systems.
¢ Proposed electrical product and system modifications to improve quality and efficiency.
¢ Monitored manufacturing operations of electrical devices for compliance with safety protocols.
¢ Created fielding design plans to install Type components into System.
¢ Validated small product and subsystem performance by performing analysis, simulation and laboratory testing.

¢ Created standardized manuals for maintenance and operating procedures.

Education

High School Diploma : None, 05/2016
East High School - Kansas City, MO

Technically Cerficiation: Pre -engineering , 04/2016
Manual Career Technical School - Kansas City, MO