JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Customer-focused Retail Sales Associate Cashier offering background in cashier, sales and merchandising responsibilities. Responds quickly

to customer requests and concerns. Creates positive, inviting environment for customers.

SKILLS
e Dressing room inspection e Payment processing
« Inventory management e Customer service
« POS operation e Exchanges and refunds
¢ Policy adherence e Merchandise restocking

e Active listening
EXPERIENCE

08/2021 to Current Cashier/Sales Associate
7-Eleven, Inc. — Porter. TX
e Maintained sales floor by restocking shelves, updating pricing information and managing inventory.
e Explained return and exchange policy to enforce, and accepted merchandise for refunds or replacement with
different items.
¢ Followed company safety regulations to maintain safe work environment.
e Monitored inventory stock levels for shopping bags and other supplies to prepare and maintain check-out area.
¢ Operated cash register by adhering to POS system processes and procedures when ringing sales and tendering
correct change and receipts.
¢ Reported suspicious behavior, incidents and theft to support loss prevention.
e Escalated customers' complaints or inquiries to management for immediate investigation and resolution.
e Enforced dressing room rules to prevent vandalism and theft.
¢ Maintained clean, orderly and well-stocked register area.
e Engaged customers with friendly smile and knowledgeable support to promote sales and build loyalty.
e Kept store presentable with regular cleaning and organization.
e Processed customer purchases and returns via cash and credit card.
e Built relationships with repeat customers to encourage loyalty.
e Stocked merchandise and completed sales floor recovery tasks to maintain readiness for new customers.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.

e Handled merchandise returns and exchanges, verifying eligibility of items and customers by examining pieces and

receipts.

© Met all physical requirements with regular standing, lifting and reaching to move heavy boxes and full merchandise

tacks.
¢ Helped with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.
© Delivered consistent and dedicated service through front-end customer engagement.
e Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
e Asked detailed questions to determine appropriate items to fill customer needs.
© Ordered new product to keep popular items well-stocked.
e Increased sales by suggesting specific complementary items to customers.
¢ Presented complementary merchandise to increase sales of promotional items.
e Recommended companion items to increase sales and revenue.
¢ Promoted specific item options to drive sales and achieve add-on purchases.
¢ Constructed promotional, seasonal and discounted item displays to draw customer attention.
e Reported product issues, including damaged items and incorrect pricing to Assistant/Store Manager.

07/2020 to 08/2021 Head Cashier/Sales Associate
Zumiez Company — City, STATE

e Processed payments and returned accurately receipts, cash, coin and cards to customers.

¢ Checked store shelves and restocked products from inventory in back room.

© Delivered quality customer service while cultivating client satisfaction and loyalty.

e Greeted patrons warmly at store entrance and offered assistance with finding needed items.

e Scanned and bagged items and operated cash register to check out store patrons.

e Created eye-catching merchandise displays to entice customers into store.

¢ Received shipments, signed off on packages and documented incoming items in computer system.

e Trained and developed new team members to improve product knowledge and selling abilities.

e Researched items at other locations to find products requested by shoppers.

e Cross-trained on different positions to best support team during peak periods.

e Achieved or surpassed company-defined sales quotas for multiple months.

e Assisted with training, development and mentoring of sales employees.

e Built and maintained new and established client relationships with exceptional communication, personalized
interactions and friendly attentive service.

e Greeted customers, clarifying needs and identifying solutions to close sales.

¢ Kept customers engaged with positive, sales-minded attitude demonstrating pride in products.

© Coached other employees in customer service strategies and successful selling techniques.

e Achieved sales targets regularly to enable sustained growth.

e Delegated tasks to maintain efficient workflow.

e Managed cash register operations using POS system and processed sales and returns.

e Engaged shoppers, providing assistance and information on merchandise and product features.

e Established exemplary skills in verbal and written communication and active listening through working closely
with customers and sales support staff.

© Operated point of sale equipment and returned cash, coin, payment cards and receipts to clients.

© Monitored sales floor to identify customers in need of assistance and merchandise in need of replenishment.

e Educated junior associates on sales plans, personal goals and incentives to motivate them.

e Asked open-ended questions to determine customer requirements and help identify correct products and services.

e Entered and updated customer information in system using customer relationship management tools to keep
information current.

¢ Mentored new sales team members on company standards, customer service techniques and effective sales
strategies.

e Trained 5 team members to carry out department tasks.

05/2018 to 07/2020 Agricultural Field Worker
Gregory Torres — City, STATE
¢ Cultivated and supported wide variety of fruit trees and vegetable plants by implementing irrigation systems.
e Communicated with management to promote efficiency in daily operations.
e Identified plants, pests and weeds to determine pesticide and fertilizer applications.
e Applied pesticides, herbicides and fertilizers to crops.
¢ Supported crew members in maintaining irrigation systems.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
English Literature
Biola University - La Mirada, CA

English
University of Redlands - Redlands, CA

English
Mount San Jacinto College - San Jacinto, CA

06/2020 High School Diploma
Beaumont Senior High School - Beaumont, CA

LANGUAGES

Spanish:
Negotiated: