Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Dedicated Bookkeeper well-versed in leveraging initiative and resourcefulness to deliver top-notch business results. Successful in
keeping accounting and reporting systems compliant with [Type] regulations. Proficient in [Software] and [Software] with expertise
in payroll administration, account reconciliation and AP/AR.

Talented [Job Title] offering [Number] years of experience managing accounting functions in [Type] and [Type] settings. Expert
financial manager and operational problem-solver with in-depth [Industry] expertise and [Software] proficiency. Top-notch skills in
data analysis, interpersonal communication and records management.

Bookkeeper with strong technical proficiency and commitment to accuracy in financial data entry and financial record keeping.
Experienced working in both accounting-focused and general office settings. Dedicated to conforming with internal policies and
standards.

Meticulous Bookkeeper with [Number] years of experience. Skilled at handling all aspects of company finances with training in
[Software] and [Type] auditing. Careful, fast-learning worker dedicated to accuracy.

Skills
¢ Data analysis and research e Account reconciliation
¢ Payroll liability and deductions * QuickBooks
e Project management ¢ Proficient in Adobe software
¢ Senior leadership support e Customer relations
e Accounting and bookkeeping e Auditing
¢ Fiscal budgeting knowledge e Risk management
¢ Confidential document control e A/P and A/R

Experience

Bookkeeper, 04/2019 to 01/2020
Global, A 1St Flagship Company — San Jose, CA
e Diminished financial discrepancies by accurately recording and tracking expenses and income for [Number] businesses while
organizing bank statements for [Number] checking accounts.
e Streamlined financial [Task] by accurately processing bank reconciliations and delivering financial reporting.
¢ Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts monthly.
e Assisted senior leadership by processing [Type] documents within anticipated timeframes.
e Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.
e Suggested key operational changes to improve performance by extracting financial data from various reporting systems.
¢ Supported human resources by certifying and processing payroll, electronic deposits and pay adjustments while distributing
checks with zero lag time.
¢ Mitigated annual audit risks by reviewing financial information in QuickBooks for needed corrective action.
¢ Prepared accurate financial reports each month by collecting, analyzing and summarizing account information.
¢ Strategized long-term business needs and leveraged customer feedback for process improvements.
e Assessed data and information to check entries, calculations and billing codes for accuracy.
e Reviewed and calculated payroll to promote timely disbursement of paychecks.
e Tracked expenses and entered deposits into Oracle Financials while reconciling monthly bank accounts to verify accuracy.
¢ Supervised payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.
e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.
e Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing and collections.
e Collaborated with bankers to prepare [Type] paperwork for [Task] with speed and accuracy.
¢ Followed detailed end-of-month accounting procedures to verify proper balancing of all accounts and readiness for new month.

Pension Accountant , 06/2009 to 12/2014
Apex Systems — Lehi, UT
e Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.
e Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by [Number]% by implementing new consolidation procedures.
¢ Informed clients of permits, certificates, applications and documents required by various government agencies.
e Assisted [Job title] with month-end and year-end close activities, including annual reporting.
e Secured staff payment traceability, accurately calculating deductions while preparing and processing payroll via [System].
e Tracked and managed expenditures of ${ Amount] annually.
e Analyzed wills, insurance policies and corporate contracts.
e Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company’s financial performance.
e Aligned all financial activity with GAAP regulations and standards.
¢ Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
e Educated management members on strategies for minimizing tax liability.
e Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions, including A/P and A/R tracking, budgeting, payroll transactions,
wage allocation, salary expenses, online donations and bank, credit card and petty cash reconciliations.
¢ Researched changes in laws to maintain adherence to financial regulations.
¢ Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis.
¢ Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
¢ Identified operational process inefficiencies and recommended necessary improvements.

e Managed team of [Number] financial professionals, coaching each employee in job tasks and duties.

Accounts Receivable Specialist, 06/1997 to 08/2011
Rural Agricultural Development Authority — City, STATE

¢ Routinely contacted account holders with balances over [Number] days past due to resolve delinquencies.

e Performed day-to-day financial transactions, including verifying, classifying, computing, posting and recording accounts
payable data and reconciled daily totals to confirm proper accounting.

¢ Worked closely with delinquent account holders to collect and reconcile accounts through approved channels.

¢ Kept accounts receivable tracking database current with relevant client information, collection and billing progress and program
changes.

¢ Handled wide range of special inquiries and certificates from customers, partners and government agencies.

e Performed administrative tasks to support strategic initiatives.

¢ Interfaced with customers to bring accounts current with suitable repayment plans.

e Performed various accounts receivable functions, including cash receipts posting, updating cash flow reports and researching
chargebacks and write-offs.

¢ Evaluated open accounts to look for past-due balances and pursue collection strategies.

¢ Managed efficient and accurate [Timeframe] AP and AR operations.

¢ Improved billing and month-end reporting processes.

e Analyzed loss reports and reviewed with senior management to measure overall portfolio performance.

¢ Minimized loss by negotiating payment terms directly with clients, consistently achieving [Number ]% recovery rate.

¢ Prepared and maintained customers’ monthly reconciliation schedules.

¢ Managed invoicing for organization through cash receipts processing, bank reconciliations and distribution of [Number]
invoices monthly.

¢ Partnered with cash application team and credit manager on timely and accurate posting of remittances.

e Generated, mailed and monitored invoices.

¢ Processed over [Number] payments every week.

Education and Training

High School Diploma: 09/1984
Dunooon Technical High School - Kingston, Jamaica

Associate of Science
University Of The West Indies - Kingston, Jamaica

Associate of Science: Accounting And Finance, 06/2006
University Of The West Indies - Mona, Jamaica

Management In

Associate of Science: Government Acconting, 06/2004
Management Institute For National Development - Mona, Jamaica