JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

A detailed- oriented office clerk with over 10 years' experience committed and motivated in delivering high personalized administrative
services with punctuality and accuracy. Proficient at quickly learning new procedures, strives to implement efficient organizational methods
to increase an office's productively. Seeking to contribute tireless work ethic and a team-orientated approach.

SKILLS
e Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality e Time management
e Service orientated e Ability to multi-task and work independently
« Bilingual e Team collaboration

¢ Clerical support
EXPERIENCE

01/2020 to Current Office Clerk II
Dawn Food Products — Portland, OR
* Scanned, indexed all Good Receipts packets to ONBASE.
* Provided customers with certificate of analysis upon request, upload all certificate of analysis to SharePoint.
* Answer telephones, take messages, transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
* Provided services to customers, such as order placement, cancellations and modifications to orders.
* Respond and resolved customer complaints within guidelines.
* Assisted with customer credits. Scan customer POD and handles un-indexed invoices report.
* Process bank deposit.
* Assist with new hire I-9 process.
* Assist to ensure pricing and freight conditions are correct on purchase orders.
Code invoices with correct GL numbers.
* Prepared end of month accruals
* Assist with recovering plan for transportation.
* Research past due invoices with A/R department.
* Process new vendor set-up paperwork, process check requests & SVIs.

11/2015 to 01/2019 Office Clerk II
State Of Maryland — Frederick, MD
e Plan and place purchase orders in accordance with production requirements for direct and indirect materials.
e Ensure all purchase orders are received and acknowledged by vendor.
e Ensure pricing and freight conditions are correct on purchase orders.
e Process stock, non stock, purchase orders.
© Code invoices with correct GL numbers.
e Receive, research and resolve a variety of routine internal and external inquires concerning invoices, purchase
orders, and account status, including communicating the resolution of discrepancies to appropriate persons.
e Prepare end of month accruals.
* Scan all Good Receipts to correct software.
e Provide customer with Coal's upon request, upload all certificate of analysis to Breakpoint.
¢ Perform payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll.
e Assist with pricing condition for customers.
e Assist with hire packets, ensure all paperwork is properly filled out by employee.
e Assist with daily deposit.

05/2010 to 11/2015 Customer Service I

Iconma, L.L.C. — Saint Louis, MO
e Prepared end of month accruals.
e Scanned, indexed all Good Receipts packets to IntelliChief Provided customers with certificate of analysis upon

request, upload all certificate of analysis to SharePoint.

e Answered telephones, took messages, transferred calls to appropriate individuals.
© Provided services to customers, such as order placement, cancellations and modifications to orders.
¢ Responded and resolved customer complaints within guidelines.
© Timely processed invoices, coding invoices with correct GL numbers.
e Assisted with customer credits.
e Scanned customer POD and handles un-indexed invoices report.
e Assisted with bank deposit.

10/2007 to 03/2010 Personal Banker
Oceanfirst Financial Corp. — Manasquan, NJ

e Determined new customers' financial services needs and prepared proposals to services that would best fit their
needs

e Managed existing customers accounts and updated them periodically on new products and services available to
them.

e Contacted prospective customers to present information and explain available services.

e Assisted tellers with products and service referrals to ensure success as a team.

05/2004 to 10/2007 Lead Teller
University Federal Credit Union — Kyle, TX

¢ Helped manage teller line workflow.

e Trained new bank tellers with balancing cash drawers, sales production, and resolving servicing issues.

e Assisted in control binder tasks for upcoming audits.

e Examined checks for endorsements and verified other information such as dates, bank names, identification of the
persons receiving payments and the legality of the documents.

e Received and counted daily inventories of cash, drafts, and travelers’ checks.

¢ Monitored bank vaults to ensure cash balanced correctly.

¢ Obtained and processed information required for the provision of services, such as opening accounts, savings plans,
and purchasing bonds.

e Established and maintain relationships with individual or business customers and provided assistance with
problems customers may have encounter.

06/1999 to 03/2004 Agricultural Manager
C&O Nursery — City, STATE

¢ Inspected crops, fields, or plant stock to determine conditions and need for cultivating, spraying, weeding. or

e Prepared and maintain time for payroll reports, as well as details of personnel actions, such as performance
evaluations, hires, or disciplinary actions.

e Trained workers in techniques such as planting, harvesting, weeding, or insect identification and in the use of safety
measures.

e Reviewed employees' work to evaluate quality and quantity.

e Drove and operate farm machinery, such as trucks, tractors. or self-propelled harvesters, to transport workers or
supplies or to cultivate or harvest fields.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma
Quincy High School - Quincy, WA