Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Have a extensive agriculture knowledge, and experience in various equipment and machinery, planting, growing & harvesting crops.
Majored in Environmental horticulture and greenhouse management. I am a fast learner and can multi-task, and keep organized

with no problem. Can handle working in very diverse settings, able to communicate, read and write in Englishas well as Spanish.

Skills
¢ Crop Irrigation e Harvesting and Transplanting
¢ Pesticide and Fertilizer Application e GPS Navigation
¢ Grounds Maintenance ¢ Effective Multitasking
e Herbicide Application ¢ Microsoft Office
e Pruning and Culling e Fluent in Spanish
e Tractor Operation e¢ Data Management

Experience

Agricultural Worker, 03/2017 to 08/2021
Calportland — Tacoma, WA
¢ Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize soil, and harvest crops.
e Sprayed fertilizer and pesticide solutions to control insects, fungus, weed growth and diseases.
e Followed safe practices to mix and apply chemicals.
¢ Understood and followed oral and written directions
¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Disposed of hazardous materials
e Applied fertilizer to ground to enhance growth.
¢ Mowed, weed-whacked and mulched planted areas and lawns.
e Applied pesticide
¢ Operated

Tractor Operator/Farm Worker, 01/2017 to 03/2017
Early Girl Tomato — City, STATE
e Sprayed fertilizer or pesticide solutions to control insects, fungus and weed growth.
¢ Operated tractors
¢ Followed maps and GPS systems to promptly complete tasks.
¢ Followed safe practices to mix and apply chemicals.
e Executed backhoes and front-loading devices to move trees, dig ditches
¢ Performed mechanical and hydraulic connections to attach equipment to tractors.

DSPS/Greenhouse Assistant, 01/2008 to 07/2013
Woodland Community College — City, STATE
e Adhered to watering schedule to keep greenhouse plants healthy and well-maintained.
¢ Fertilized, cultivated and weeded soil to deliver steady supply of nutrients to plants.
¢ Planted bulbs, bushes, trees and flowers to enhance environment.
e Oversaw various cultivation stages for different trees, shrubs and plants to maximize growth.
¢ Recorded information about pesticide use, yields or costs.
¢ Identified plants, pests and weeds to determine selection and application of pesticides and fertilizers.
¢ Examined animals and crop specimens to determine disease presence.
e Recorded data pertaining to experimentation, research and animal care.
¢ Dug, cut and transplanted seedlings and shrubs.

Education and Training

Environmental Horticulture
Woodland Community College - Woodland, CA