JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

HIGHLIGHTS
¢ Software proficiency: Microsoft Office-Microsoft Word,
PowerPoint, Excel, and Salesforce
e Hardware proficiency: PC and Mac
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
EXPERIENCE

Lobby manager, 01/1 - 07/2015
Emmes — Rockville, China
¢ Solve 6 conflicts created by the misunderstanding of customers patiently with strong communication skill.
e Customized service for each depositor or investor.
¢ Learn all the operate method of machine and computer system, covering online banking, investments, and basic operation method of bank
machines.
e Learn how the big data works in bank system.
e Always consider customers’ convenience first, and leave the tedious works to myself.

e Explaining and recommending each fund, fixed time deposit and commercial insurance to the potential investors.

Project leader, 01/1 - 05/2015

Rockville, MD
¢ Make a international business expending plan for In-N-Out to Britain.
e Set the price 0.15-0.75 cheaper and more inventory in accordance with the 50.4% customer preference.
e Consider Britain's cultural value and add tea in the menu.

Project leader, 07/2014

Emmes — City, China
e Work with 20 members studying aboard or planing to study aboard in the business field and build social network.
e Assign each team member, due to their specialties, to research data such as GDP, QE, inflation rate, unemployment rate.
e Prepare and produce financial project presentation for bank manager.

Main Editor, 05/2013 - 06/2014

Standard Chartered Young Elite Camp — City, China
e Trained for the skill to present a financial project: Analysis and evaluate the tendency of US dollars for the following 5 to 10 years.
e Learned other elements that influencing US dollar: the tendency of gold and oil price.

¢ How to reduce risks and maximize profits in a single investment plan.

EDUCATION
B.S: Finance and accounting, May 2018
University of San Francisco (USF) - San Francisco, CA
Finance and accounting 3.97 3.86
LANGUAGES
Mandarin, Cantonese and English
SKILLS

banking, basic, big data, Cantonese, Hardware. English, financial, insurance, international business, inventory, investments, Mac, Mandarin,
Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, works, network, oil, speaking, research