Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Reliable and enthusiastic Front desk/receptionist with experience in reception, concierge and customer service areas. Skilled in

customer engagement, problem resolution and various software operation. Known for remaining poised and calm in busy

environments.
Skills
¢ Listening skills e Appointment confirmation
¢ Hospitality services e Recordkeeping
e Administrative skills ¢ Front office management
e Fluent in English and Spanish e Team collaboration
e Effective planning ¢ Cash transactions

Experience

Receptionist/Front Desk Receptionist, 05/2020 to 06/2021
Children And Teen Dental Group — City, STATE
¢ Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.
¢ Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
e Prepared daily shift close reports and balanced cash register to accurately reflect all transactions.
¢ Responded to inquiries and room requests made online, by phone or email.
e Signed for packages, recorded deliveries and distributed to personnel.
¢ Collaborated with housekeeping and maintenance staff to address and mitigate facility issues.
¢ Input customer data into reservation software and made immediate updates to reflect room changes.
e Checked and secured building areas during off-hours to prevent entry by unauthorized individuals.
¢ Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
e Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.
e Answered phone calls, provided information to callers and connected callers to appropriate people.
e Answered office phone and emails to schedule appointments, forward information and complete [Task].
e Greeted incoming patients and verified paperwork to manage smooth intake processes.
¢ Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and
rearranging schedules.
¢ Pulled and organized requested documentation.
¢ Greeted visitors and directed them to appropriate areas, verifying reasons for visit and [Type] information.
¢ Maintained front office cleanliness and organized supplies to increase [Type] task productivity.
e Determined needs of visitors and provided information or solutions.
e Confirmed transactional data by verifying name and payment information and clearly communicating costs and fees to patrons.
e Reviewed safety, health and sanitation processes throughout areas and enforced rules to promote security and safety.
¢ Delivered key administrative support to coworkers, taking on additional tasks during peak times.
e Entered data in [Type] software to keep records of [Type] information.
e Screened and verified visitors for identification credentials and purpose of visit to maintain security of personnel and office
environment.
e Managed more than [Number] incoming calls per day.
¢ Kept [Type] offices organized and well-stocked to maximize operational efficiency.
¢ Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes.
e Checked [Type] and [Type] documents for proper formatting, grammar and spelling with [Software].
e Trained [Number] employees on [Software] and answered employee technological questions.

Pox Department, 04/2017 to 05/2018
Stryker Solutions — City, STATE
¢ Maintained safe, organized store by keeping aisles free of merchandise and boxes.
¢ Conducted department walkthroughs to assess and remedy factors such as cleanliness, inadequate stock levels and poor
merchandising.
e Trained and developed [Number] employees through constructive feedback and focus on long-term career growth.

Kitchen Crew Trainer, 06/2016 to 03/2017
McDonald's Restaurant — City, STATE
e Prepared variety of foods according to exact instructions and recipe specifications.
¢ Maintained clean and well-organized kitchen areas to promote efficiency.
¢ Kept dishware, glasses and utensils ready for all customer needs by quickly scraping, washing and restacking items.
e Loaded and unloaded dishwashers, washing by hand large pots or items used on continuous basis.
e Developed great team spirit with other personnel by pitching in and helping with task completion.
¢ Sanitized counters and wiped down surfaces following food preparation to prevent cross-contamination from raw meats.
¢ Restocked main kitchen areas with items from shelves, coolers and freezers.
e Observed food handling and sanitation procedures to safeguard against foodborne illnesses.
e Unboxed, stored and organized incoming kitchen supplies with every delivery.
¢ Replenished stations throughout restaurant, including cupboards, serving areas and salad bars to meet employee and customer
demands.
¢ Restocked pantry with nonperishable food items to prevent stock from running low.
e Adjusted cooking methods and ingredients to accommodate dietary restrictions and allergies.
e Studied methods of coworkers, successfully learning kitchen and food service skills.
¢ Removed built-up waste and potential contaminants from waste receptacles, machinery and cooking equipment.
¢ Backed up kitchen team members during heavy work periods to maximize team coverage.
¢ Maintained order and cleanliness of work areas to conform with health codes.
¢ Monitored temperatures of prepared food and cold-storage areas.
e Adhered to food safety and sanitation protocols to reduce germ spread.
¢ Distributed food to service staff for prompt delivery to customers.
¢ Finished orders with cutlery, napkins and condiments.
¢ Helped management stay on top of supply needs by sharing information about low or spoiled inventory.
¢ Prepared workstations with ingredients and tools to increase efficiency.
e Restocked cupboards, refrigerators and service stations with new food items or supplies.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and
services.
¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.
¢ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
¢ Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.

¢ Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

Agricultural Field Worker, 01/2011 to 04/2016
Grimes Farm — City, STATE
¢ Assisted with [Type] harvest, including collecting, sorting and packing crops.
¢ Helped plant and tend to [Number] acres of [Type] crop to consistently bring in high yields and quality products.
¢ Planted [Type] seedlings on-time and with ideal practices to help farm achieve top-quality yields.
¢ Harvested [Type] crops by hand to avoid damage to delicate items.

Education and Training

Dental Assistant: 09/2018
Tampa Bay Dental School - Tampa, FL

¢ Completed coursework in dental assistant. But I have no experience in Dental Assistant.

GED: 05/2016
West Area Adult/Community School - Lakeland, FL