Robert Smith

Sr. Farm Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Worked as 4 professional draft horse trainer for the last 17 years showing
horses throughout the United States and Canada. As a Farm Manager | had
to prioritize dally tasks, and then do the work as | was the only ernployee. |
also was able to put my problern solving skills to use often as in the farming
industry you can not predict what animals or the weather would throw at
you forthe day, Looking for a career change to be able to work locally to be
with my farnily more.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Farm Manager
ABC Corporation- July 2012 - March 2016

Responsibilities:

Dernonstrate or explain working techniques, practices, or safety
regulations to farm or ranch workers,

Determine types or quantities of crops or livestock to be raised,
according to factors such as market conditions, federal prograrns or
incentives, or sail conditions.

Direct livestock or crop waste recycling operations.

Direct the breeding or raising of stock, such as cattle, poultry, or
honeybees, using recognized breeding practices to ensure stock
Improvement.

Evaluate marketing or sales altematives for farm or ranch products,
Inspect farm or ranch structures, such as buildings, fences, or roads,
ordering repair or maintenance activities, as needed.

Monitor pasture or grazing land use to ensure that livestock are properly
fed or that conservation methods, such as rotational grazing, are used,

Farm Manager

Cottie Organics -

2011 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Collaborated with buyers to set up orders of produce and prevent
management and delivery problems.

Assisted In delivery of products to buyers.

Analyzed farm needs; order and kept stock of fertilizer, chemicals, seed,
packaging containers, and cleaning, supplies,

Conducted food safety training for 25 ernployees.

Obtained USDA GAP food safety certification for the company.

Provided direct assistance of harvesting, washing, packaging, and
distributing product.

Managed ernployees on their day to day duties and paid employees.,

Education

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Microsoft Office, Cross
Selling, Sales, Cash
Handling, Telephone
Skills.

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Narne) |
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)