Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Thorough Housekeeping manager experienced in managing housekeeping for popular hotel. Expertise in

SUMMARY inspecting units, maintaining adequate inventory and supplies and organizing laundry services. Clear
communicator when interacting with team and professional attitude with clients. Versatile Housekeeping
Supervisor working with diverse staff. Building rapport and team collaboration. Bilingual individual with strong
attention to detail. Deadline-driven Housekeeping Supervisor focused on turning over rooms for efficient,
cost-effective operations. 5 years in field managing housekeeping teams. Experience working in mid-range
hotels with primarily business traveler guests. Seeking to maintain a full-time position that offers professional
challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.

SKILLS © e Clear Communication e Corrective Action Implementation

« Performance Assessment e Decision Making

« Standards Compliance e Conflict Resolution

e« Laundry and Dry Cleaning « Quality Assessment

« Complaints Handling e Team Guidance and Motivation

e Stock Inventory Management « Team Coordination

e« Problem Solving e Policy Enforcement

« Linens Management e Personnel Problem Management

« Employee Work Scheduling e Cross-Department Collaboration

« Work Inspection e Spreadsheet Tracking

« Infection Control e Unit Staffing

« Maintenance and Repair Leadership « Desktop Computers

WORK HISTORY © HOUSEKEEPING MANAGER 09/2020 to CURRENT
Grand Living At Lake Lorraine | Minneapolis, MN

« Coordinated household cleaning service operations and managed client relations.

e Assigned housekeeping staff to specific shifts and room blocks based on abilities and daily

requirements.

« Completed schedules, shift reports and other business documentation.

« Managed team productivity and workflow to exceed quality standards.

« Communicated repair needs to maintenance staff.

e« Trained and mentored all new personnel to maximize quality of service and performance.

« Evaluated employee performance and developed improvement plans.

« Worked with front desk to respond promptly to all guest requests.

« Directed team of 14 personnel in busy hotel with 92 rooms.

e« Managed laundry sorting, washing, drying and ironing.

« Drove improvements to workflow and room turnover with hands-on, proactive management style.

e Placed orders for housekeeping supplies and guest toiletries.

HC_JSEKEEPER 06/2017 to 09/2020
Morguard Reit 4.5Deb | Aurora, CO

« Removed bed sheets and towels from rooms and pre-treated stains to maintain and restore linen

condition.

« Worked on cleaning team to service hotels, offices and other commercial buildings.

e Verified cleanliness and organization of storage areas and carts.

e« Dusted picture frames and wall hangings with cloth.

« Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.

e Slid beds, sofas and other furniture aside to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from

hard-to-reach areas.

e Maintained facility floral arrangements in lobbies and public areas by watering and replacing past-prime

flowers.

« Documented and reported necessary facility and building repairs observed.

« Cleaned elevators, glass and planters in public areas such as lobby, pool and public restrooms.

e Adhered to professional house cleaning checklist.

e« Used chemicals by following safety protocols and procedures to avoid burns and injuries.

« Cleaned and stocked guest rooms by replacing used towels and linens, vacuuming floors, making beds

and restocking bathroom items.

« Disinfected and mopped bathrooms to keep facilities sanitary and clean.

e Responded to requests from patrons for linens and toiletries.

« Engaged with guests on room requirements and amenities to promote overall satisfaction.
AGRICULTURAL FIELD WORKER 09/2009 to 10/2012
Hyatt | Sunnyvale, CA

« Weeded vegetable and herb gardens to provide healthy environment for plant growth.

¢ Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize

soil.

e Applied organic growing practices to plant variety of heirloom herbs, vegetables and fruits.

e« Used machetes and pruning shears to shear tree tops and limb tips, increasing limb health and

improving overall shape.

« Removed items from shelves or storage bins and scanned tags.

e Pulled orders quickly to maintain demanding productivity goals.

e Evaluate harvesting conditions and identify obstacles.

e Assisted with maintenance and installation of irrigation equipment.

e« Transported and loaded harvested items into delivery trucks.

« Planted, cultivated and harvested various types of trees, shrubs and plants.

RESTAURANT SUPERVISOR 06/2006 to 09/2008
Pietros Pizza | City, STATE

« Created and deployed successful strategies to boost restaurant performance, streamline food prep

processes and reduce waste.

e« Monitored adherence to corporate policies, procedures, and standards as well as industry health and

safety regulations.

e« Directed both FOH and BOH employees through daily tasks and monitored performance throughout

day.

« Coordinated team members with focus on productivity, efficiency, and enhancing customer experience.

e Effectively scheduled and allocated assigned team in alignment with operational and customer needs.

« Coordinated promotion of special menu items, motivating wait staff to increase sale of new specials and

bundles.

« Greeted and interacted extensively with customers, promoting specials and providing details regarding

key product offerings.

e Identified fam weak points and implemented corrective actions to resolve concerns.

« Coordinated with kitchen employees and front of house personnel to consistently drive smooth

operations.

e Organized implementation of new banners, displays, and menus.

« Rapidly identified and diplomatically addressed customer complaints to achieve high levels of

satisfaction and loyalty.
EDUCATION © GED 06/2003
Redmond High School, Redmond, OR
LANGUAGES «© Spanish: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: