JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly organized Front Desk Receptionist with exemplary multitasking. time management and customer service skills. Responsible
professional willing to go extra mile to assist others with solving problems.

Dedicated Job Title with excellent experience in industry. Maintains professional appearance and demeanor and expertly completes assigned
tasks with focus on quality. Dependable and quick-learning team player with effective communication and organization skills.

Polite and positive front desk ambassador with exceptional telephone etiquette. Proficient in assisting guests with reservations, valuables and
baggage. Easily adaptable to high-pressure, dynamic situations.

Seasoned Hospitality professional competent in keeping guest needs balanced with business targets. Highly organized in handling
administrative functions, leading teams and coordinating facility services. Smooth and efficient multitasker and planner.

Experienced Front Desk professional offering superior hospitality service. Highly skilled in managing reservations, mitigating dissatisfaction
and increasing guest loyalty through targeted service. Proficient in Software and Software, with friendly and decisive approach to resolving
challenges.

Welcoming clerical professional with Number years of experience in Industry office setting assisting customers and teammates. Positive and
upbeat attitude while greeting and interacting with customers, answering calls, Task and Task. Accurate when entering information in Software
and keeping organized filing systems.

Personable and energetic Receptionist committed to delivering excellence in all facets of customer service and administrative support. Offers
honed competencies in data-entry, database management and scheduling.

Friendly Job Title with Number years of experience carrying out clerical and customer service tasks. Detailed and precise when entering Type
data and assisting colleagues. Skilled at supporting customers with simple and complex needs with professionalism.

Outgoing and friendly receptionist delivering customer service and administrative excellence, including clerical support and public interaction.
Excels in calendar management, scheduling, data-entry and database administration.

Focused and dependable Job Title with proven track record in new employee training initiatives, document control and planning activities
related to travel and events coordination. Recognized for Area of expertise and outstanding interpersonal, client and professional
communication abilities. Trained in emergency responses and special security procedures.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and
problem-solving skills.

Enthusiastic Job Title eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of Task and traiming in Skill. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in Industry.

Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level Job Title position. Ready to help team

achieve company goals.
SKILLS
¢ Decision-Making Abilities e Cash Handling
¢ Sensitive Information Handling e Expense reporting
¢ Call Forwarding © Word processing
® Office administration © Bookkeeping
e Telephone etiquette © Medical terminology knowledge
¢ Problem-solving skills e Multi-line phone talent
¢ Researching skills * Money handling abilities
¢ Scheduling e Training development aptitude
* Office organization e Key stakeholder relationship building
e Filing e Recordkeeping strengths
¢ Problem-solving © Key holder experience
e File management ® Sales expertise
¢ Verbal and written communication ¢ Complaint resolution
e Performance improvement e First Aid and CPR
e Skilled in Software e MS Office
* Office supplies inventory management © Critical Thinking
e Mail sorting © Problem-Solving
¢ Mail handling
Work HIsToRY

Front Desk Receptionist, 03/2022 - 09/2022
Access Healthcare Physicians, Llc — New Port Richey, FL
e Answered multi-line phone system to respond to inquiries and transfer calls to correct departments and personnel.
e Maintained files and records by implementing effective filing systems that boosted efficiency and organization.
e Transcribed phone messages and relayed to appropriate personnel.
¢ Monitored office supplies by checking inventory and placing orders.
e Entered and updated sensitive customer information during check-ins and room changes.
* Collected room deposits, fees and payments.
¢ Resolved customer issues quickly and notified supervisor immediately when problems escalated.
¢ Confirmed important personal and payment information for compliance with security and payment card industry standards.
¢ Greeted guests at front desk and engaged in pleasant conversations while managing check-in process.
¢ Used internal software to process reservations, check-ins and check-outs.
¢ Calculated billings and posted charges to room accounts, reviewing charges with guests at checkout.
e Kept accounts in balance and ran daily reports to verify totals.
* Obtained necessary signatures on information release forms to obtain medical and treatment records from other service providers.
¢ Processed medical records requests from outside providers according to facility, state and federal law.
* Uploaded physician progress notes, history and physicals into electronic medical records.
¢ Gathered patient information by collecting demographic information from variety of sources.
e Reviewed charts and flagged incomplete or inaccurate information.
e Maintained patient confidence by keeping patient records information confidential.
e Maintained accuracy, completeness and security for medical records and health information.
¢ Input data into computer programs and filing systems.
e Reviewed medical records for completeness and filed records in alphabetic and numeric order.
* Communicated effectively with staff, patients and insurance companies by email and telephone.

¢ Calculated premiums and established payment methods for sales.

Front Service Clerk, 10/2016 - 03/2019
Amazon Workforce Staffing — Brighton, CO
¢ Greeted visitors and customers upon arrival, offered assistance and answered questions to build rapport and retention.
* Reported facility and room maintenance problems to appropriate personnel for immediate remediation.
¢ Protected materials for transport by correctly packaging products in boxes and crates.
* Took on extra hours and shifts during busy periods to meet tight shipping deadlines.
¢ Collected room deposits, fees and payments.
e Maintained transaction security by verifying payment cards against identification.
e Advised guests about available products and services to meet individual needs.
e Trained new employees on warehouse protocols and answered task-related inquiries to help with job role adjustment.
e Resolved customer conflicts using expert knowledge of company operations and savvy communication skills.
¢ Demonstrated knowledge and applied proper food handling standards.
e Responded quickly to customer inquiries, answering questions and offering insight into products.
¢ Managed multiple tasks in high-volume environment.
* Greeted customers with enthusiasm, offered to take orders and fulfilled each quickly and correctly.
¢ Provided assistance to customers requiring help by carrying-out and loading purchases.
e Addressed guest complaints and resolved issues to promote satisfaction.

Bookstore Clerk/Mail Clerk , 08/2016 - 01/2019
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College — City, STATE
e Used consultative sales techniques to understand customer needs and recommend relevant products and services.
* Organized store merchandise racks and displays to promote and maintain visually appealing environments.
¢ Processed information and merchandise through POS register system.
¢ Supported efficient and timely replenishment of sales floor merchandise.
* Completed setup, breakdown and product preparation for promotional displays and in-store demonstrations.
* Recovered sales floor by picking up items, shelving books and product and straightening bookshelves and tables.
¢ Delivered highest level of customer service by greeting, communicating and assisting customers with online orders.
© Provided accurate information about promotions, customer programs and products, helping drive high customer retention.
e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
e Applied interpersonal and communication skills to establish selling relationship with customers.
e Maintained current knowledge of store promotions and highlighted sales to customers.
¢ Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.
e Used POS system to enter orders, process payments and issue receipts.
e Set up new sales displays each week.
© Operated cash register to record transactions accurately and efficiently.
¢ Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.
e Learned duties for various positions and provided backup at key times.
e Maintained primary relationship accountability for clients, overall servicing responsibility and client satisfaction to maximize profitability
of client relationships.

Team Member, 02/2016 - 07/2016
Tractor Supply Company — City, STATE
* Contributed to team success by completing jobs quickly and accurately.
¢ Pursued learning opportunities to advance knowledge and take on leadership position.
* Created seasonal displays to showcase new and promotional merchandise.
e Adjusted equipment to meet different productivity levels.
« Broke down boxes and cartons, disposing of refuse in proper cardboard receptacles.
e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for positions.
© Developed strong cooperative relationships with coworkers and managers.
e Inspected equipment and conducted basic repairs to keep machinery operational.
e Learned all required tasks quickly to maximize performance.
e Worked scheduled shifts and remained available to work during coworker absences, holidays and busy periods.
e Maintained productive, efficient approach to all tasks.
e Instructed junior team members on protocols and procedures of each station to maximize contributions.
e Maintained order accuracy and customer satisfaction by double-checking packing labels while packaging products.
e Kept work areas clean, organized and safe to promote efficiency and team safety.
e Worked different stations to provide optimal coverage and meet production goals.
© Operated register to process payments and collect cash payment for order totals.
e Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
© Trained new team members by relaying information on company procedures and safety requirements.
e Sought out ways to go above and beyond job requirements.
¢ Coordinated project work applying strong team leadership for enhanced success.
* Continuously checked products for quality assurance according to strict guidelines.
© Provided empathetic and amiable communications to callers in stressful situations to support constructive outcomes and satisfactory
resolutions.
¢ Helped customers navigate website to order Product or Service online for added convenience and access to larger inventory.
e Maintained positive and professional attitude toward customers to foster positive experiences resulting in repeat online purchases.
¢ Resolved customer complaints by determining cause of problem, selecting best solution and expediting correction or adjustment.

EDUCATION
High School Diploma : 05/2015
Tift County High School - Tifton, GA

Health Sciences
Southern Regional Technical College - Tifton, Ga