JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Knowledgeable about maintaining organized inventories and handling custodial requirements of commercial building bathrooms, workspaces
and customer areas. Experienced team player with strong service record, good organizational skills and productive approach to handling
simultaneous tasks. Focused on always producing high-quality and professional results.

SKILLS
¢ Documentation skills ¢ Health Standards Compliance
« Materials transport ¢ Detail-Oriented
« Strong mechanical aptitude ¢ Relationship Building
e Excellent multi-tasking ability e Drapery Washing
¢ Data entry background e Floor Cleaning and Polishing
¢ Microsoft Office

Worx History

10/2021 to Current Professional House Cleaner
Maidpro — Berthoud, CO
¢ Wiped walls, decoration and appliances.
¢ Disinfected and mopped bathrooms to keep facilities sanitary and clean.
e Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
e Adhered to professional house cleaning checklist.
e Slid beds, sofas and other furniture aside to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from hard-to-reach
areas.
e Used chemicals by following safety protocols and procedures to avoid burns and injuries.
¢ Managed workload across 15 houses and satisfied customer needs for cleaning standards and details.

02/2017 to Current Professional Driver

Core Mark — Phoenix, AZ
e Transport clients from one destination to another.
© Conduct vehicle maintenance checks regularly.
e Use navigation apps to determine optimal route for each client.
¢ Interact with clients in friendly and professional manner.
e Pick up and drop off clients in punctual and reliable fashion.
e Maintain accurate monthly mileage records.
e Sustained proficiency through continuous education and training's.
¢ Reported safety concerns, security breaches and unusual circumstances both verbally and in writing.
e Kept completely clean driving record with no re-portable incidents.
¢ Updated records with mileage, times and expenses.
© Upheld high standards of professionalism and discretion when working with high-value clients.
e Waited for passengers at designated high-volume locations such as airports and popular nightlife spots.
¢ Cleaned and maintained vehicle and assessed vehicle for damage after each shift.
e Picked up loads and secured properly to maintain safety and avoid damaging products.
e Maintained 5 Star rating, platinum driver status, preferred driver badge, 4,000 lifetime rides worked part-time,

average 80 rides/week.

08/2019 to 03/2021 Counselor/Case Manager
Family Services Of Northeast Wisconsin Inc. — Appleton, WI

e Offered individualized support across all areas of participants life.

e Maintained clinical record documentation and services in compliance with accreditation standards.

¢ Conducted professional screenings, assessments, and intake referrals with clients including, but not limited to,
diagnosed client and family.

© Provided effective individual, group and family case management in area of addiction services, psychological
services, and educational groups with substance abuse clients and family.

© Utilized clinical supervisor to maintain positive work relations as part of multidisciplinary team.

e Treatment planning, linking, advocacy, and monitoring clients using Smart goals system.

e Identified care needs of individual patients and coordinated responses based on physician advice, insurance
limitations and procedural costs.

¢ Increased referral rates by providing excellent service and building meaningful relationships with patients and
caregivers.

e Assisted with event planning, travel and logistical arrangements.

* Managed data and correspondence to secure information across complex landscapes of organizational departments.

e Created detailed expense reports to facilitate rembursement for business expenses incurred.

¢ Maintained company handbook to outline policies and provide insights to company mission and values.

e Completed clerical tasks such as filing, copying and distributing mail.

¢ Scheduled office equipment repair and maintenance to extend equipment lifespan and prevent unplanned
downtime.

e Prepared meeting rooms and materials and recorded important information.

® Managed caseload of 40 patients with substance dependence and co-occurring Axis I and Axis II disorders.

¢ Developed and expanded referral system of service providers to assist clients in attaining services.

© Led up to 10 individual sessions per week and 10 group therapy meetings.

01/2019 to 07/2019 Sustainable Agricultural Farmer
Farm2Market — City, STATE
e Planted, maintained, harvested, washed and stored organic produce.
¢ Practiced safe work habits and followed company and industry policies, procedures and regulations.
e Provided hands-on project implementation assistance including troubleshooting and resolved process problems.
e Implemented period promotional plan for department.
e Greeted and assisted customers while anticipating needs.
e Ran cash register and collecting payment from guests.
e Maintained social media platform included content and photography.
¢ Cultivated soil, sowed crops and controlled weeds by slashing.
e Checked farmland for issues in need of attention, such as fences to mend and broken pipes to fix.
e Tended to crops such as fruit trees, vegetable plants, medicinal plants and herbs.
e Planted crops in fields, helping farmers distribute seeds and plan harvesting schedules.
e Watered plants during growing seasons and closely monitored crops for growth progress or issues.
e Created and distributed pamphlets and other informational literature on farm products.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.

EpucatTIon a
01/2004 Associate of Arts: Fashion Design
Brooks College - Sunnyvale, CA
© Dean's List Spring 2003 GPA 3.75
e President's List Summer 2003 GPA 4.0
e Awarded Honors for excellent academics
CERTIFICATIONS

¢ CADTP Law & Ethics, Ujima Family Recovery Services- July 2019
e ASAM A&B. Ujima Family Recovery Services - July 2019
« UCLA Co-Occurring Disorders, Ujima Family Recovery Services - January 2020