JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities. Bringing strong work ethic and excellent
organizational skills to any setting. Excited to begin new challenge with successful team.

Hardworking and reliable Engineering Technician with strong ability in planning and developing. Offering Leadership, Dependability and
Adaptability. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

SKILLS
* Technical documentation e Supervision
e Electronics manufacturing « Communications
e Electrical safety e Administrative support
e Electronic troubleshooting ¢ Safety Inspections
e Wiring and soldering e Team Management
* Continuous improvement e Budgets
¢ Product development e Customer Service
¢ Production optimization e Team Building
¢ Process Improvement © Operational Improvement
e Inventory Management ¢ Knowledgeable in Engineering Technology
e Equipment Operation e MS Office
EXPERIENCE

Electronics Technician, 12/2015 - Current
Amentum — Huntsville, AL

¢ Interpreted schematic blueprints, wiring diagrams. performance specifications and service manuals.

e Performed preventive, predictive and corrective maintenance to keep machinery running at optimal levels.

e Read and interpreted technical manuals, drawings and schematics to make accurate repair decisions.

¢ Completed inspections and diagnostic procedures to identify problems and optimal resolutions.

e Handled all delegated tasks, including preventive and corrective maintenance.

* Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.

¢ Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

e Attended departmental meetings, providing feedback to enhance future performance.

*« Completed shipboard surge suppressor project resulting in 100% compliance with the electrical safety code aboard.

e Learned logistics and supply chain methodologies to support division needs.

e Inspected incoming supplies to verify conformance with materials specifications and quality standards.

¢ Identified and corrected performance and personnel issues negatively impacting team and business operations.

* Coordinated with internal departments to maximize operational efficiency across maintenance and administrative areas.

e Established and enforced clear goals to keep all employees on same level and working collaboratively.

e Addressed employee, equipment and material issues to determine and implement optimal resolutions, preventing wasted resources and
maintaining schedules.

¢ Directed and motivated team of 13 Electronic Technicians in shipboard/industrial setting.

* Monitored employee performance and safety, conducting retraining to correct problems and optimize productivity.

e Supervised successful team of 13 Electronic Technicians by conveying project information consistently, quickly resolving issues and
delivering constructive feedback.

¢ Coordinated day-to-day and long-term activities with various work centers within platform.

¢ Identified equipment malfunctions by using various troubleshooting methods, including diagnosis and half splitting.

e Maintained high level of morale and team-work on work center through frequent communication with 13 employees.

e Established and maintained operating schedules to provide effective coverage for key areas and to achieve assignment objectives.

* Coached and mentored 6 staff members by offering constructive feedback and asking about long-term career growth goals.

e Performed minor repair work on communication equipment to keep jobs on task, notifying Combat Systems department of major
equipment failures.

¢ Performed scheduled and surprise inspections of work sites in order to gauge technician skill and performance in field.

* Conducted training needs assessments and provided ongoing training for staff.

e Trained newly hired employees on communication equipment and troubleshooting and created training manual for all Electronic
Technicians to use as reference guide.

e Determined efficient work schedules for team on weekly basis to keep maintenance/customer support moving and each shift properly
staffed.

e Assessed employees’ strengths and delegated tasks based upon expertise and knowledge, which increased workflows by 15%.

¢ Monitored equipment efficiency, checked materials supplies and coordinated manpower requirements to meet expected demand.

e Tested components, assemblies and systems to diagnose problems.

* Established comprehensive maintenance plans and oversaw repair work.

e Adhered to applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental compliance.

¢ Scheduled 13 staff for optimal coverage to meet challenging daily objectives.

* Completed logs and job reports for completed and pending service calls at shift end.

e Set up, configured and monitored safety equipment for use by technical personnel.

e Worked from complex and detailed manufacturing documentation and verbal instructions.

e Inspected equipment and systems to identify issues and reported problems to repair technicians.

® Organized, scheduled and assigned production work across team members for task balance.

e Executed routine maintenance on electrical/electronic, auxiliary and support equipment for operational readiness.

¢ Performed diagnostics, troubleshooting and evaluations on electronic equipment.

e Set up and verified functionality and availability of safety equipment.

¢ Interpreted equipment manuals and manufacturer instructions to install and troubleshoot devices.

e Maintained repair status in spreadsheets used in Communication Electronics Division operational review meetings.

e Assembled parts using bolts, screws, speed clips, rivets and other fasteners.

¢ Prepared operational reports and provided information to supervisors.

* Supported Combat Systems department by compiling paperwork and taking detailed meeting minutes.

* Collaborated with others to discuss new improvement opportunities.

Infomercial Editor, 01/2011 - 12/2015
Benjamin Seda Productions — City, STATE
© Utilized Final Cut Pro 7 and Final Cut X to compile data gathered from various sources.
¢ Completed infomercial project resulting in 100% customer satisfaction.
¢ Handled all delegated tasks, including editing and delivery of final product.
e Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.
* Collaborated with others to discuss new marketing opportunities.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Collected data from camera media, transcoded video and audio files and managed file backup systems.
¢ Transformed footage and assets to create compelling, effective marketing videos and content.
e Reviewed scenes to determine pacing and continuity and trimmed shots to fit with content.
¢ Performed all aspects of post-production, including sound design, sequence selection and compression.
¢ Collaborated with creative team and director to ensure alignment between artistic vision and editing requirements.
« Communicated effectively with team members and internal stakeholders to ensure smooth project operations and on-time delivery.
e Liaised with editorial personnel to create and produce digital and marketing content and promo development.
* Created impactful infomercial video showcasing work using Final Cut Pro.
e Analyzed all video content for quality control and editorial corrections.
* Uploaded final cuts to content management systems and client platforms.
e Edited video by adding graphics, titles, audio and special effects.
e Reviewed video and selected best footage for storytelling.
e Checked video for corruption and ensured media rendered correctly.
e Maintained professionalism through active listening and by accepting constructive criticism with poise.

Agricultural Engineering Intern, 06/2013 - 07/2013
US Coast Guard Air Station Borinquen — City, STATE
e Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
* Collaborated in development of Security procedures.
e Achieved cost-savings by developing functional solutions to quality of life problems of base housing resident.
« Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
e Learned Logistics and housing management to support office needs.
e Supported Engineering department by compiling paperwork and taking detailed meeting minutes.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Eamed reputation for good attendance and hard work.
e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.
¢ Completed landscaping/reforestation project resulting in increase quality of life for residents due to a beautiful scenery.
¢ Completed Surveying Structures project resulting in the identification of unsafe or damage structures, providing accurate critical data used
for minimizing cost associated with material and labor needed to replace or build a new structure.
e Handled all delegated tasks, including researching. planning, designing and surveying.
e Attended departmental meetings, providing feedback to enhance future performance.
© Utilized Microsoft Excel to compile data gathered from various sources.
© Collaborated in development of work order procedures for maintenance requests.
e Achieved cost-savings by developing functional solutions to big tree roots breaking side walk problems.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Mechanical Technology, 05/2014
University of Puerto Rico - Mayaguez - Mayaguez, PR

WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES

© https://www_linkedin.com/in/Jessica-torres-guerrero-35a3 1538/