SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

High Energy, hardworking, with a motivating positive attitude and presence. Many years of experience working
directly with clients. Excelling at relationship-building and maintaining relationships with all fellow employees
and clients. Expert at communication and strong interpersonal skills.

« Relationship Building e =Internet Savvy
« Customer Relationships « Customer Training
e Proficient in technology e Supporting Sales Team
« Teamwork and Collaboration e Employee Mentoring
ACCOUNT MANAGER (REMOTE) 01/2022 to 08/2022

Broadiume | New York, NY

e Handle pipeline management including proactively managing estimated close dates, facilitating CD
requests, ensuring purchase transactions meet close of escrow requirements, and monitoring loan
status for lock expirations. | worked closely with the brokers and account reps to keep them updated on
their pipeline and lock deadlines.

e Actas a liaison between brokers and account executives: providing customer service by answering
status and other loan specific questions. | built a great working relationships between brokers and
Account Reps providing above average customer service with my ability to make each person feel
special.

e Enter and verify accurate loan data in Loan Origination System, run additional applications such as
AUS, FHAC, Social Security Validations, Fraud Reporting, Transcript ordering, etc. as needed -

e Work closely with underwriters to clear conditions and communicate loan approvals to brokers. | worked
closely with the Underwriters and developed close relationships to achieve the best scenario for our
clients.

e Other duties and/or mortgage related tasks as assigned by management. | helped facilitate the tech set
up for everyone working from home and also helped to train the new hires that came on shortly after
myself.

e Accomplished building and maintaining productive relationships with all customers and internal partners.

e Oversaw multiple accounts and worked diligently to meet and exceed performance goals.

CLCENT RELATIONSHIP MANAGER (REMOTE SINCE COVID) 04/2014 to 01/2022
Caliber Home Loans | City, STATE

e Handle pipeline management including proactively managing estimated close dates, facilitating CD
requests, ensuring purchase transactions meet close of escrow requirements. and monitoring loan
status for lock expirations. Managed and closed over 100 loans a month, the past couple of years of
employment while maintaining and collaborating with the brokers, sales team, underwriters and closing
team.

e Actas a liaison between brokers and account executives: providing customer service by answering
status and other loan specific questions. | cultivated strong relationships with the sales team, brokers,
underwriters and closing team.

e Enter and verify accurate loan data in Loan Origination System, run additional applications such as
AUS, FHAC, Social Security Validations, Fraud Reporting, Transcript ordering, etc. as needed.

e Work closely with underwriters to clear conditions and communicate loan approvals to brokers. Worked
aith FHA, VA, USDA, and conventional loans.

e Other duties and/or mortgage related tasks as assigned by management.

e Maintained long-term, profitable relationships with clients through problem solving, issue resolution and
recommendation of new products and services.

e Received, responded to and resolved customer issues or complaints quickly, resulting in increased
client satisfaction.

e Established new and maintained existing client relationships by cultivating open and positive dialogue,
delivering high-quality service and following up after sales close.

e Built customer confidence by actively listening to needs and concerns and providing appropriate
solutions.

BLGINESS OWNER 01/2008 to 12/2017
The Fitness Fuzion | City, STATE

e Developed and created business from ground up.

e Planning and execution of large events, fundraisers and workshops.

e Promoted business on social media platforms to maximize brand identity and expand brand awareness
and attract new customers.

e Devised business and marketing plans.

e Created and implemented marketing and advertising strategies to support revenue goals and promote
strategic growth.

e Hired and trained instructors to support brand logo and increase revenue.

LCCIN PROCESSOR FOR AGRICULTURAL LOANS 02/2010 to 02/2013
Rabo AgriFinance | City, STATE

e Worked directly with Relationship Managers, General Counsel, Closers and appraisers.
e Reviewed compliance documents and generated loan documents
e Created and completed loan submission packages.

High School Diploma 05/1977
Parkway West Senior High, Ballwin, MO

ScOthern Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL

e Successfully started a business with my sister from the ground up.

e Created and marketed the business to become a household name in the St. Louis area.
« Developed long term relationships with 100's of new clients.

« Work well with all fellow employees