Tyler Lane

| Main Street. New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell; (555) 322-7337
example-email@example.com

Summary

Landscape Gardener passionate about designing beautiful and flourishing outdoor spaces. Dedicated to
collaborating with clients to create functional and atmospheric landscapes for their homes and businesses. Hard
worker with a passion for the outdoors.

Highlights

e Drought-resistant techniques Extensive native plants knowledge

.

e Invasive species knowledge « Creative design expertise

e Japanese gardens « Team leadership

e Lawn repair specialist e Project management

« Detail-oriented « Excellent planning ability
Experience
BC Landscaping July 2009 to Current
Landscape Crew Leader

New Cityland, CA

Manage work of 5+ day laborers in completing landscaping projects.
Landscape and maintain private residence and commercial building grounds.
Complete all timesheets and paperwork on time and accurately.

Ensure equipment is well-cared for and maintained in optimal condition.
Communicate with management regarding schedule and service issues.

Keep job sites safe and secure for employees and equipment.

Lawn Pro March 2006 to June 2009
Landscaper

New Cityland, CA

Applied fertilizers to ground covers and plants to promote growth.

Pruned hedges, trees, and bushes to sculpt look and reduce size.

Raked, mulched, and performed general upkeep for clients.

Designed and installed garden walls.

Planted new flowers, bushes, trees, and grass according to specifications.

Cut grass and trimmed around garden areas, trees, and other obstacles.

Green Team Garden Care April 2004 to February 2006
Landscaper
New Cityland, CA
e Installed rock gardens, ponds, and irrigation systems in accordance with client specifications.
Mowed and edged lawns and flowerbeds.
Planted seeds, bulbs, ground covers, and trees.
Mixed and sprayed fertilizers, herbicides, and insecticides onto grass, shrubs, and trees.
Arranged shrubs, trees, and flowers to create particular landscape effects.

Certifications
Certified Landscape Technician, California Landscape Contractors Association