PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Performance-oriented engineering team member conscientious about methodically testing and optimizing
electrical schematics. Prepare highly accurate specifications and instructions for commissioning. Meticulous,
resourceful and diligent about supporting sustainable designs. Collaborate effectively with designers and
production team members to enhance designs of electrical machines, control systems and circuits. Well-
versed in both site and laboratory conditions. Highly organized and analytical with good recordkeeping and
project management abilities. Efficient and able electronics professional with 5+ years in maintenance field in
both electronics technician and management roles. Strong organizational and time management skills.
Exceptional bench-level technical skills coupled with team leadership background. Well-versed in machine
programming and electrical systems. as well as facility and production maintenance.

e Precision Instruments e Advanced Mathematics

« Records Compilation and Maintenance e Hand Tools

« Specialized Testing Equipment e Critical Thinking

« Blueprint and Schematic Reading e« Production Cost Verification

e« System Log Maintenance e Electrical Component Evaluation
e Parts Procurement e Inventory Maintenance

« Equipment Operation e Voltage and Current Meters

e Electronics Units Assembly e Electrical Control Systems Installation
e Manual Updating e Industrial Automation

« Codes and Standards Compliance e Engineering Schematic Design

« Components and Parts Replacement e« Programmable Logic Controllers
e« Maintenance and Repair e Error Troubleshooting

« Attention to Detail e Judgment and Decision Making

e Variable Speed Drives

ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN 08/2016 to PRESENT
Afg Holdings, Inc. | Houston, TX

e Interpreted electric and electronic schematics and mechanical layouts to diagnose equipment problems.

e Measured and read DMM, meggers. micrometers and thickness gauges using electrical and mechanical
testing instruments.

e Completed daily inspections of all electronic equipment.

e Operated and maintained electronic transmitting and receiving equipment, as well as digital and analog
computers.

e Installed, repaired and tested [System] electrical and electronic systems.

e Installed electrical conduit and wiring for power, controls and lighting.

« Documented all maintenance and repairs performed on equipment.

e Installed and maintained databases on company's server.

e Designed, implemented and administered new back-up program.

e Collaborated with IT department with any networking issues such as printing and data access.

e Checked supportive electrical equipment such as brackets and hangers, making repairs when
necessary.

e Controlled and monitored mechanical equipment using computer.

e Reported all unsafe activities, situations and potential hazards to supervisor.

e Adhered to testing procedures while performing standard and specialized evaluations on energized and
de-energized circuits.

e Maintained and repaired solenoids and regulators on co-generation systems.

BFCDGE BUILDER AND DIRT CONSTRUCTION 05/2021 to 05/2021
Welding Construction | City, STATE

e Enhanced team efficiency and multitasking abilities by effectively using hand tools, power tools and
equipment.

e Provided first class customer service to meet all deadlines with guaranteed satisfaction.

e Used shovels or heavy equipment to move different materials based on job needs.

e Operated cranes and heavy equipment to grade earth according to engineering design specifications
and topographic requirements.

e Safely operated mowers, chain saws, electric clippers, sod cutters and pruning saws to clear
construction sites, roadbeds and access roads.

e Managed independent resolutions of site issues to keep workers on-task and prevent more complex
issues.

e Organized materials, tools and equipment to supply team members.

e Consulted with customers to understand desires and help each owner meet individual property
objectives.

e Read and understood plans and technical documentation for each job.

e Signaled equipment operators to complete proper alignments, movements and adjustments.

e Dug holes, trenches and ditches at desired locations and backfilled completed excavations.

e Clear areas in preparation for laying down asphalt.

e Spread asphalt, gravel and other materials at work locations using variety of tools and equipment.

AGRICULTURAL WORKER 04/2007 to 04/2010
Worked For Multiple Farms | City, STATE

e Handled and moved various plants and produce using tractors and wheelbarrows.

e Irrigated farm soil and performed repairs and routine maintenance on pipes and pumps.

e Operated and serviced farm machinery, implements and farm vehicles.

e Branded or tagged livestock with name and grade.

e Made minor adjustments and repairs to agricultural equipment.

e Cared for livestock by cleaning and disinfecting pens and facilities.

e Sprayed fertilizer and pesticide solution to prevent growth and spread of weeds, fungi and harmful
insects.

e Examined livestock animals for signs of illness and injury.

e Administered vaccinations to animals to prevent spread of disease.

e Controlled livestock herds by moving to pastures, scales and trucks for transfer to market,
slaughterhouse or alternate grazing.

e Conducted pre-shift inspections of equipment and work areas to enhance safety.

e Maximized performance of various equipment by repair and preventive maintenance.

« Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

Intro To Engineering Simulations
CornellX, Online

AsCociate of Applied Science | Aircraft Maintenance 07/2005
Westwood College of Aviation Technology, Denver, CO

Higa School Diploma 05/2002
Central Catholic, West Point

« Airframe and Powerplant Certificate