JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Analytical Research Assistant successful at guiding institutional research and student projects. Offered skills in statistical and graphical data
analysis techniques paired with outstanding planning and scheduling abilities. Enthusiastic collaborator eager to work with diverse groups of
people and develop new ideas. Communicative customer service professional motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to
company success.

SKILLS
¢ Preparing Samples and Specimens e Multitasking and Prioritization
* Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis e Customer Retention Strategies
¢ Building Relationships © Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
« Teamwork and Collaboration ¢ Problem-Solving Abilities
¢ Communication skills Management Self-Motivated Time e Customer Relations
Management e Researching Business Options
« Customer relations Teamwork Communication skills Customer e Allocating Resources
relations ¢ Documentation Skills
¢ Materials Relationship Building Self-Motivated Teamwork e Equipment Operation
« Time Management * Quality Control

« Understanding Customer Needs
« Customer Data Confidentiality
e Calm and Professional Under Pressure

EXPERIENCE

02/2020 to 08/2022 Graduate Research Assistant
Association Of American Medical Colleges — Washington, DC
e Assisted with researches in the Laboratory
e Engaged in Experiment on poultry birds
e Assisted with practical class for undergraduate student
¢ Gave public presentations of findings at conferences.
Completed daily administrative tasks for professors as directed.
e Assisted with research for academic publications.
e Prepared tables, graphs. fact sheets and written reports summarizing research results.
e Executed qualitative and quantitative analysis on wide range of data.
e Provided comprehensive research assistance and support when designing and executing experiments.
¢ Oversaw students in group settings and offered academic guidance.
e Designed research and experimental studies, executing research techniques, tests and assays.
© Optimized equipment with calibration and maintenance to obtain accurate and precise results.
e Educated undergraduate students on laboratory protocols and activities.
e Directed student workers and aides and delegated tasks to other graduate assistants.
¢ Maintained laboratory operations and assisted with testing activities.

06/2018 to 05/2019 Customer Service Representative
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Frisco, TX
¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
e Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.
e Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking for problem resolution.
e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.
e Escalated customer concerns, issues and requirements to supervisors for immediate rectification.
© Developed strong customer relationships to encourage repeat business.
e Relayed customer feedback to cross-functional teams to improve products and services.

05/2016 to 04/2018 Farm Supervisor
Martin Marietta — Cleburne, TX
e Supervised workers on various task and ensured vegetables were properly grown, harvested and distributed
¢ Documented farm records and activities
e Prepared and kept records of equipment, materials and production
e Directed the repair and maintenance of farm buildings and equipment.

04/2015 to 03/2016 Management Trainee
National Youth Service Corp, Ministry Of Agriculture — City, STATE
e Engaged in different farming activities such as landscaping. vegetative production, nursery establishment.
¢ Completed special projects under manager guidance.
¢ Supported staff training, development and evaluation.
¢ Contributed to strategy and goal establishment and monitoring.

07/2012 to 06/2013 Internship Student
Farm Practical Year, Federal University Of Agriculture Abeokuta — City, STATE
e Tracked animal productivity, nutrition, and grazing patterns
© Logistics for research in remote locations.
¢ Worked well in team environment as well as independently.
e Worked with teams to support goals and build experience.
e Built professional working relationships with peers and supervisors.
e Conducted research and presented findings to leadership.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

08/2022 Master of Science: Animal Science
North Carolina A & T State University - Greensboro, NC
© 3.72 GPA
09/2014 Bachelor of Science: Agriculture

Federal University of Agriculture Abeokuta - Abeokuta, Ogun State, Nigeria
GPA: 3.0