JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Personable Customer Service Associate dedicated to providing the highest level of customer service. Outgoing, and efficient with the capacity
to multi-task. Energetic and flexible with 3.5 years of experience in retail sales. Driven with professional focused results. Reliable and friendly

customer service
HIGHLIGHTS
e Store planning and design e Excellent multi-tasker
e Organized e Strong communication skills
e Time management e Flexible schedule
¢ Detail-oriented e Personnel training and development
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

* Routinely helped as many as 100 customers each day in a high-volume retail outlet.
* Received 15 out of 20 “exceeds expectations” ratings on performance reviews per year.

* Met monthly sales goals for 5 months straight.

EXPERIENCE

Agricultural Sales, 09/2011 - 06/2015
Farm And Fleet — City, STATE
e Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.
¢ Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.
e Educated customers on product and service offerings.
e Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand.
e Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback.
¢ Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience.
* Completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer satisfaction.
e Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment.
* Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.
* Unloaded trucks, stocked shelves and carried merchandise out on the floor for customers Informed customers about all product lines and
services offered by the company.
e Marked clearance products with updated price tags.
¢ Communicated merchandise needs and issues to appropriate supervisors in a timely fashion.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: Physical Therapy, 2017
Blackhawk - Moline. IL