JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Leadership driven Maintenance Team Leader with 8 years experience in a medical manufacturing setting. Responsible for working closely
with Safety, Quality and Production to meet the needs and goals of the customer. Hands on experience with repairs and maintenance of all
production equipment & facilities maintenance. Strong floor presents with attention to detail. Executive level communication skills with every
level of production & management. Acute attention to detail & simplicity with a record of monetary and time savings on every project
overseen.

SKILLS
e Planned work & project scheduling with production in mind. e Inventory monitoring
¢ Employee performance evaluation © Vendor relationship management
« Resource Allocation e Team building
¢ Facilities maintenance e PPE use
e Strong analytical and problem solving skills * Good working knowledge of computer-based applications and
¢ Safety protocols and training functions
e Leadership e Experience with PLC base control systems
¢ Organizational skills e Time management
« Communicating both written and oral e Hands on experience with repairs and maintenance of production
machines and facilities.
e Continuous Improvements
EXPERIENCE

04/2014 to Current Maintenance Team Leader
Nestle International — Medford, WI

e Supervised preventive maintenance projects, employee tasks and performance and adherence to safety standards.

¢ Delegated daily tasks to employees to manage resources and meet deadlines.

e Managed team of employees, daily progress reports and overall project planning.

Monitored maintenance scheduling and reported maintenance team information to executive management.

¢ Provided insight and information to management regarding onsite improvement project specifications.

e Implemented improved training procedures to better develop new personnel.

e Established and implemented new procedures for standard maintenance scheduling.

e Inspected completed work to assess quality and identify skill gaps.

e Established and enforced clear safety policies to protect workers from injury.

e Coordinated efficient maintenance schedules to keep systems running at peak levels.

e Investigated accidents and injuries, preparing reports on findings.

¢ Worked with ergonomic tools to alleviate workplace accidents.

¢ Completed inspections and evaluations to maintain operations throughout entire facility.

e Delivered positive reinforcement and constructive criticism for employee work efforts.

e Determined schedules, sequences and assignments for work activities, based on priority, quantity of equipment and
personnel skill.

e Diagnosed and repaired mechanical issues according to industry standards.

© Contacted vendors to procure equipment and tools to meet organizational demands.

e Managed training, licensing and vehicle inspections for operational readiness, provided feedback to employees and
translated operational directives into program roadmaps.

e Reviewed blueprints and manuals to repair and restore optimal functionality.

e Maintained equipment performance by cleaning and lubricating components.

e Eliminated knowledge gaps by managing continuous training and mentoring strategies for new and junior
personnel.

¢ Minimized costs by working and negotiating with multiple suppliers.

03/2013 to 04/2014 Automotive Technician
Valvoline Inc. — Happy Valley, OR
e Performed minor maintenance services, including gasket replacements, coolant flushes and tune-ups.
e Removed, replaced, balanced and rotated new or used tires to maintain on-road safety
¢ Completed repairs and maintenance to major vehicle models to meet safety specifications.
e Evaluated, repaired and aligned vehicle suspensions.
e Maintained certifications and completed in-depth training on commonly-serviced equipment, systems and
components.
¢ Kept detailed records of repairs, labor involved and parts used.
¢ Maintained garage safety protocols to meet regulatory and company expectations.
e Conveyed troubleshooting diagnosis to customer and outlined proposed repair plan and associated costs.
© Developed in-depth understanding of automotive systems and components to complete fast and accurate repairs.

05/2012 to 04/2013 Agricultural Technician
Mississippi State University (Ms) — Starkville, MS
¢ Inspected equipment and made repairs and replacements.
e Performed troubleshooting duties to determine cause of equipment failures.
¢ Noted and filed new installations, repair procedures and maintenance procedures completed.
e Interpreted equipment manuals and blueprints and explained procedures to team.
¢ Performed troubleshooting on malfunctioning equipment, identified faults and repaired, replaced or refurbished
components to restore full functionality.
© Operated test meters and soldering equipment to replace electrical components and wiring.
¢ Tracked repairs made, labor time and parts used to calculate bill.
e Communicated with clients during service calls for top-quality customer service.
¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
e Inspected livestock feed and water systems for proper functioning.

03/2000 to 02/2012 Owner/Operator Contracting
Backwoods Builders — City, STATE
¢ Coordinated schedules and day-to-day activities of crew to satisfy project needs.
e Assigned work to employees based on project requirements and individual team member strengths.
© Used personal knowledge and abilities to help complete all types of work with builds.
e Estimated materials and labor requirements to complete jobs within budgetary and timeline requirements.
¢ Collaborated with owners during building process to maintain unique vision.
¢ Determined optimal construction requirements and site plans.
e Managed seven-person crew carrying out all work in each build.
e Learned and mastered skilled trade specialties under guidance of expert mentors.
© Understood how to operate and maintain job site equipment safely and for maximum productivity.
e Displayed high standards for quality workmanship and routinely double-checked work.
e Worked productively as lead or helping team member and drove customer satisfaction.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Champlain College - Burlington, VT

Vermont Technical College - Randolph Center, VT