SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

« Guest services e Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
« Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
© AGRICULTURAL SALES ASSOCIATE 02/2018 to 11/2019

Fedex Cross Border | San Diego, CA

e Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.

e Engaged customers in friendly, professional dialogue to determine needs.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.

e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.

e Collected payments and provided accurate change.

e Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.

e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.

e Developed trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.

e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and
move overstock items.

¢ Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.

e Received and displayed product shipments on store retail shelves upon delivery.

e Tracked company inventories, moved excess stock and arranged products to improve sales.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.

e Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application or
usage.

TEOM LEADER MANAGER 05/2017 to 12/2017
Gardaworld | Olive Branch, MS

e Oversaw daily workloads and workflow for smooth operations.

¢ Motivated team members to consistently achieve or exceed performance expectations.

e Fostered positive employee relationships through communication, training and development coaching.

e Coached team for success by using corrective action processes.

e Suggested various operational strategies to increase productivity.

e Delegated work assignments and prioritized tasks.

e Analyzed and measured employee performance, taking appropriate disciplinary action or recognition
based on work performance.

e Initiated training sessions and coached employees to develop effective staff.

e Analyzed business performance data to identify areas of strength and improve areas of weakness.

e Resolved customer inquiries and complaints requiring management-level escalation.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.

e Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

e Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements.

e Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards
each day.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs.

BéCIK TELLER 08/2015 to 05/2017
The Bank Of Romney | City, STATE

e Cashed customer checks. verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank
policy.

e Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional
in stressful situations.

e Welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction.

e Reconciled cash and checks against computer records at end of shift.

e Responded and assisted customers with account inquiries and updates.

e Entered transactions into computer and issued customer receipts.

e Explained bank services, financial products and applicable fees to customers.

e Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

e Identified and reported suspicious behavior to security personnel as appropriate.

e Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training
classes and workshops offered to employees.

e Took on additional shifts during busy periods to minimize staffing shortages.

¢ Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

e Built and maintained client relationships through quality, personalized interactions.

e Delivered exceptional service to customers in person or over telephone.

e Performed transactional, operational, and customer support tasks through knowledge of bank
procedures and products.

e Entered customer transactions into computers to record transactions and issue computer-generated
receipts.

e Issued and redeemed money orders, cashier checks. traveler's checks and savings bonds.

e Counted drawers and reconciled remaining cash to accost for deposits and dispersals.

e Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

RESTAURANT WAITRESS 08/2014 to 08/2015
Main Street Grill | City, STATE

e« Provided exceptional service to high volume of daily customers.

« Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials to increase profits.

« Communicated with hosts, bussers and kitchen staff to prepare for and serve customers.

« Completed cleaning duties by sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet and tidying up server
stations.

e Satisfied customers by topping off drinks and offering condiments, napkins and other items.

e Prepared salads, appetizers and garnishes to assist kitchen staff.

« Promoted desserts, appetizers and specialty drinks to optimize sales.

e Cleaned tables and chairs to prepare dining area for next customers.

« Checked with customers to determine satisfaction with meals, promptly taking action to correct
problems.

« Displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about restaurant's menu and products.

e Addressed complaints to kitchen staff and served replacement items.

« Trained new employees on restaurant procedures and plating techniques.

e Stocked service areas with supplies during slow periods.

« Explained menu items, describing ingredients and cooking methods upon request.

| Associate of Applied Science | Agriculture Technology 05/2017

Potomac State College of WVU, Keyser, WV