PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© - Reliable Electrician skilled in performing preventive and regular maintenance work on electrical systems.

Adapts to new technology and concepts. In-depth knowledge of generators, transformers and circuit
breakers. Punctual and hardworking individual dedicated to cultivating excellent relationships with clients.

- Dependable retail sales professional with experience in dynamic, high-performance environments. Skilled in
processing transactions, handling cash, using registers and arranging merchandise. Maintains high-level
customer satisfaction by smoothly resolving customer requests, needs and problems.

- Agricultural Worker acquainted with use, care and operation of light and heavy agricultural equipment.
Trained on safety procedures for handling hazardous materials and operating heavy equipment. Tended to
crops and plants while maximizing efforts to prevent pests and crop death using organic methods.

e Inventory Management e Appliance Installation
e« Security Practices e Electrical Wiring and Fixtures
« Merchandising and Display e Emergency Lighting
« Attention to Detail e« Decision Making
« POS Software e Malfunction Diagnostics
« Strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills © Project Management
« Power Cable Connection e Accurate Measurements
e Installation Management e Multitasking and Prioritization
e Circuit Continuity Assessment e Wire Wrapping and Cutting
« Blueprint Reading e Breaker Panel Installation
« Layout Planning e« Conduit and Raceway Installation
e Electrical Safety e« Construction Methods
« Transformer Connection e Voltage and Current Meters
e Parts Fabrication e Vehicle and Equipment Operation
« Wire Insulation e National Electric Code NFPA 70
e Electrical Systems Testing e Radio and Telephone Communication
e Field Sketching e Self-Motivated
e« Worker Training e Organization and Time Management
« Grounding Installation e First Aid/CPR
« Local Codes Compliance e Excellent Communication
e« Conduit and Pipe Laying ¢ Training and Development
e« Hand and Power Tools e Active Listening
¢ Scaffolding and Ladder Work e Maintenance and Repair
e Job Specifications Reading e Good Telephone Etiquette
© AGRICULTURAL WORKER 01/2013 to 12/2016

Forest Preserve District Of Dupage County | West Chicago, IL

e Irrigated farm soil and performed repairs and routine maintenance on pipes and pumps.

e Handled and moved various plants and produce using tractors and wheelbarrows.

e Lifted 200 pounds and displayed superior strength and stamina in harsh weather conditions.
e Operated and serviced farm machinery, implements and farm vehicles.

e Made minor adjustments and repairs to agricultural equipment.

e Maximized performance of water pump equipment by repair and preventive maintenance.

e Increased customer satisfaction by resolving field issues.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.

ELOCTRICIAN 02/2016 to 12/2020
Actionlink | Cypress, TX

e Analyzed blueprints to diagnose potential electrical hazards and carry out risk assessments prior to
starting new jobs.

e Installed and wired electrical transformers, service panels, and circuit breakers.

e Planned layout and installation of electrical wiring, equipment and fixtures based on specifications and
applicable code.

e Installed, maintained, repaired and tested equipment for electricity generation and utilization.

e Coordinated with other trades and general contractors to facilitate layout of recessed fixtures and
architectural lighting.

e Conducted site visits to plan placement of equipment and interconnection to site's existing electrical
system.

e Worked with various types of cableways, conduits and other electrical raceways.

e Used testing instruments such as ohmmeters, voltmeters, ammeters and multimeters.

e Launched troubleshooting and tests on equipment post-installation to confirm compatibility and safety of
electrical systems.

e Worked from ladders, scaffolds and lifts to install, maintain or repair electrical wiring equipment and
lighting fixtures in ceilings, on roofs and on towers.

e Demonstrated expertise in use of cable reels, stripping tools, voltage detectors and wire and cable
cutters to complete fast-paced work.

e Inspected electrical systems, equipment and components to identify hazards, defects and repair
requirements.

e Read and interpreted electrical, mechanical and architectural drawings and electrical code
specifications for wiring layouts.

e Stored and maintained power tools and equipment for each job.

RECMIL SALES ASSISTANT 08/2021 to 11/2022
High Tide | City, STATE

e Used POS system to process sales, returns, online orders and gift card activations.

e Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

e Checked pricing, scanned items, applied discounts and printed receipts to ring up customers.

* Opened and closed store independently and prepared nightly bank drop for manager.

e Refunded payments for returned items, processed exchanges and offered store credit to achieve
customer satisfaction.

e Logged reports, expenses, receipts and sales documents into digital database.

e Approached browsing customers to initiate conversations to determine buying preferences.

High School Diploma 05/2012
North High School, Torrance, CA

Ele trical And Power Transmission Installation 08/2014
Long Beach Wyotech, Long Beach, CA

CeQified in Energy Efficiency 03/2013
Santa Monica College, Santa Monica, CA