SUMMARY

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION (©

CERTIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL ©

AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am a nationally registered EMT-Paramedic with 2 years experience as an EMT, and 1 year as a Paramedic in
a cutting edge service. | also have experience in the Fire Department setting, as well as experience as a
Police Dispatcher. | have extensive experience in working with several, very experienced, supervisors. My
work with them has lead to an understanding of the operational requirements of running an Ambulance
Service.

EMT-PARAMEDIC 01/2013 to CURRENT
St Mary's Health System | Auburn, ME

¢ Completed all mandatory education and training classes. As well as seeking continuing and more
advanced medical training.

e Maintained updated knowledge with treatment protocols. response requirements and quality assurance
procedures.

e Interacted with patients, families, hospital staff and the general public.

e Provided life support services during medical emergencies on scene and en route to the hospital.

e Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all assignments.

e Initiated plans of care based on patient assessments.

e Partnered with several, very experienced, shift supervisors.

e Interacted with patients, families, hospital staff and the general public.

e Operated and maintained emergency vehicles in a safe, efficient manner while obeying all traffic laws.

e Rapidly assessed whether life threatening criteria was present and took immediate action.

e Administered continuous and 12-lead electrocardiogram monitoring.

e Collected pertinent information from the patient, family and friends, medical records and prescriptions.

FI_ZFIGHTER 10/2015 to CURRENT
City Of Harrisonburg, Va | Harrisonburg, VA

e Completed continuing education classes in firefighting, rescue and emergency services.

e Applied appropriate extinguishing agents to structural, residential, commercial, industrial, Maintained a
state of readiness and alertness for all assignments. , vehicle and wilderness fires.

¢ Cooperatively and supportively interacted with coworkers and supervisors.

¢ Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all assignments.

e Operated and maintained emergency vehicles in a safe, efficient manner while obeying all traffic laws.

¢ Completed all mandatory education and training classes.

DISPATCHER 02/2012 to 09/2012
Hallcon | Baltimore, MD

e Dispatched police and fire departments

e Handled paperwork including but not limited to held persons forms, vehicle impounds, and city warrants.

e Acted as "jailer" for Arkoma PD's holding facility (holding persons for Arkoma PD, Pocola PD, Rock
Island PD, etc.).

FI[-EFIGHTER 10/2011 to 10/2073
City Of Harrisonburg, Va | Harrisonburg, VA

e Extinguished residential, structural, woods and automobile fires with handheld tools and equipment.

e Maintained fire extinguishers and other fire equipment in multiple stations.

e Completed continuing education classes in firefighting, rescue and emergency services.

e Notified fire dispatchers of supply needs and to detail difficulties encountered.

e Prepared reports of fires, accidents and emergencies for accurate transfer of information.

e Cooperatively and supportively interacted with coworkers and supervisors.

e Applied appropriate extinguishing agents to structural, residential, commercial, industrial, vehicle and
wilderness fires.

e Provided life support services during medical emergencies on scene and en route to the hospital.

e Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all assignments.

e Rapidly assessed whether life threatening criteria was present and took immediate action.

e Initiated plans of care based on patient assessments.

e Operated and maintained emergency vehicles in a safe, efficient manner while obeying all traffic laws.

e Completed all mandatory education and training classes.

e Maintained updated knowledge with treatment protocols. response requirements and quality assurance
procedures.

AGRICULTURAL WORKER 04/2008 to 01/2013
Cross Creek Ranch | City, STATE

e Operated heavy machinery.

e Operated Tractor Trailer trucks.

e Preformed manual labor.

e Fabricated new equipment and parts for equipment.

e Cared for and handled livestock.

e Acted as technical adviser for manager on computerized equipment

e General employee / General labor.

EMS Instructor | EMS Education 2016
OKEMSE - Online, Oklahoma Ciry, OK
« Salutatorian

Pa amedic | Emergency Medical Services 2015
Kiamich Technology Center, Wister, OK

e xcelled in and finished near the top of class, learning cutting edge and advanced emergency
medicine.

En 2rgency Medical Technician | Emergency Medical Services 2013
Kiamichi Technology Center, Poteau, OK
e Obtained great knowledge in first response and basic life support, as well as EMS operations.

Ha_mat Operations 2012
Kiamichi Technology Center, Poteau, OK

e Excelled in all aspects of Hazmat suppression, containment, evacuation, decontamination techniques,
and operations.

Hz mat Awareness 2012

Kiamichi Technology Center, Poteau, OK
e &xcelled in awareness of Hazmat emergencies and how to evacuate those specific emergencies.

Fi fighter 1 2012
Kiamichi Technology Center, Poteau, OK
e Excelled in all aspects of fire suppression and operations.

Ccege Work Towards | Associates Degree 2011
Carl Albert State College, Sallisaw, OK

e Excelled in all classes.
e General Education.

Hic School Diploma 2011
Roland Public Schools, Roland, OK
¢ Salutatorian

e« 40GPA

e Honor Roll

e BLS certified e NIMS 100

e PHTLS certified e NIMS 200

e ACLS certified e NIMS 700

e PALS certified e Certified in Basic Swift Water Rescue
e HAZMAT Operations certified e =©Firefighter 1 Certified

e EMS Instructor certified e FP-C (In Progress)

« CCP-C (In Progress)

« EMS of LeFlore County
« Wister Volunteer Fire Department
« Kiamichi Technology Center

« ECG expertise

« Proficient in IV and Medication therapy

e Public Speaking

¢« Social Skills

e Skilled in Microsoft Office (excel. Word, PowerPoint, etc.)
« Mechanically Inclined