JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I would describe myself as a hard working individual who is always open to learning and trying new things. I let my past experiences drive me
and make me a better person and worker each and everyday.

SKILLS
¢ Problem-Solving ¢ Organization and Prioritization
* Conflict Resolution e Materials Movement
¢ Data Documentation e Production Organization
e Invoice and Manifest Review e Warehouse Management
¢ Damage Identification and Reporting e Customer Relations
e Records Management * Critical Thinking
¢ Clear Communication e Cleaning and Sanitizing
EXPERIENCE

Warehouse Technician, 06/2021 - Current
United Seating & Mobility — Alexandria, VA
¢ Operated standard warehouse equipment, assisting with loading and unloading of deliveries.
¢ Performed material handling processes to improve delivery accuracy and productivity.
e Oversaw delivery, packaging and shipment accounting for material transitioning from warehouse to showroom or delivery.
¢ Designed warehouse solutions to meet tight deadlines.
e Prepared orders by processing requests and supply orders, pulling materials and packing boxes.
¢ Documented actions by completing forms. reports, logs and records.
* Verified inventory computations by comparing to physical counts of stock and investigating discrepancies or adjusting errors.
® Verified product inventory reports by comparing logs and reports and adjusting entries.
© Ordered and replenished inventory to maximize sales.
* Created spreadsheets, invoices and estimates with company SAP software to keep paperwork current and complete.
e Unpacked and examined incoming shipments to confirm consistency with records and routed materials to appropriate department.
e Worked with carrier representatives to handle shipping and delivery needs.
* Utilized [Software] to organize and maintain shipment records, supply totals and inventory data.
© Operated lift and hand trucks to transfer materials to and from target areas.
* Coordinated resolutions to independently handle damages, shortages and nonconformance.

Customer Service Supervisor, 02/2021 - 06/2021
Spectrum Brands Inc. — Bessemer, AL
e Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to maintain positive and successful work
environment.
« Maintained knowledge of company products and services to promptly resolve complaints and concems.
e Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.
e Investigated sensitive customer service complaints and delivered prompt resolution to customer satisfaction.
e Assessed team member performances by delivering one-on-one coaching to promote better service.
e Addressed customer inquiries to increase customer satisfaction ratings.
¢ Set clear expectations and helped employees pursue optimal paths for achieving each target.
¢ Delivered continuous training to associates to maximize performance and customer relations skills.
e Oversaw and assessed customer service staff activities to provide personnel with regular performance-related feedback.
e Mitigated escalated issues to drive customer satisfaction.
¢ Monitored phone calls to provide feedback and coaching.
e Made announcements over the store intercom

e Worked with Western Union to make transactions

Agricultural Field Worker, 06/2020 - 08/2020
Urban Air Adventure Park — Homewood, AL
e Assisted with [Type] harvest by collecting, sorting and packing crops.
* Loaded and unloaded crop harvests into trucks or storage areas.
* Communicated with management to promote efficiency in daily operations.
e Harvested [Type] crops by hand to avoid damage to delicate items.
¢ Loaded agricultural products into trucks to transport to market.
e Set up equipment to irrigate over [Number] acres.
¢ Monitor field conditions to determine crop readiness and sustainability.

Party Host, 09/2018 - 08/2020
Fantasyland — City, STATE
e Answered customers' questions about hours, seating, current wait time and other information.
e Managed guest expectations by relaying information regarding hours, wait times and specials.
e Checked dining and serving areas to verify proper cleanliness and readiness for guests.
e Planned and executed parties for large volumes of guests coordinating custom menus and preparing elaborate tables.
e Assisted serving staff by taking guest drink orders and resolving conflicts.
e Served food and beverages to guests and refilled glasses promptly.
e Began and ended events punctually by monitoring time and pacing schedule of activities.
¢ Interacted with guests and participated in event activities, giving next-level attention to guests of honor.
e Responded promptly and politely to guest questions and requests and de-escalated conflicts.
e Delivered clear, audible instructions for games and activities in language appropriate for age group.
e Communicated and encouraged adherence to safety rules to prevent injuries and mishaps.
e Used opportunities to upsell to guests during events, suggesting add-ons and gifts and services.
e Prevented loss of guest possessions and gifts by thoroughly checking space prior to guest exits.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/2020
Dighton-Rehoboth Regional High School - North Dighton, MA
* Radio and Tv Broadcasting Member