JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Focused Foreman considered very well adept in planning, assigning and directing work tasks. Dedicated team player committed to
maintaining safe, clean job sites. Pursuing role where hard work and dedication will be highly valued. Experienced Equipment Operator
specializing in agriculture, construction, and railroad work. Successful at reading and following plans, operating equipment and using tools to
complete required tasks. Seasoned Repair Technician with expertise in repairing and maintaining heavy equipment in various fields. Excellent
organization, planning and prioritizing aptitude. Specialties include troubleshooting, correct diagnosis, calibration, and equipment
maintenance. Also experienced with setting up GPS systems and operating them myself and not just on a dealer's side.

SKILLS
¢ Project estimation and bidding e Grading expertise
e Effective communication e Blueprints and schematics
e Residential construction e Staff Management
« Construction management « Contract Management
¢ Materials movement ¢ Commercial construction
¢ Heavy lifting e Following instructions
¢ Safety policies and procedures ¢ Budgeting
¢ Heavy Equipment Operation e Project Management
Work History

04/2015 to Current Foreman, Equipment Operator, Repairman
Holt Of California — West Sacramento, CA

e Interacted with employees to demonstrate high standards and mitigate issues effectively.

¢ Completed diligent equipment inspections, repairs and maintenance actions to prolong life of each piece of
machinery.

© Operated tons of different pieces of equipment. EX: backhoe, excavator, on-rail machines, large loaders,
bulldozers, regulator, ballast tamper, TRIPP machine for replacing railroad ties.

e Handled all issues with relative ease by implementing best practices and applying critical thinking skills to find
best solutions.

e Communicated with ground team members and fellow operators to prevent safety hazards and keep materials
moving.

¢ Planned operations to meet established schedules, factoring in order demands.

e Oversaw employee attendance record, handled payroll and ordered new materials for sites.

© Maximized resource utilization and achieved production targets by managing day-to-day usage of department
resources.

e Drove vehicles to and from work sites and maintained clean driving record.

e Evaluated production schedules and orders to arrange required materials and plan staffing needs.

© Operated equipment on daily basis.

¢ Trained in diverse pieces of equipment and useful attachments to handle any team need.

e Maintained fueled and fully operational equipment to jump on any project requirement and keep teams on tight
schedules.

© Moved equipment between job locations using track moves and communication with the dispatcher.

e Around an extremely dangerous environment with trains going excess of 130 mph.

e Oversaw routine maintenance programs and scheduled service to keep equipment functioning at peak levels.

e Reviewed project details to specify correct materials and equipment for job sites.

¢ Implemented preventive maintenance measures to decrease emergent issues.

e Maintained inventory of repair supplies and ordered parts as needed.

© Meticulously tracked all parts and equipment used on each job site.

e Dismantled machines and equipment using hand, power, and safety tools.

¢ Scheduled and planned maintenance by inspecting all equipment and monitoring functionality day to day.

11/2013 to 03/2015 Heavy Equipment Mechanic
Flex — New York, NY

e Performed routine and preventative maintenance on dozers, haul trucks, excavators and other heavy equipment.

e Replaced defective wiring systems, hydraulics and braking systems to return machines to service.

¢ Traveled about half of the time to work on-site at customer locations.

© Most projects were a full meticulous inspection and write-up, customer meeting and approval for work, ordering
parts using schematics for what were known issues, troubleshooting all other issues and diagnosing them, and
finally performing all of the repair and replace and/or fixing of issues myself.

¢ Removed worn or faulty components for replacement or repair.

e Diagnosed electrical, mechanical, and performance issues using knowledge, manual testing and computer-aided
tools.

e Installed new parts such as Hydraulic Pumps, Diesel Engines, and performed full overhauls on frequent basis.

e Analyzed malfunctioning equipment and determined type of repairs required.

e Read and understood technical drawings, schematics and manuals in order to make accurate updates.

e Maintained meticulous records of all repair work that was made to machines and equipment.

* Used hand tools to disassemble equipment, perform repair work and then reassemble parts.

e Specialized in repairing John Deere equipment but learned ins and outs of many different manufacturer's pieces.

© Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

¢ Received and processed stock into inventory management system.

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.

07/2011 to 10/2013 Agricultural Technician, Heavy Equipment Operator
Wilkinson Farms LLC — City, STATE
e Accurately graded and tracked slopes.
* Quickly repaired equipment on job, preventing downtime.
© Operated front-mounted hydraulically powered lifts to transport bulk materials.
e Maintained quality and safety by reporting equipment issues and malfunctions for repairs.
e Laid pipe, repaired eroded slopes and demolished buildings.
¢ Completed written reports of problems and necessary repairs and forwarded to maintenance personnel.
¢ Placed soil and rock fills and installed and cleaned ditches.
e Kept efficient time and material records.
¢ Traveled on interstate highways and rural dirt roads to job sites.
e Recorded accurate daily vehicle mileage logs.
e Responded to both hand and verbal instructions.
e Installed vegetation and erosion control devices.
e Maintained equipment in good working order by checking fluid levels and greasing and fueling machines.
© Operated heavy equipment, including motor graders, heavy loaders, carryalls, bulldozers, backhoes, roller scrapers
and tractors.
e Executed strength in math and physical science.
© Operated equipment safely and efficiently.
¢ Operated many multimillion dollar machines.

02/2010 to 06/2011 Engineering Technician
Cecil Conservation Office — City, STATE

e Read and interpreted blueprints, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports.

¢ Designed civil engineering designs for the environmental field using AutoCAD.

e Surveyed and plotted topography for data entry into CAD program.

¢ Implemented schematics, diagrams and written and verbal descriptions to effectively solve engineering project
issues.

e Inspected project sites to monitor progress and adherence to design specifications, safety protocols and state
environmental standards.

e Attended all seminars and trainings offered by company to build knowledge and improve skills.

¢ Obtained quotes for project materials and communicated with suppliers to determine best pricing.

e Tested soils and materials to determine proper design planning.

© Developed runoff plans for both buildings and geographical applications.

e Served landowners in a friendly, efficient manner and worked with many contractors performing the work, once
designed to spec, on location.

EpucaTIoNn

05/2009 High School Diploma
Salesianum School - Wilmington, DE