Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 © resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Driven Operation Assistant with 11 years adept at developing and maintaining detailed administrative and procedural processes that
reduce redundancy, improve accuracy and efficiency and achieve organizational objectives.

including coordinating complex travel arrangements and schedules.

Skills

e Managing classroom for diverse populations ¢ Project planning

¢ Critical thinking e Employee training and development

¢ Outstanding social skills ¢ Schedule management

¢ Positive reinforcement ¢ Self-directed

¢ Effective time management e Accurate and detailed

¢ Student motivation ¢ Excellent communication skills

¢ Excellent planner and coordinator

Work History

Assistant Store Manager Operations, 10/2003 to Current
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc — Richmond, IN
¢ Promoted from Department Manager to Assistant Manager within 15 months.
e Interviewed job candidates and made staffing decisions.
¢ Counted cash drawers and made bank deposits.
¢ Managed staff of 67 sales associates, 12 team leaders, 21 Department managers, 33 stockers, 13 unloaders, and 51 cashiers.
e Assigned employees to specific duties to best meet the needs of the store.
¢ Reordered inventory when it dropped below predetermined levels.
e Instructed staff on appropriately handling difficult and complicated sales.
¢ Hired, trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing.
e Examined merchandise to verify that it was correctly priced and displayed.
¢ Scheduled and led weekly store meetings for all employees.
e Increased profits through effective sales training and troubleshooting profit loss areas.
e Reported to the district manager regarding all store and staff issues.
e Trained and developed new associates on POS system and key sales tactics.
¢ Implemented a new ordering process and identified poor work habits to improve process effectiveness.
¢ Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 99.9% accuracy.
¢ Priced merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies.
e Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.
¢ Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.
¢ Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.
e Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store’s efficiency.
¢ Resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.
¢ Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner.
e Recognized and rewarded outstanding work performance to cultivate a positive and collaborative customer service culture.
e Strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all times.

Field Improvement Training Manager, 07/2013 to 01/2015
Walmart — City, STATE
e Created boardroom and courtroom multimedia presentations including video and text- sync’d depositions for enhanced
understanding.
¢ Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements.
¢ Implemented marketing strategies which resulted in 12% growth of customer base.
¢ Worked directly with department managers, assistant managers, and the store manager to ensure good execution of the core
process.
e Prepared a powerpoint presentation showing benefits of implementation of new core process for Regional and District

management teams.

Agronomist Director of agricultural Farm , 06/1998 to 07/2001
Caribbean University Of Haiti. — City, STATE
e Oversaw HR training, coaching, mentoring and staff retention.
e Oversaw the adequacy and soundness of the organization’s financial structure.
e Anticipated and prepared required materials for meetings.
e Represented the company at conferences and seminars.
¢ Served as executive staff liaison to several committees.
e Executed training programs for senior students in agricultural field.
¢ Facilitated a fast-paced and dynamic entrepreneurial environment.

School Academic Director, 03/1997 to 06/2003
Institution Lavoisier — City, STATE

¢ Introduced special outreach programs to department chair in effort to increase institution's interest in community service.

e Enforced the Buddy System mentoring program between 1st and 12th grade students, increasing student development and
enthusiasm for learning.

¢ Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and
technologies.

* Served on School Affiliation Board and revised the institute's policies and rules.

¢ Planned, implemented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with Capistrano
Unified District regulations and Board of Education goals.

¢ Operated summer sports day camp for children aged 5 to 13 years old and handled all aspects of planning curriculum and

activities.
Education

Bachelor of Science: Organizational Management, 2018
Nyack College - Nyack, NY

Bachelor of Science: Agronomy, 1999
Caribbean University - Port-Au-Prince

Associate of Science: Math and science, 2013
Rockland Community College - Suffern, NY