PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE

QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS

CERTIFICATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© An entrepreneurial minded professional focused on great communications, building knowledge and skills from

the ground up, and team work. Extremely adept at building long-term mutually beneficial relationships that
focus on customer satisfaction. Proven ability to adapt to new business plans and current market conditions
to maximize profits.

e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
© AGRICULTURAL COMMODITY RISK MANAGER/OWNER 06/2009 to PRESENT

Jpmorgan Chase & Co. | Buffalo, NY

e Created and Managed a 3-person agricultural trading firm that relied heavily on speed and accuracy to
process the 500+ contracts traded daily.

e Managed the research, planning, execution and employee development to assure our company goals
were met.

e Built and maintained great work and personal relationships with key market participants, back office
support staff, trading floor support staff, and industry regulators.

e Develop the planning and direction of proprietary trading and trading operations on grain and other
commodity futures.

e Use knowledge of local and regional grain production to develop strategies around futures.

e Gather and guarantee the reliability of information sources to maintain proper strategies that align with
current market conditions in order to achieve maximum profitability.

e Analyze fundamental and technical data to formulate a daily strategy in all positioned commodities.

e Monitor cash grain basis to manage flat price risk of various positions through short-term and long-term
market trends.

e Perform price discovery and bid/offer maintenance to enhance risk management and pricing.

e Negotiate and execute the purchase and sell of commodities from/to targeted markets in optimal trading
environments in order to avoid any slippage.

¢ Daily recording and reconciliation of all transactions to ensure accurate accounting with all cross
functional teams.

e Ensure that daily trades are in compliance with rules and regulations set forth by all governing entities.

e Strong organizational and multi-tasking skills to maintain maximum efficiency.

e Logistics management of commodity contracts on all spread, option, and futures positions with a self-
created, in house, and real time position tracker.

e Created framework in Excel for risk assessment to identify market opportunities.

CONTRACTED MARKET MAKER / RISK MANAGER 06/2002 to 06/2009
Webster Capital LLC | City, STATE

e Created 200% yearly profit for company on funds allocated to me for trading and risk management.

e Developed the job performance framework for all new employees.

e Trained and mentored more than 15 new employees to ensure maximum efficiency and profitability.

e —Initialized and created the Market Highlighter project, which trained new employees in recognizing and
analyzing market trends.

e Executed profitable trend-following strategies in both fixed income and agricultural derivatives markets
utilizing a proprietary trading system designed to capture market volatility.

e Performed in-depth macro-trend analysis while monitoring multiple markets in real-time in order to
develop and maintain a profitable strategy.

e Analyzed daily trades to assess returns versus expected value.

e Strategically sought out new business ideas that would profitably enhance company assets.

e Daily accurate record keeping and reporting of all business transactions.

e Developed a clear understanding of local, national, world markets trends.

¢ Collaborated with colleagues regarding market trends, research, and risks to aid in the development of
trading strategies.

« Mentored all new hires to ensure company procedures and goals were met.

¢ Strictly adhered to compliance policies, safety systems and programs.

e Constantly worked on individual personal development within the company.

TRQDE SUPPORT 10/1999 to 05/2002
Trader Support Services | City, STATE

e Supported 10+ traders in managing various positions across NYSE, NASDAQ, CME, CBOE and CBOT
exchanges.

¢ Built individualized advanced spreadsheets that detailed current position and estimated risk.

e Constantly delivered news, fills, and position details via phone and email maintaining company
efficiency.

e Worked closely with the financial operations team to manage various projects across multiple business
streams (Pricing, Asset Coding, OTC, Collateral, Reconciliations, Client file interface).

e Adjusted internal practices to adapt to regulation in multiple financial fields.

e Aggressively made outbound phone calls to deliver and receive timely market information.

e Understood customer requirements in order to collaborate and add value to both the customer and firm.

e Established an in-depth understanding of financial instruments to develop operational procedures
mitigating cash and reputational risk.

Bachelor of Science | Agricultural Economics 1996
Purdue University, Lafayette, IN
Agricultural Economics

GrCin Merchant Certification 2016 White Commercial Basis Trading and administration in grain
business Member of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Registered floor broker = Series Ill

Leadership Operations Management Training and Development Risk Management Strategic Planning Data
Analysis Relationship Management Organization Advanced Excel Spreadsheets Negotiation Research Multi-
Tasking Regulatory Compliance Forecasting Reconciliations

accounting, commodities, contracts. Client, Data Analysis, derivatives. direction, email, financial, financial
operations, fixed income, Forecasting, forth, functional, funds, futures, Leadership, Regulatory Compliance,
Logistics management, managing, analyzing market, market trends, Market, Excel Spreadsheets, Excel,
Exchange, office, Multi-Tasking, Negotiation, Operations Management, organizational, policies. Pricing, profit,
Coding, real-time. real time, record keeping, recording, Relationship Management, reporting, Research, risk
assessment, Risk Management, safety, spreadsheets, strategy, Strategic Planning, phone, trading floor,
trading system, employee development, trend