PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© A goal-oriented and innovative academic leader focused on engaging with all stakeholders to meet learning

objectives and drive student progress. Committed to providing empowering educational leadership and
managing top-performing faculty to cultivate student rapport and promote successful education delivery.
Motivated leader with top-notch communication, organizational and strategic planning abilities.

« Verbal and written communication e Relationship building and networking
« Curriculum Development e¢ Multitasking ability
« Student records management e Discipline management
« Classroom technology e Student and parent relations
« Staff Development facilitation and presentations « Standardized Testing
e Academic administration « Documentation
) ACADEMIC UIL & TMSCA COORDINATOR 08/2018 to CURRENT

Empire Today | Houston, TX

e Implement and promote program courses, activities, and accomplishments, both internally and
externally, to boost recruitment and retention.

e Communicate directly with parents. students, and staff members to achieve success for students.

e Review UIL and TMSCA materials with students and staff members to support discovering correct
answers to problems.

e Organize and plan multi-district VIL and TMSCA competitions.

¢ Determine validity and reliability of data gathering methods.

e Analyze budget and implement financial plans for academic programs and related events.

HICH SCHOOL & MIDDLE SCHOOL SCIENCE EDUCATOR 08/2013 to CURRENT
Callisburg ISD | City, STATE

e Collaborate with all stakeholders to provide a safe and educational experience.

e Built relationships and communicate with parents to provide the best learning environment for children.

¢ Differentiate instruction to meet the needs of diverse learners.

e Monitor and assess understanding of complex concepts and adjust lessons accordingly.

e Use designated student database and AWARE to document student grades.

e Communicate frequently with parents, students, and faculty to provide feedback and discuss
instructional strategies.

e Administer standardized tests in accordance with STAAR testing programs.

e Increased STARR scores for middle school science by 40%.

e Evaluate students' academic and social growth, keep appropriate records and prepare progress reports
to gauge performance.

SACES REPRESENTATIVE 05/2007 to 07/2013
Kiser Arena Specialists | City, STATE

e Met with existing customers and prospects to discuss business needs and recommend optimal
solutions.

e Created professional sales presentations and seminars to effectively demonstrate product features and
competitive advantages.

e Implemented marketing strategies and techniques, increasing revenue and customer satisfaction.

e Determined problem areas and resolved issues related to profitability and business objective
achievement.

e Trained and mentored new sales representatives.

ACRICULTURAL SCIENCE TEACHER 07/2005 to 06/2007
Lewisville Independent School District | City, STATE

e Taught students about various agricultural techniques through various experiments.

e Initiated and moderated classroom discussions to facilitate dialogue and understanding of taught
material.

e Participated in VATAT professional conferences to gain knowledge about latest inventions in agricultural
field.

e Organized numerous agricultural fairs and competitions to provide hands-on experience and enlighten
students about subject.

Masters in Educational Leadership | Educational Administration 04/2021
Texas A&M University - Commerce, Commerce, TX

Ba helor of Science | Agricultural Science 08/2004
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX

e Texas Principal Certification - temporary based on passed 268 (June 2021) . awaiting scores on PASL
(May 2022)

e Texas 6-12 Vocational Agricultural Production Certification- current

e Texas 4-8 Generalists Certification- current

e Texas EC-12 Special Education Certification- current

e Crisis Prevention Intervention Certification- current

e District Mentor Teacher- Increased effectiveness of classroom teachers as evidence through their
individual annual observations.

e District AWARE Software Mentor- Developed district wide professional development to increase unit and
benchmark exam knowledge among educators.

e Curriculum & Instruction- Developed individual academic plans for grade level and science department.
Created multiple Professional Learning Community (PLC) presentations to engage educators.

e Academic Presenter- Developed and presented a multitude of different professional development
presentations on a state and national level.