PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Knowledgeable and dedicated customer service professional with extensive experience in multiple industries.
Solid team player with outgoing, positive demeanor and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients.
Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Specialize in quality, speed
and process optimization. Articulate, energetic and results-oriented with exemplary passion for developing
relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

« Active Listening e Data Entry
« Written Communication e« Self-Motivated
e Interpersonal Communication e Customer Service Experience
« Organization and Time Management « Concise Communication
e« Teamwork and Collaboration e Prioritization
« Good Telephone Etiquette e Decision Making Skills
« Training and Development e Client Networks
« Critical Thinking e Strong Analytical Skills
« Problem-Solving e« Organizational Skills.
« Google Workspace e Troubleshooting
« MS Office e Written And Verbal Communication
e Flexible and Adaptable e Problem Solving
GENERAL CONTRACTOR 01/2017 to CURRENT

Super Service Today | Quincy, MA Las Vegas, NV

e Kept site work safe and in line with budget, schedule and applicable building codes.

e Hired and oversaw subcontractors to meet project needs.

e Assessed home project plans, spoke with clients or designers and visited job site to better understand
project scope and client desires.

e Maintained optimal cost controls by making affordable supplier purchases and negotiating lower prices.

e Implemented changes requested by designers, owners or inspectors to conform to specifications or
updated demands.

e Managed talented teams of electricians, carpenters, plumbers and other craftsmen on residential
projects.

e Reviewed contractor invoices, approving payments on acceptable work.

e Reduced costs by 43% by carefully managing resources.

STOCK TRADER 01/2015 to CURRENT
Self Employed Web | City, STATE Las Vegas, NV

e Assessed hourly market conditions to look for hedge and arbitrage opportunities.

e Delivered expert analysis of market conditions by gathering key data, analyzing trends, creating reports
and offering comprehensive evaluations.

e Made fast decisions based on fluctuating market resulting in consistent profit.

e Generated revenue by analyzing individual stock, sector and current market conditions.

e Devised detailed hedge and trade strategies for specific trades.

e Created daily market recaps and profit and loss information at close of each trading day.

e Formulated algorithms to search for real-time mathematical indicators and flag trades worth executing.

e Identified market leaders by utilizing and analyzing data from various trading platforms.

e Developed and maintained strong knowledge of multiple products and varying levels of benefits within
each product.

AGRICULTURAL FIELD TECHNICIAN 12/2008 to 01/2017
Self Employed Services | City, STATE Las Vegas, NV

e Provided follow-up appointments with clients to confirm finished projects met expectations.

e Mentored newly hired employees and contractors in irrigation systems, shrubbery and horticulture.

e« Prepared documentation for various regulatory approvals.

e« Calculated volume take-off and cost estimates for small to large landscape, irrigation and hardscape
projects.

e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

« Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

e Worked flexible hours; night. weekend. and holiday shifts.

e Researched land ordinances and partnered with zoning officials to meet municipal Zoning codes.

e Created and implemented variety of landscaping designs based on residential and commercial
customer specifications, climate. location and budget.

« Created concept designs and estimated projects for residential and commercial customers.

e« Used machetes and pruning shears to shear tree tops and limb tips, increasing limb health and
improving overall shape.

e Worked closely with clients in materials and plantings selection and made suggestions on best options
for environment.

e Utilized safety practices with no complaints or accidents.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions

High School Diploma 06/2009
Continental Academy , Miami, FL