JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dependable manufacturing team player & Lead.. Knowledgeable and well-versed in reading schematics, assembling items, and performing
quality control reviews. Safety-oriented and well-organized with excellent time management and communication skills.

Personable and dedicated Customer Service Representative with extensive experience in the Retail Industry. Solid team player with upbeat,
positive attitude and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company
success. Specialized in quality, speed, and process optimization. Articulate, enthusiastic and results-oriented with demonstrated passion for
building relationships, cultivating partnerships, and growing businesses.

SKILLS
¢ Product quality control e Preventative maintenance
« Manpower planning e Attention to detail
e Assembly processes e Programming
« Equipment and machine troubleshooting ¢ Safety protocols
* Quality assurance e Hazardous materials handling
e Machinery maintenance e Excel in Leadership & Employee Training
¢ Housekeeping
EXPERIENCE

03/2017 to 11/2019 Warehouse Lead
Ryder System — Clarksville, TN
e Tracked warehouse contents continually, maintained constant awareness of stock levels and performed formal
inventory review on a daily basis.
¢ Demonstrated full store expertise on merchandise locations, enabling optimum service to inquiring customers.
© Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.
e Successfully led key projects which resulted in positive outcomes.C
e Co Planned and executed all site activities with Warehouse Manager & Site Manager.

11/2019 to Current Agricultural Technician
Kanequip — Service, MS
© Operated motorized vehicles and equipment such as Forklifts, Tractors, Field Mowers, & Field Drills.
e Planted seeds, bulbs. ground covers and trees.
¢ Demonstrated full store expertise on merchandise locations, enabling optimum service to inquiring customers.
e Planned and executed planting time frames.
© Successfully led key projects which resulted in positive outcomes.

06/2016 to 03/2018 Attendant/Assistant Manager
Double Up Casino — City, STATE
e Maintained cleanliness, neatness and organization of all areas.
e Eliminated safety hazards, removed soiled items and collected trash from customer areas.
e¢ Completed day-to-day tasks by leveraging knowledge of site management.
© Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues.
e Resolved all customer issues to maintain high standards of customer satisfaction.
e Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.
e Trained newly hired room attendants on company policies, cleaning procedures and customer service techniques.
¢ Welcomed guests, provided answers to questions, and anticipated guests’ service needs.
e Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.
e Trained new employees in procedures and policies in order to maximize team performance.

02/2014 to 05/2016 Welder,Electrician,Painter,Assembler, Tester
Overbuilt INC. — City, STATE

e Planned and executed on going projects.

e Tracked warehouse contents continually. Maintained constant awareness of stock levels and requested needed
supplies.

¢ Conducted visual inspections and checked for product defects.

¢ Completed quality assurance and design compliance checks every day.

e Kept eye on material levels, counted supplies and restocked components to maintain production.

© Operated air, manual, and hydraulic tools to put together and align assemblies.

e Maintained neat, organized and clean work areas to avoid safety concerns or production delays.

© Operate equipment such as a Forklift, Steel Crusher, Steel Baler. Safely checked regularly for operational issues.

* Monitored functioning of all equipment.

e Performed product testing and performance testing and recorded all results.

© Quality checked Steel Balers components to determine conformance to specifications, disposing of any
unacceptable parts.

e Used Overbuilt Inc's machinery safely and according to manufacturer instructions to prevent workplace accidents.

e Assisted newly hired team members by explaining company procedures and safety requirements and delivered
positive feedback upon job task completion.

e Cleaned work areas following each shift by removing debris and trash and sweeping up metal parts.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Business Administration And Management
National College of Business - Sioux Falls, SD

1991 Associate of Applied Science: Welding Technology
Mitchell Technical Institute - Mitchell, SD

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Overbuiltoutcomes

¢ Machine Operation - Entered operating instructions into computers to start and adjust welding machines.

e Training - Trained new CNC Operators on safe and efficient handling of machines.

¢ Problem Diagnosis - Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly of Car
Crushers & Balers...

¢ Protective Services - Applied safety procedures and policies as outlined in Department Safety Manual.