WEBSITE, PORTFOLIO,
PROFILES

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

¢ Clairescatering blogspot.com

Driven Executive Soufs Chef and Insurance broker with over 10+ years of experience offering personalized,
courteous service. Expert at managing nutritional and meal planning service as well as insurance sales cycle,
prospecting and follow-up support. Skillful in advising current and potential clients on insurance coverage
plans and processing applications, payments and corrections. Resourceful and versatile professional with
reputation for consistently achieving aggressive sales goals.

e Agent Collaboration e Insurance Policy Sales
e Industry Monitoring e Life Insurance
e Claims Reporting Systems e Insurance Coverage Verification
e Claims Information Gathering e Excellent Communication Talents
e Financial Needs Assessment ¢ Client Prospecting
e Premium Calculations ¢ Policyholder Communication
INDEPENDENT INSURANCE AGENT 08/2021 to CURRENT

Pyramid Hotel Group | Milwaukee, WI

e Maintained high standards of customer service by building relationships with clients.

e Responded to customer calls swiftly to resolve issues and answer questions.

e Sold auto, home. life and other various insurance products to individuals and affinity groups within
assigned territory using consultative selling techniques.

e Obtained underwriting approval by completing application for coverage.

e Spent ample time with each customer, verbally reviewing and explaining documents for client
comprehension.

e Determined client needs and financial situations by listening and scheduling fact-finding appointments.

e Approached potential clients by using direct marketing mailings and phone contacts.

e Worked to accommodate new and different insurance requests and explored new value opportunities to
optimize insurance agency reputation.

e Explained advantages, features and disadvantages of various policies to promote sale of plans.
boosting overall sales by 87%.

¢ Cultivated new business by offering presentations on financial well-being to individuals and groups on
term and whole life insurance.

e Displayed consistent, positive attitude towards customers, peers and other personnel, even during
high-stress situations.

e Met and exceeded revenue goals by 88% through generating new leads and identifying new clients.

EXQCUTIVE SOUS CHEF 08/2018 to CURRENT
Hamm's Catering Service | City, STATE

e Plated every dish with attractive flair to meet strict restaurant standards and maintain stellar business
reputation.

e Established and updated staff schedules and assignments to optimize coverage of peak times.

e Maintained high food quality standards by checking delivery contents to verify product quality and
quantity.

e Oversaw business operations, inventory control, and customer service for restaurant.

e Delivered excellent food quality and maximized customer satisfaction by preparing meals according to
customer requests.

e Prevented cross-contamination from utensils, surfaces and pans when cooking and plating meals for
food allergy sufferers.

e Initiated training for new team members on culinary techniques to improve productivity and increase
kitchen workflows.

e Collaborated with staff members to create meals for large banquets.

e Assisted customers in planning corporate events, social galas and gourmet dinners.

e Generated employee schedules, work assignments and determined appropriate compensation rates.

e Increased profits and efficiency 95% by building optimal inventory control model.

e Produced revolutionary menu offerings to put establishments on local, regional and national map.

RCDFING CONTRACTOR 02/2021 to 09/2022
Geoff Roofing | City, STATE

e Safely used all tools and equipment to prevent worksite injuries.

e Installed, repaired, and replaced single-ply roofing systems.

e Installed high-quality roofing systems, paying careful attention to hazards and other safety concerns.

e Precisely cut felt, shingles and strips of flashing to fit angles formed by walls. vents and intersecting roof
surfaces.

e Fastened composition shingles and sheets to roof with asphalt, cement and nails.

e Repaired and restored roofing of residential and commercial buildings.

e Designated and managed material staging areas.

e Trained and oversaw individuals in roofing system installations.

e Conducted regular inspections and troubleshot building roofing systems for commercial and residential
customers.

e Consistently stayed under budget by monitoring job progress and controlling costs.

e Provided accurate information to estimators for major change orders.

e Coordinated work and project schedules for numerous clients and subcontractors.

ACQICULTURAL FIELD SUPERVISOR 09/2009 to 01/2021
Best Farms | City, STATE

e Explained and demonstrated working techniques, practices and safety measures for permanent and
migrant agricultural workers.

e Hired, trained, and supervised seasonal workers engaged in cultivation and harvest.

e Planned schedule for crop rotation, plantings and harvest.

e Worked closely with employees to improve practices, techniques and safety choices, optimizing
performance and minimizing waste.

e Purchased supplies such as seed, pesticides and fertilizer.

e Led team of 25 skilled and unskilled farm personnel.

e Analyzed soil to measure pH, minerals, and organics to judge best fertilizer and amendments for
maximum crop production.

Insurance License | Finance 08/2021
World Financial Group Training Academy, Halifax

LeCel 4 Certificate | Food Preparation And Nutrition Management 04/2010
H.E.A.R.T Trust NTA, Kingston, Jamaica

Hi,» School Diploma 05/2002
Tarrant High School, Kingston, Jamaica