Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Experienced Agricultural Laborer with skills in operating farm machinery and tending livestock. Grows quality crops through
effective irrigation, fertilizing and inspection techniques. Hard worker maintaining animal wellness by administering vaccines,
disinfecting pens and providing fresh food.

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal
skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.

Skills
e Hand and Power Tools ¢ Crop Irrigation
¢ Hay Mowing and Baling ¢ Supply Management
e Strong Work Ethic e Physical Stamina
e Farm Equipment Maintenance ¢ Irrigation Systems
e Order Filling ¢ Produce Sales
¢ Crop Planting and Harvesting e Agricultural Product Sales
¢ Disease and Infestation Identification ¢ Decision Making
e Production and Distribution Processes ¢ Staff Supervision
e Equipment Maintenance and Repair e Herbicide Application
¢ Operational Recordkeeping e Management Support
¢ Farm Vehicle Operation e GPS Navigation
e Pesticide and Fertilizer Application e Pest Management
e Teamwork and Collaboration ¢ Plowing, Harrowing and Fertilizing
e Clear Communication e Effective Multitasking
e¢ Time Management e Attention to Detail
¢ Landscaping e Greenhouse Management

Experience

Agricultural Worker, 01/2002 to Current
Hillel: The Foundation For Jewish Campus Life —- Lawrence, KS
¢ Cared for livestock by regularly feeding and watering animals.
e Repaired buildings, fences and other pertinent structures to keep animals properly contained.
e Assisted with all types of harvest by collecting, sorting and packing crops.
e Checked fields regularly to spot and handle broken fencing to keep out destructive animals.
¢ Operated bulldozer to properly deploy waste products at compactors.
¢ Directed and monitored work of casual and seasonal help during planting and harvesting.
e Identified plants, pests and weeds to determine selection and application of pesticides and fertilizers.
¢ Mixed animal feed, additives and medicines in prescribed portions.
¢ Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize soil.
¢ Ordered food for farm animals and arranged for delivery.
e Applied pesticides to rid grounds of mosquitoes, wasps and ticks.
¢ Monitored and adjusted irrigation systems, distributing water according to crop needs.
e Applied fertilizer to ground to enhance growth.
e Examined livestock for signs of injury and disease.
¢ Removed roots, rocks and debris from field in preparation for planting.
e Harvested and inspected crops by hand for quality purposes.
¢ Picked fruits and vegetables on assigned plots and checked plants for signs of pest and disease.
e Installed, cleaned and maintained irrigation equipment to maximize functionality.
¢ Monitored and adjusted irrigation systems, properly distributing water according to crop needs.
¢ Marked timber for stand improvement, general thinning and economic purposes.
¢ Felt plants’ leaves and noted coloring to detect presence of insects or disease.
¢ Maintained accurate records for organic certification.
e Operated tractors and other farm equipment to plow fields, dig ditches and move trees.
e Cut and split wood for cold weather heating purposes.
¢ Planted and watered seeds using hand watering and irrigation systems.

¢ Loaded and unloaded feed, chemicals and equipment from trucks.

Opperator, Quality Control Officer, 09/1993 to 09/2005
Plastech Corporation — City, STATE
e Measured and graded batches of raw materials to feed into production machinery.
¢ Inspected finished products to verify conformity to quality standards.
¢ Observed and troubleshot equipment and machines to detect malfunctions and notify appropriate personnel of needed repairs.
¢ Taught new employees machine operation techniques and important business procedures.
e Updated and documented inspection results by accurately completing reports.
e Learned and followed safety and emergency procedures.
¢ Motivated and encouraged new junior employees.
¢ Troubleshot and diagnosed equipment malfunctions to minimize downtime.
¢ Reported failures, malfunctions or wear issues on equipment to supervisor.
e Maintained production and quality documentation.
¢ Retained safe and clean work area in accordance with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs).
¢ Utilized hand and power tools and heavy machinery during manufacturing processes.
¢ Kept up to date on all compliance regulations and institutional policies, implemented new procedures to meet adjusted
standards and communicated changes to personnel.
¢ Handled various mechanical and technical machinery during manufacturing process.
¢ Rotated among various workstations, performing work necessary to meet production needs.
* Maintained equipment by performing quality assurance checks and reporting damaged or broken equipment to repair
companies.
¢ Confirmed the required specifications and measurements of materials that were ordered for projects.
¢ Monitored product flow through feed conveyor.
¢ Checked control panel and gauges during equipment operation.

Manager of Operations, 06/1990 to 12/2003

Trapper Jim's Hunt Club — City, STATE
¢ Analyzed, compiled and presented statistical, financial and production processing reports to senior leadership.
e Engaged with existing and potential clients to gain insight into needs.
¢ Hired and onboarded team members to meet immediate and expected demand.
¢ Evaluated and enhanced workflow to implement best practices, reduce costs and increase staff motivation and satisfaction.
* Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
¢ Recruited, hired and trained crew members on application of projects, customer relations and customer service.
e Addressed customer concerns with suitable solutions.
¢ Guided employees on understanding and meeting changing customer needs and expectations.
¢ Connected with clients and developed strategies to achieve sales and customer service goals.

Education and Training

High School Diploma: 06/1991
Caro High School, Skilled Trades, Delta - Caro, MI
e Major in Engineering, Food Service Management, Advertising.

Caro Technology Center/Skilled Trades - Caro, MI

Delta College - Saginaw, MI