PROFESSIONAL

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Skilled construction professional removing asbestos from residential, commercial and government buildings
Safely and efficiently. Good problem-solving and multitasking abilities. Bilingual employee offering numerous
years of related experience. Strategic Supervisor with expertise prioritizing projects, planing workflow and
managing employees to achieve operational goals. Reliable employee seeking Asbestos Worker position.
Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

« Construction management e Organization and Time management
« Commercial construction e Priority Management
« Safety and compliance e Tear down and set up
e Residential construction e Power and hand tools
e Effective communication e Demolition
) ASBESTOS ABATEMENT WORKER 02/2022 to 05/2022

PW Stephens Environmental | City, STATE

e Complied with environmental laws and regulations concerning asbestos and hazardous waste removal.

e Identified materials requiring removal or special handling.

e Utilized personal protective equipment during building demolition and asbestos removal.

e Constructed and placed containment corridors between worksites to properly contain asbestos and
hazardous materials.

e Removed asbestos using hand and power tools or specialty equipment.

e Cleaned mold-contaminated sites by removing damaged porous materials or thoroughly cleaning
contaminated nonporous materials.

e Operated power tools, industrial cleaning equipment and sprayers to remove harmful substances from
surfaces.

ASOESTOS ABATEMENT SUPERVISOR 03/2021 to 03/2022
1-888-4-Abatement Inc | City, STATE

The Asbestos Supervisor is responsible for supervising crew members during the performance of asbestos.
mold, lead, and/or other hazardous waste removals while adhering to company policies and procedures
regarding remediation while overseeing job set-up and quality control.
e Verified OSHA compliance for worksite and coworkers to establish safe environment.
e Identified materials requiring removal or special handling.
e Constructed and placed containment corridors between worksites to properly contain asbestos and
hazardous materials.
e Utilized personal protective equipment during building demolition and asbestos removal.
e Utilized power tools during asbestos removal to completely remove all hazardous materials.
e Educated bystanders and coworkers on short- and long-term hazards of asbestos.
e Trained workers in proper methods, equipment operation and safety procedures.
e Managed safety and security of location to prevent intrusion, criminal activity, vandalism and injuries to
workers.
e Oversaw daily operations at site, keeping team production moving at optimal pace.
e Inspected sights to evaluate safety, operations and crew performance against objectives.

ASOESTOS ABATEMENT WORKER 11/2017 to 02/2021
J&L Labor | City, STATE

e Complied with all environmental laws and regulations concerning asbestos and hazardous waste
removal.

e Identified materials requiring removal or special handling.

e Verified OSHA compliance for worksite and coworkers to establish safe environment.

e Prepared work areas with proper containment procedures and filtration systems.

e Tested air quality to check for complete removal of all asbestos.

e Removed asbestos using hand and power tools or specialty equipment.

e Collected all waste in approved disposal bags and sealed with correct procedures.

e — Utilized personal protective equipment during building demolition and asbestos removal.

e Secured and contained asbestos and hazardous materials for transport.

e Softened and removed asbestos by spraying then scraping asbestos off surfaces.

e Monitored contaminated area to determine scope of hazard and progress of cleaning efforts against
targets.

e Cleaned contaminated equipment or areas for reuse using detergents or solvents, sandblasters or
steam cleaners.

e Located and removed radioactive materials, contaminated soil and fuel.

e Recorded numbers of containers stored at disposal sites, specifying amounts or types of equipment or
waste disposed.

e Contained dangerous materials on site by building structures or walls to restrict access prior to removal
processes.

e Adhered to all defined safety protocols, company requirements and federal and local laws to maintain
safe and controlled environments.

e Cleaned mold-contaminated sites by removing damaged porous materials or thoroughly cleaning
contaminated nonporous materials.

e Evaluated hazardous conditions to develop successful mitigation strategy and maintain public safety
throughout procedures.

AGRICULTURAL FIELD WORKER 02/2013 to 11/2017
Servpro | City, STATE

e Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize
soil.

e Weeded vegetable and herb gardens to provide healthy environment for plant growth.

e Used machetes and pruning shears to shear tree tops and limb tips. increasing limb health and
improving overall shape.

e Applied organic growing practices to plant variety of heirloom herbs, vegetables and fruits.

e Transported and loaded harvested items into delivery trucks.

e Assisted with maintenance and installation of irrigation equipment.

e Printed labels, packaged boxes and loaded into outbound containers.

e Planted, cultivated and harvested various types of trees, shrubs and plants.

e Identified plant diseases and researched methods for mitigation.

e Pulled orders quickly to maintain demanding productivity goals.

e Branched farm out into new areas by adding tours, special events and customer activities.

e Operated farm equipment such as tractors and trucks with extreme care and precision.

ASOESTOS WORKER 01/2009 to 02/2013
Company Name | City, State

« Complied with all environmental laws and regulations concerning asbestos and hazardous waste
removal.

e  |dentified materials requiring removal or special handling.

e« Softened and removed asbestos by spraying then scraping asbestos off surfaces.

« Collected all waste in approved disposal bags and sealed with correct procedures.

e« Constructed and placed containment corridors between worksites to properly contain asbestos and
hazardous materials.

e« Removed asbestos using hand and power tools or specialty equipment.

« Prepared work areas with proper containment procedures and filtration systems.

« Secured and contained asbestos and hazardous materials for transport.

« Adhered to all defined safety protocols, company requirements and federal and local laws to maintain
safe and controlled environments.

e« Cleaned mold-contaminated sites by removing damaged porous materials or thoroughly cleaning
contaminated nonporous materials.

« Cleaned contaminated equipment or areas for reuse using detergents or solvents, sandblasters or
steam cleaners.

« Operated power tools, industrial cleaning equipment and sprayers to remove harmful substances from
surfaces.

GED 05/2012
Lodi High School, Lodi, CA