SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

I have a wide range of experience in several fields, mechanical field, teaching and management areas.

Although I have not owned the business that I am running, I feel that I have managed this business successfully.

I was a very effective Vocational Teacher for 33 years, motivating and training hundreds of students.

I am hardworking and reliable in every job that I have had. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.
I am seeking employment as a delivery/parts driver and shop help.

SKILLS
¢ Mechanical Skills, shop machinery, Arc Welding, mechanical e Basic Mathematics
repair. * Quality Control
¢ Customer Service ¢ Product Defect Identification
« Good Judgment ¢ Problem-Solving
« Customer Relationship Management e Hand and Power Tool Operation
« Calm Under Pressure e Inventory Control
¢ Computer Skills e Dependable and Reliable
¢ Hiring and Training ¢ Safety Protocols
¢ Problem Resolution e OSHA Compliance
¢ Professional and Courteous e¢ Mechanical Assembly

e Sheet Metal Fabrication
¢ Machine Assembly

EXPERIENCE

06/2017 to Current

07/1985 to 06/2017

06/1984 to 07/1985

05/1978 to 05/1980

Manager
Pariveda Solutions — Los Angeles, CA
¢ Iam in charge of the daily operating procedures for Big Kountry Shooting. We are an inside shooting Range and
Gun store. I am responsible for Merchandise purchase and pricing, Inventory, and display design.
I am responsible for acquiring and
maintaining employees and keeping work
schedules, as well as completing employee
payroll and make bank deposits every two
weeks.
As part of a retail gun store, I am
responsible for accurate records on the
firearm inventory, and disposition of
firearms to customers. This requires
contacting the ATF for background checks
and maintain these records.
I am also responsible for maintaining the
basic building repairs and cleanliness.
I maintain my NRA Handgun training
Certification and Department Of Public
Safety Handgun Licensing Certification. I
teach Basic Handgun classes as well as TX
License to Carry Classes on a monthly
basis. I have certified over 600 License to
Carry Applicants in the past 5 years. I am
also a TX Hunter Education Instructor, with
over 750 certifications to date.
e Listed below are also a few other responsibilities in this management job:
¢ Oversaw efficient receiving and inventory management to keep stock within optimal levels.
¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
e¢ Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively
diffusing situations.
e Planned and implemented store layout enhancements to promote efficiency and maximize space utilization.
e Streamlined ordering and Inventory procedures to identify top sellers and reduce over-stock.
e Examined merchandise to correctly price and display products.
¢ Greeted and encouraged feedback from customers to implement in-store operational changes.
e Handled over $1000 in funds each day in fast-paced retail environment.

Agricultural Science Teacher
Broadridge — Long Beach, CA

e I was the lead Agricultural Science Teacher at Brazoswood High School for 32 years. I taught a variety of classes. I
taught Meat Processing, which was instructing students on a career in the Meat Processing Industry. We covered all
aspects of the industry, including slaughter, & processing of meat animals, inspection procedures, sanitation and
retail aspects of the industry. I also trained and certified students in the ServSafe Curriculum, making them more
employable in the food service field.

¢ While at Brazoswood High School, I also taught Agricultural Mechanics. I taught students how to operate shop
machinery safely and efficiently. I taught Oxyacetlene rig use, Plasma, Arc welding, wood working, and other
skills to help students be successful in the plants. We build many projects in the shop and exhibited those projects
at the Brazoria County Fair and the Houston Livestock Show. I also certified students in NCCER Core instruction.

© Other classes taught were Animal Science, Wildlife & Recreational Management and Livestock Production. All of
these classes involved 'hands on’ experiences for the students.

e I was also Advisor to the Brazoswood FFA Chapter. The FFA is a premier youth organization that trains students to
be leaders in the community. We went to many leadership contest and Career Development contest. I also trained
the FFA Shooting Sports team, and have 5 State Championships to my credit. I started this program in 2008 and it
is still active today.

¢ I hold an Honorary FFA Degree from the Brazoswood FFA Chapter.

Agricultural Science Teacher
Needville Independent School District — City, STATE
e I was one of three Ag Teachers at Needville High School. I taught Ag Mechanics, Farm Power, and Intro to
Agriculture. In Farm Power, we repaired and restored Agricultural Equipment, such as Tractors, Combines and
other Ag equipment.
e I was an advisor to the Needville FFA Chapter and hold an Honorary FFA Degree from that chapter.

Machinist
Prototype Machine Company — City, STATE
e This employment was each summer, 1978-82.
e I was a lathe operator and machined parts for Oil Field Surveying Equipment. Our primary clients were
Schlumberger, & Sperry Sun.
e Gauged and maintained tolerances on grinding diameters, depths. squareness and parallelism.
© Calibrated machinery to optimize performance according to prescribed standards and specific project needs.
e Constructed appropriate offset corrections for tool wear, broken tools and casting variations.
e Sustained lockout and tag-out safety protocols by properly using equipment and materials.
© Operated forklift to place finished products on skids and transport to warehouse.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/1984

Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Education
Texas A&M University - College Station, TX

AcTIVITIES AND Honors

e Texas Vocational Agricultural Science Teachers Association- Board of Directors 20 years
¢ Honorary Chapter FFA Degree- Brazoswood FFA, Needville FFA & Baytown Lee FFA

e Brazoria County Fair Board of Directors- 10 years

e Brazoria County Fair President- 1998

e Founding Member of the Wayne M. Hunt Memorial Scholarship Foundation, President.

e TX Hunter Education Instructor- Volunteer- since 1988, with over 750 certifications

e Tx License to Carry Instructor- since 2018 with over 600 certifications.