SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

ACTIVITIES AND ©

HONORS

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

My name is Jessica Claireand | am a Sophomore at Indiana University, Bloomington. | am double majoring in
Psychology and Jewish Studies. minoring in Hebrew, and am a student in the Hutton Honors College. | believe
that | am a healer: both physically through my work as an EMT, and mentally through my psychology major
and aspiration to work in wilderness therapy. | have passion and energy with all that | do, and | believe that my
presence and skills are extremely valuable to a team/work environment.

e First Aid/CPR Certification e Reliable & Trustworthy
e Basic Life Support Certification « Good Work Ethic
« Emergency Medical Technician Certification e Critical Thinking
« Flexible Schedule e Active Listening
« People Skills e High level experience in speaking Spanish and
« Supervision & Leadership Hebrew
« Friendly, Positive Attitude e Guitar and Ukulele Player
INDIANA UNIVERSITY REC-SPORTS: FIRST RESPONDER 09/2022 to CURRENT

Spring Education Group | Yorba Linda, CA

« Keeping participants and staff of Indiana University Recreational Sports safe is the utmost importance of
first responders.

« EMT's Supervise the sports facilities and respond to injuries and harmful issues that occur.

e« They work in a diverse environment and contribute positively to the safe experience one should endure
when using the facilities at Indiana University Recreational Sports.

INCIANA UNIVERSITY CHABAD - BOARD MEMBER 08/2022 to CURRENT
Amita Health | Elmhurst, IL

« Chabad Board Members collectively share the mission to create a welcoming and thriving environment
for Indiana University's Jewish community.

e« Responsibilities include work on outreach, Israel programming, planning Shabbat dinners, and extra-
curricular classes.

FRATERNITY RELIGIOUS CHAIR 11/2021 to CURRENT
Sam Ash Music | Madison, TN

e Religious chair's responsibilities include running religious celebratory programs for the fraternity
(celebrations for Hanukkah, Purim, Tu B’Shvat, etc), weekly chapter announcements, Hebrew
education, and Israeli news updates.

M.CDTCABI TASK FORCE INTERN 08/2022 to CURRENT
Indiana University Hillel | City, STATE

e The Maccabee Task Force (MTF) was created in 2015 to combat the disturbing spread of Antisemitism
on college campuses. MTF believes the BDS movement is at the forefront of this troubling trend. MTF
maintains that BDS is an Antisemitic movement that crosses the line from legitimate criticism of Israel
into the dangerous demonization of Israel and its supporters.

e Interns help students combat this hate by bringing them the strategies and resources they need fo tell
the truth about Israel.

e Interns recruit for, lead engaging educational activities leading up to, and host reunion dinners for a 10-
day interfaith Israel trip that is held annually at the end of each summer.

INCIANA UNIVERSITY HILLEL BIRTHRIGHT STAFF MEMBER 08/2022 to CURRENT
Indiana University Hillel | City, STATE

e Taglit-Birthright Israel, also known as Birthright Israel or simply Birthright, is a not-for-profit educational
organization that sponsors free ten-day heritage trips to Israel, Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights for
young adults of Jewish heritage, aged 18-32.

e Birthright staff members help recruit students for the trip, facilitate preparation activities for the trip, and
host reunion dinners.

VCQUNTEER FARMER 05/2022 to 06/2022
Yael Horowitz | City, STATE

e The name of the family-owned farm, Im Haadama, translates to "With the Earth"

e im Haadama is a farm-to-table farm, inspiring ecological farm growing. They grow boutique mushrooms.
special vegetables, and heritage seeds

« The farm also holds spiritual workshops and seasonal festivals.

e Volunteers tended to the gardens, prepared mushroom boxes, and set up for festivals

e Loaded agricultural products into trucks to deliver products to markets or storage facilities.

e Weeded, thinned and pruned crops to verify proper sunlight and growth.

SLOIMER CAMP COUNSELOR 06/2021 to 08/2021
Joe Menashe | City, STATE

e The Staff at Ramah lies at the heart of the Ramah spirit. All staff members are carefully selected for
their maturity, creativity, Jewish background, and sense of responsibility.

e Counselors, most of whom were themselves Ramah campers, bring a variety of backgrounds to the
Ramah experience.

e Kept children hydrated and applied sunscreen before activities to prevent sun and heat-related issues.

e Helped campers build confidence and self-esteem through consistent guidance and mentoring.

e Engaged children in arts and crafts. singing, sports activities, games and field trips while maintaining
safe environment.

ANCBULANCE EMERGENCY MEDICAL RESPONDER 01/2021 to 05/2021
Magen David Adom | City, STATE

e Volunteers work as emergency medical responders in Tiberias, Israel. EMR's accompany EMT's and
ambulance drivers on ride alongs to provide emergency medical care to patients in need.

e Magen David Adom translates from Hebrew to English as the “Red Jewish Star", similar to America’s
Red Cross.

e Assessed patient needs and checked vital signs to determine treatment.

e Used stretchers and other medical appliances to safely remove patients from emergency scene.

e Documented medically relevant information to track medications.

VCQUNTEER AGRICULTURAL TEACHER 01/2021 to 05/2021
Yuval Cohen | City, STATE

e Volunteers work with high school students at a remote. trade-high school named Dror-Hagalil High
School located at Kibbutz Ravid, Israel.

e Volunteers assisted with student projects, and tended to farm-related duties at the school.

e Prepared and managed greenhouse and outdoor garden.

VECERINARY ASSISTANT 06/2020 to 08/2022
James Flasar | City, STATE

e Employees at the Chesterfield Veterinary Center supervise and give care to the pets who are being
medically treated and who are enrolled in overnight visits.

e Walking the pets, cleaning after them, preparing their rooms for stay, and providing basic medication
are all included in the job.

GLOTAR TEACHER 05/2020 to 09/2020
Self-employeed | City, STATE

e Taught guitar and ukulele teaching business for children and teenagers throughout St. Louis. With
twelve students: ages 8-16. Lessons were taught in person and via Zoom.

e Encouraged students to practice daily to improve technique.

e Encouraged passion for music in students by presenting various genres.

e Demonstrated scales and chords to students with focus on technique.

e Maintained inventory of strings, picks, instruction books and sheet music.

STONDWITHUS: ISRAEL ADVOCACY AND EDUCATION INTERN 08/2019 to 05/2020
Roz Rothstein | City, STATE

e StandWithUs is a non-profit, pro-lsrael advocacy and education organization based in Las Angeles.

e StandWithUs is an international, non-profit organization that believes that education is the road to
peace.

e Internship duties include planning and leading several Israel education activities at various youth
groups. schools. and clubs.

« Views @IU: Indiana University Hiking Club Member
« Psychedelics Club IU Member

Bachelor of Arts | Psychology, Jewish Studies, And Hebrew 05/2025
Indiana University , Bloomington

e Fall 2021 and Spring 2022 - Dean's List

e Hutton Honors College Student

e Dean's Scholarship Recipient

¢ Borns Jewish Studies Major Scholarship Recipient

e Hutton Honors College Professional Experience Internship Grant Recipient

Gi)-semester Pre-college Credit | Religious Studies 12/2020
Hebrew University , Jerusalem
e During gap year in Israel (Fall 2020 - Spring2021). students enrolled in 5 classes at Hebrew University's
Rothberg International School
e Notable Coursework: Hebrew, Arabic, Islamic Studies, Hasidic Studies, Jewish Texts and Historical
Contexts.
e Hebrew and Hasidism class credit was transferred as elective credit at Indiana University

Hic) School Diploma 05/2020
Parkway Central High School , Chesterfield, MO

e Fall, 2020 - Honor Roll

« 42GPA

e Pitcher for Parkway Central Baseball, 2018-2020

e Member of National English Honors Society, 2018-2020

e Member of National History Honors Society, 2018-2020

« Member of National Honors Society, 2018-2020

e President of Jewish Student Union, Fall 2019-Spring 2020

e Treasurer of Spanish Club, Fall 2019-Spring 2020

e Keynote Panelist for Parkway District Administrators and Educators