CAREER OVERVIEW

QUALIFICATIONS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WORK EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

SKILLS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated and reliable office administrative professional focused at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks
simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals.

e Adaptability and responsiveness « SQL, RPG 400, Dbase
« Ability to manage multiple assignments with Quick Basic, Lotus, Visual Basic, C++, Cobol,
solution Novell Netware, XHTML, WordPress
e Excellent communication skills e MS Office Access, Publisher, PowerPoint,
e Goal & Team-oriented Outlook, Word, Excel
e Ethical, Professional behavior ¢ Website Development
e Government procedures/Agriculture Programs Adobe Creative Suite Dreamweaver, InDesign
e Solutions-oriented approach emphasizing on lllustrator, Flash, Photoshop
customer needs e CRMs, ZOHO, AllOrders, SRS, iPoint
e Creative problem-solver with ability to meet e SEO Experience
deadlines

« A proven reputation, with a consistent history of exemplary performance reviews and recognition.

« Chosen by the PA State Director to attend the national NAP training and returned to PA to train all PT's.
USDA award in recognition of five years of service in the Government of the United States of America.

e« |have maintained a small website development business for 20 years and keep my programming skills
current and “creative need” for design.

TECHNOLOGY PROJECT SCHEDULER 07/2016 to CURRENT
Legacy Village Of Jacksonville | Jacksonville, AL

e Ensure all phase activities related to each project are followed exactly along the critical path timeline.
Effectively communicate to project team, subcontractors, vendors, and operations team.

e Pre-qualify customer calls and assign service tickets to schedule.

e Schedule inspections and assist with procurement of building permits.

e Understanding of construction methods and materials.

PR.JECT CONTROLLER, PROMOTED WITHIN AFTER THE SALES ADMINISTRATOR 07/2015 to 07/2016
POSITION

Department Of Agriculture | Mount Ida, AR

e Project Controller:
Worked in collaboration with the Operations Manager, PM's, Purchasing. Finance, Materials
Warehousing, Field Engineers, Technicians and Sales Administrator to organize and maintain the
scheduling management system to ensure project timelines. milestones and financial objectives were
met.
* Reviewed customer project files for contract compliance
* Created change orders requests
* Reviewed material needed for each project phase
* Requested material for purchase and track ETD to schedule
* After each phase completion, sent requests to Finance to
invoice
e Sales Administrator:
Reported to the Operations Manager for the sales team
e scheduled meeting rooms for all staff
e Reviewed sales proposals for accuracy
¢ Built proposals for presentation to the customer
e Recorded weekly sales meeting details and entered into CRM, ZOHO
e Reviewed bids and purchase orders for accuracy from builders and homeowners
e Created ads to assist the marketing department with Adobe Cloud Suite
e Updated the WordPress company website
Updated and maintained the Ebay account for the sale of outdated technology equipment
e Also worked closely with owner's additional needs.

SACES AND MARKETING ASSISTANT 03/2014 to 09/2015
Kohl Wholesale | Columbia, MO

e Liaison between sales, production, and the customer.

e Review purchase orders for accuracy, check with production for parts availability and lead time to
deliver to the customer.

e Verify with the customer for custom configurations and solutions.

e Expedite customer orders.

e Update Social Media accounts, website forms, and create marketing ads for advertising.

ACOMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT - PART-TIME REMOTE POSITION 05/2011 to 10/2012
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. | Hickory, KY

e This was a part-time, supplemental position to handle the accounts receivable/billing for the Web
Department.
* Performed SEO, Search Engine Optimization duties for this online website VMware training company.
¢ | performed all duties remotely from my home with meetings via online.

INCURANCE AGENT - CROP SPECIALIST, CSR/SALES SUPPORT 09/2007 to 04/2013
Bernhard | Saint Louis, MO

e Office Manager/Agent for the PA satellite office for 5 years.
Due to the cuts in agriculture for the percentage of the subsidies paid by the Government to the
insurance companies, the Waterford office was closed and consolidated with the main office in Fort
Myers, FL, which is where | was relocated.

e Handled Acreage and Production Reporting, processed claims, answered the phone and directed calls
as needed and welcomed and greeted customers that came in to the office.

e Maintained the file management of insured's policy information.

e Mailed out reminders for important deadline dates along with the appropriate paperwork and followed
up with personal contact in order to receive the signed documents in a timely manner.

e Performed data entry of the insured's policy information to the correct database in order to maintain
accurate records.

e Assisted other agents to provide them with needed information for quoting policies.

¢ Quoting and mapping as needed.

e Research on various crops as needed to determine how to structure policies for different counties to
maximize coverage for insured's.

e Compiled email and mailing lists as needed to send out promotions to potential customers.

e Attend grower functions such as meetings, workshops, and dinners.

e Man booths at Trade Shows/Expos to promote the company.

PROGRAM TECHNICIAN 04/2001 to 10/2007
Anne Arundel County, Md | Annapolis, MD

e Perform service to local farmers for Federal Subsidized Programs
e Assigned to Automation (computers, backups. office machines, etc.)

* Troubleshoot desktop problems

* Run Start-of-Day (start the office computer system)

* Run End-of-Day (daily computer backup)

* Maintain all office machines and supplies

e Assigned to Common Provisions

* Maintain Government procedure to make sure producers were
in Compliance (correct contact information, appropriate
signatures, EIN's, etc.)

e Assigned to the Non-Insured Assistance Program (NAP Specialist)

* This program was for crops that were NOT insurable, to cover

the risk due to a loss.
¢ Assigned to the Dairy program (MILC)

*Establish eligibility and assist producers when the Government
milk rate fell below the locked in price and to receive payments
to compensate.

e Assigned to the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA)

* Establish eligibility and assist producers to submit and apply for
benefits due to imported ag commodities and to improve
competitiveness.

e Assigned to the Tree Assistance Program (TAP)

*Establish producer eligibility and assist due to a loss of
producing trees or vines.

¢ Aerial Photography (Maps) CLU (Common Land Unit).

* | was assigned to the conversion of Aerial Photography to using current CLUs in order to accurately

measure and report acreages and boundaries. New software was installed and | utilized the tools to

outline each tract and field. This took approx. 2 years.

OV-NER/DESIGNER 01/2000 to 03/2001
The Garden Gate, Garden Design Center | City, STATE

e |shared a building with a local feed store and ran a greenhouse which sold garden plants, statues,
supplies, etc.
e | closed the business due to the lack of sales in the winter.

SYOTEM DEVELOPER 10/1997 to 07/1999
G.E. Transportation Systems | City, STATE

e Validate their current tracking system, which was used for capturing costs of repairs and labor for the
UX business - rebuild of exchange diesel locomotive engines.

e Build the structure of the new RTS (Repair Tracking System) and enter that data in the system.

e Trained 250 employees on the use of the new system.

e Created the operator's maintenance manual for use in other global sites.

CLOTOMER SERVICE 06/1996 to 10/1997
Kaiser Aluminum | City, STATE

e Data Entry support for the Customer Service Dept.

e Systems support, analyzing reports and programs for extraneous code when errors occurred, using
SQL.

e Human Resource support when assistance was needed.

e Shipping and Receiving support when requested.

STODENT 01/1995 to 06/1996
Fortis Institute | City, STATE

e Attended school majoring in Computer Information Systems/Programming

e Graduated receiving an Associate's Degree in Specialized Business with a 3.6 GPA.

e Courses included were Accounting, AS/400 programming, Cobol, Networking, Visual Basic, C++, Math,
Excel, Systems Analysis

e | later returned in 2001 for additional training in web site development using HTML coding.

OVCNER - DESIGNER 02/1988 to 04/1990
The Flower Garden | City, STATE

e Run day-to-day operations including bookkeeping, designer, window and floor display, and the
purchase of fresh and silk flowers, gifts, and supplies.

e Managed 2 employees and a second location at the local mall kiosk.

e Sold the business to move back to PA.

ACQOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK 06/1982 to 08/1986
Hoover Universal, Inc | City, STATE

e Setup invoices for payment, printed checks and matched to invoices, then filed.
e Contacted clients when payments were past due.

e Performed daily computer backups.

e Assisted as payroll backup.

e Assisted the Controller on various projects upon request.

ASOISTANT PURCHASING AGENT 03/1979 to 05/1982
American Shower Door, Inc | City, STATE

e Assistant fo the Senior Buyer in purchasing shower door parts
* Aluminum extrusions, fasteners, glass, vinyl, etc.
e Assisted with the development of the customized computer system and input data.
« Daily input of computerized inventory control.
e —Interfaced with in-plant personnel and vendors.
e Expedited purchase orders.
e Maintained reorder report and logged material pull tickets.

Associate of Science | Computer Information Systems / Programming

© Accounting, payroll, Quick-books invoicing, file management, inventory control, social media marketing, office

machines, standard operating procedure policy creation, pre-qualifing clients needs, creating proposals.
purchasing, research and reporting, sales support, scheduling, SEO, Search Engine Optimization, excellent
telephone communication.

« GS-7-4 Highest Grade Level, Federal Government Employee Reinstatement
« Florida State Resident Property/Casualty Agent License, Non-Resident licenses for PA, OH, & NY
* Expired after transitioning back to the technology field