SUMMARY

JESSICA
CLAIRE

Capable to fit at any professional well-versed in completing daily rounds, collecting measurements and
identifying processing concerns early through diligent inspections. Conscientious, reliable and driven
to make positive impact through work. Excellent organizational, observational and decision-making
abilities. Hardworking Quality Control Inspector offering 27 years of manufacturing and production
experience. Detail-oriented and systematic professional knowledgeable about compliance standards.
Adheres strictly to documentation guidelines and reporting requirements. Trustworthy Tester tracking
major issues and providing appropriate reports and documentation. Focused and enthusiastic and

@ resumesample@example.com

& (555) 432-1000

100 Montgomery St. 10th
Floor

SKILLS

Production Experience

promoting exceptional skills in focus and be part of the team. Organized and motivated employee
eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-
level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

EXPERIENCE
Baker Hughes Company - Quality Control Inspector

+ Inspection Procedures Mount Pleasant, PA + 07/2021 - Current
. anos + Identified production concerns and worked with supervisors to understand and remedy situations.
. ee Mo ae 5 + Marked materials with grade or acceptance status.
. 5 bah tiene polis one + Notified supervisors or other relevant personnel of test or production issues.
. ony mentation and + Selected samples for use as test models.
Rereiborss + Oversaw disposal of products, materials and equipment not in compliance with tolerances, safety
Att a a sail standards or quality levels.
. raheeeiohlies me + Documented inspection results by completing reports and logs and summarizing and entering data
. re she SEER i a into quality database.
. ea set lee + Analyzed plans, specifications and blueprints to understand product requirements.
. ae . t i + Completed non-destructive tests and conducted continuous inspections.
. eae ae een + Recommended essential corrective actions based on test results.
= Datack Wank + Repaired malfunctions, reassembled iterns and performed final tests.
; : + Compared product and materials colors, shapes, textures and grades with predetermined
inspection and Testing Reports templates
Quality Control :

Time Management

Testing Data Documentation
Corrective Action
Recommendations
Manufacturing Enhancement
Sound Judgment

Rejected Materials Disposal
Information Ordering
Problem Anticipation and
Resolution

Decision Making
Mathematical Calculation
Training and Mentorship
Inspection Documentation

Contour Aviation - Quality Control Lead Inspector
Baltimore, MD + 08/2006 - 08/2021

+ Calibrated products to match design and operational specifications.

+ Assessed materials, parts and products for conformance with quality control requirements and
production specifications.

+ Trained newly hired employees by explaining company procedures, job duties and performance
expectations.

+ Cleaned and calibrated dial indicators, fixed gauges, or height gauges prior to tests.

+ Used specialized tools to take precise measurements of various aspects of samples.

Noted changes during testing in project documentation.

Matched arriving materials with purchase orders, submitted discrepancy forms as necessary.

Notified supervisors or other relevant personnel of test or production issues.

Documented inspection results by completing reports and logs and summarizing and entering data

+ Reporting and Analysis into quality database.
+ Issue Escalation Repaired malfunctions, reassembled items and performed final tests.
+ Safety Procedures Inspected, tested and measured materials for conformance to specifications and regulatory
+ Legal Requirements requirements.
interpretation + Recornmended essential corrective actions based on test results.
+ Operator Qualification Testing + Made adjustments to equipment or calibrated instruments to required tolerances.
+ Spreadsheet Tracking + Checked software programs for usability, functionality and design issues.

Component Fabrication
Computer-Aided Manufacturing
Computer-Aided Design

OSHA Compliance

Product Classification
Container Weight Assessments
Color Comparison

Raw Materials Inspection and
Testing

Presentation Delivery

Inspected and repaired products to meet project expectations.

+ Documented nonconformities and recommended techniques for prompt resolution.
Oversaw disposal of products, materials and equipment not in compliance with tolerances, safety
standards or quality levels.

+ Completed non-destructive tests and conducted continuous inspections.

+ Used root cause analysis tools to determine failures and provide appropriate counter-measures to
prevent repeat failures.

+ Examined products and materials for defects or deviations to remove or discard non-conforming
items.

+ Identified production concerns and worked with supervisors to understand and remedy situations.

: Sample Testing + Compared product and materials colors, shapes, textures and grades with predetermined
+ Good Manufacturing Practices templates. ; . . -

+ Presentation Skills + Consulted with engineers to resolve quality, production and efficiency problems.

+ Project Management + Selected samples for use as test models.

5 Seige cae Baker Hughes Company - Quality Control Inspector

: Safoere ie Skaneateles, NY + 06/1993 - 10/2019

Word Processing

EDUCATION AND

+ Identified production concerns and worked with supervisors to understand and remedy situations.
Checked software programs for usability, functionality and design issues.

Marked materials with grade or acceptance status.

Notified supervisors or other relevant personnel of test or production issues.

TRAINING Selected samples for use as test models.

+ Oversaw disposal of products, materials and equipment not in compliance with tolerances, safety
Modesto Junior College standards or quality levels.
Modesto, CA + Documented inspection results by completing reports and logs and summarizing and entering data
Supervisory Management into quality database.

+ Analyzed plans, specifications and blueprints to understand product requirements.

+ Completed non-destructive tests and conducted continuous inspections.
CERTIFICATIONS Recommended essential corrective actions based on test results.

food prod micro B, Stanislaus
food - 1996

certificate HACCP MANG
Training - Newly weds food
2006

Repaired malfunctions, reassembled items and performed final tests.

+ Compared product and materials colors, shapes, textures and grades with predetermined
templates.

+ Read blueprints and manuals to determine test procedures or adjustment methods.

+ Inspected and repaired products to meet project expectations.

+ Positioned components, parts or materials for testing.

+ Used root cause analysis tools to determine failures and provide appropriate counter-measures to
prevent repeat failures.

+ Administered competency tests to determine engineers or operators are qualified to use
equipment.

+ Cleaned and calibrated dial indicators, fixed gauges, or height gauges prior to tests.

Calibrated products to match design and operational specifications.

Noted changes during testing in project documentation.

Documented nonconformities and recommended techniques for prompt resolution.

Recommended improvement measures to production process to meet quality control standards.

Made adjustments to equipment or calibrated instruments to required tolerances.

Trained newly hired employees by explaining company procedures, job duties and performance

expectations.

+ Wrote detailed reports outlining performance, quality and defect rates.

+ Consulted with engineers to resolve quality, production and efficiency problems.

+ Oversaw proper tagging and identification of parts and components, enabling rejected or non-
repairable parts to be properly marked, quarantined and rendered unusable.

+ Assessed materials, parts and products for conformance with quality control requirements and
production specifications.

+ Examined products and materials for defects or deviations to remove or discard non-conforming

items.

LANGUAGES
Spanish: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated:

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

| am looking for a job opportunity where i can be more useful and help others. My year as a inspector
have helped me meet people and know that i have the ability to help more and have a good retirement
in my old age. whit a good company