JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Focused Foreman considered expert in planning, assigning and directing work tasks. Dedicated team player committed to maintaining safe,
clean job sites. Pursuing role where hard work and dedication will be highly valued. Enthusiastic individual experienced in resolving conflicts
and issues with exceptional skill and poise. Offering engaging and pleasant personality with expertise ensuring projects meet safety
regulations, policies and procedures.

Ambitious Accounting Assistant demonstrating strong background in employee expense management and vendor relations. Skilled in
managing outstanding invoices to reduce payment time. Eager to fulfill role of increased responsibility to add value to dynamic accounting
team.

Personable and professional communicator with fluency in Portuguese, English and Spanish. Friendly and enthusiastic who consistently
meets customer service satisfaction goals. Patient and empathetic with extensive background in conflict resolution and customer care.
Organized Loan Officer Assistant bringing exceptional administrative and problem-solving skills focused on efficiently fulfilling loan
requirements. Knowledgeable about checklists and disclosures, business correspondence and recordkeeping. Skilled at keeping all paperwork
orderly and properly transferred. Diligent and resourceful financial professional skilled in client relations and loan product recommendations.
Highly responsive to delivery of services and focused on customer relationship building. Achieves compliance with company policies and
regulations in carrying out job functions.

Manages high-volume loan paperwork in dynamic environments with high production, approval and customer relations targets. Expertise
includes reviewing and validating personal, employment and financial histories for each applicant. Self-motivated and reliable with excellent
teamwork, problem-solving and organizational skills. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing
interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.

SKILLS
« Effective communication & Project management e Loan Paperwork
¢ Multitasking abilities e Strategic Financial Planning
e Customer service e Lending Software Systems
¢ Relationship-Building e Encompass (Mortgage Software)
* Credit Reporting Software & contact e Flexible and Adaptable
« Customer Proposals © Self-Motivated
¢ Loan Application Preparation ¢ Decision Making
¢ Digital Applications e Responsible
Work History

01/2023 to Current Licensed Realtor
Kanequip — Rockville, MD
e Assisted buyers with finding ideal homes by assessing needs, requirements and budgets.
¢ Wrote contracts to outline sales and purchases of properties.
© Coordinated appointments with buyers, sellers and other realtors to show buyers and tenants prospective homes.
e Wrote listings detailing and professionally highlighting property features to increase sales chances.
e Communicated with clients to understand property needs and preferences.

01/2021 to 11/2022 Loan Officer Assistant
Uvalde Memorial Hospital

¢ Worked with Loan Officer to create application profile in system and review key information at various stages
within process.

¢ Cultivated productive relationships with clients, realtors and title/escrow officers to increase profits and expand
customer base.

e Liaised with clients to guide through loan closing process and skillfully handle any concerns.

¢ Supported loan processing by compiling applicant documentation such as credit reports, employment verifications
and financial history paperwork.

¢ Documented borrower's information in loan processing system and resolved any discrepancies.

e Assisted with timely loan closing and funding activities with efficient management of task checklists.

e Compiled sales leads and managed contacts with Followupboss & contactually.

¢ Scheduled meetings and appointments and maintained well-organized master calendar.

e Set up files using loan officer checklist and submitted on-time for processing.

¢ Maintained referral pipeline by reaching out regularly to real estate agents, referral partners and past clients.

e Assembled important paperwork and disclosures for borrower.

¢ Communicated with customers daily to request information and complete paperwork.

e Filed completed loan applications with underwriting and made approval or denial recommendations.

e Communicated acceptance or rejection to applicants via mail, email, telephone or personal consultations.

¢ Reviewed and validated details of loan applications and closing documentation.

e Verified credit histories, personal references and employment backgrounds for each applicant.

e Assessed customer account histories to determine previous compliance with payment plans and loan terms.

e Conferred with applicants and creditors to obtain information and resolve paperwork discrepancies.

e Assessed loan compliance to meet mortgage lending laws and regulations.

* Conducted pre-applications and loan activities for over 20 monthly applications

12/2018 to 01/2021 Assistant Construction Supervisor
Stipp Construction Group
e Evaluated incoming materials for quality and amounts ordered.
e Maintained zero site accidents and lost work days.
¢ Communicated daily with vendors to keep project fully operational.
e Oversaw employee attendance record, handled payroll and ordered new materials for sites.
e Established clear priorities and production quality standards.
e Set and revised production schedules to meet changing demands.
e Handled office administration and logistics.
¢ Maintained organized office space.
e Managed office by ordering office supplies and maintaining office equipment.
¢ Handled office administration tasks.
© Developed close working relationships with front office and back office staff.
¢ Maintained financial documents and office bookkeeping using Quickbooks.
e Attended 15 on-site meetings with subcontractors and clients per month

01/2019 to 02/2020 Assistant Accountant
Moreta & Associates, Intl.

e Evaluated employee expense reports and verified accuracy.

e Maintained accurate and complete documentation for all financial department procedures.

¢ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of
operations.

¢ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concems related to financial matters.

© Collected and arranged financial information and entered details into Quickbooks financial management system.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government departments.

e Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth and assets.

e Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual
1095 forms.

e Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information. preparing documents, finalizing reports and
closing books.

¢ Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.

e Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.

e Prepared and filed W9 and W7 tax forms for commercial and individual clients.

e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

02/2016 to 09/2016 Agricultural Technician
Company Name

e Sought better ways to reduce crop loss from field damage during handling, sorting, packing and processing,
reducing crop loss.

* Used soil loss equations to design erosion control plans.

e Tested and installed new equipment, including logging machinery and fertilizer sprayers.

e Used GPS, weather data and other computer modeling tools to provide advice on land pollution, water quality and
soil conditions.

¢ Conducted regular site visits to inspect and survey environmental changes and monitor construction exercises.

© Helped keep facilities, equipment, and tools operational with regular repairs and proactive maintenance.

e Coordinated pest and weed control operations to improve yield operations.

¢ Sought better ways to reduce crop loss from field damage during handling, sorting, packing and processing,
reducing crop loss 4%

05/2015 to 11/2015 Gym Staff Member
Company Name
e Assessed staff needs and offered assistance with training during busy times.
¢ Posted information on gym hours and upcoming events, maintaining consistent communication with patrons.
e Maintained inventory of items that were placed in each room.
e Vacuumed, dusted and maintained common areas, including hallways and waiting areas.
e Responded to guest requests for assistance, toiletries and personal care items.

EpucaTIon
12/2018 Accounting & Business Management - Accounting And Business Management
ILAC International Language Academy - Ontario, CA
Language Institute (Jul-Dec 2018)
06/2018 English Language And Literature: English Language And Literature
LADO International Institute - Washington, DC
Language Institute (Jan-Jun 2018)
12/2017 High School Diploma

Federal Institute Of Santa Rosa Do Sul Campus - Rio Grande Do Sul, Brazil
Graduated with Agricultural Technician.