JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Diligent and hard-working candidate ready to contribute solid effort as team member. Thorough and highly organized with excellent
communication skills. Reliable worker with strong work ethic. Deadline-driven Heavy Equipment Operator familiar with safety regulations.
Expert in maintenance and day-to-day upkeep of loaders, excavators, dump trucks and more. Strong focus on communication and site
coordination. Skilled Heavy Equipment Operator with 9 years of construction experience. Knowledgeable in wide range of trenchers, backhoes
and diggers. Experienced Heavy Equipment Operator skilled at moving materials, digging trenches, burying conduits and lifting components.
Offers 9 years of related experience. Reliable Heavy Equipment Operator successful at completing jobs quickly and correctly. Ready to bring
and operator skills to new role. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges
utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent ttme management and problem-solving skills.

SKILLS
¢ Refuse Handling e Attention to Detail
e¢ Team Communication e Decision Making
¢ Safety Monitoring e Critical Thinking
e Land Clearing e Attachment Installation
e Equipment Repair © Mechanical Maintenance
e Excavation and Backfilling e Hand and Power Tool Operation
e Accident Prevention ¢ OSHA Compliance
e Stump and Rock Removal e Testing and Troubleshooting
¢ Problem Solving e Grease and Lubricant Application
Work HIsToRy

Heavy Equipment Operator, 08/2017 - Current
Lehigh Hanson — Redding, CA
¢ Kept machinery in proper working order by repairing and replacing malfunctioning parts.
e Adhered to heavy equipment safety and operation protocols, resulting in minimal complaints or incidents.
* Completed diligent equipment inspections, repairs and maintenance actions to prolong life of each piece of machinery.
¢ Maximized equipment and personnel protection by identifying and avoiding hazards such as utility lines.
© Met project demands consistently through careful and consistent operation of heavy equipment.
© Operated range of heavy equipment on regular basis with advanced skill.
¢ Operated machining equipment safely with team of operators.
e Trained in diverse pieces of equipment and useful attachments to handle team needs.
¢ Removed topsoil, vegetation and rocks to grade earth to specifications.
¢ Loaded and moved materials such as dirt and rocks based on specific job needs.
e Avoided hazards such as hanging or buried utility lines when operating equipment.
* Selected and fastened bulldozer blades or other attachments to tractors using hitches.

Agricultural Field Worker, 03/2013 - 08/2017
Lehigh Hanson — Rochester, NY
* Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize soil.
e Applied organic growing practices to plant variety of heirloom herbs, vegetables and fruits.
¢ Maximized performance of all equipment by repair and preventive maintenance.
e Evaluate harvesting conditions and identify obstacles.
e Assisted with maintenance and installation of irrigation equipment.
* Conducted regular soil testing for optimal plant growth and nourishment.
¢ Carefully maintained plant health through watering and proper fertilization to minimize losses and waste.
e Planted, cultivated and harvested various types of trees, shrubs and plants.
¢ Communicated with coworkers and management to report challenges.

* Operated tractors equipment to move goods in safely from fields to collection points.

Heavy Equipment Operator, 09/2012 - 03/2013
Lehman Excavating — City, STATE
¢ Kept machinery in proper working order by repairing and replacing malfunctioning parts.
e Adhered to heavy equipment safety and operation protocols, resulting in minimal complaints or incidents.
* Completed diligent equipment inspections, repairs and maintenance actions to prolong life of each piece of machinery.
e Maximized equipment and personnel protection by identifying and avoiding hazards such as utility lines.
© Met project demands consistently through careful and consistent operation of heavy equipment.
© Operated range of heavy equipment on regular basis with advanced skill.
* Operated machining equipment safely with team of operators.
e Maintained fueled and fully operational equipment to jump on project requirements and keep teams on tight schedules.
e Strictly adhered to company safety procedures, noticeably decreasing job site accidents.
¢ Resolved most mechanical issues independently and worked with supervisors and senior personnel to resolve complicated problems.
e Trained in diverse pieces of equipment and useful attachments to handle team needs.
e Used inspection, troubleshooting and repair abilities to quickly clear mechanical issues with heavy equipment.
e Removed topsoil, vegetation and rocks to grade earth to specifications.
* Compiled cost estimates for jobs.
e Ripped out existing asphalt and concrete to prepare for site changes and new construction.
¢ Loaded and moved materials such as dirt and rocks based on specific job needs.
e Avoided hazards such as hanging or buried utility lines when operating equipment.
* Selected and fastened bulldozer blades or other attachments to tractors using hitches.

e Performed preventive maintenance to prolong life of equipment.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 05/2009
Almond-Bancroft - Almond, WI

CERTIFICATIONS

e MSHA Training -
¢ Pesticide Applicators License