Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Hardworking and reliable with strong ability in analyze, Private investigator inspector mathematical engineering, host, manager
assistant, supervisor. Offering skills are computer skills, Microsoft words, log books, diagrams, type 30 words within 5 mins, able to
lift up to 80lbs, sanitation and fluent speech in Spanish also English Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented
mentality.

Dependable team member trained in register operations and customer service. Contributes to smooth front-end operations and goes
beyond requirements to handle customer needs. Reliable, team-oriented, and efficiently completes assignments.

Ambitious, career-focused job seeker, anxious to obtain an entry-level position to help launch career while achieving company goals.
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking

entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

Experience

Agricultural Production , 02/2023 to Current

Robinhood — Sf, NY
¢ Responsible for planting weeding and harvesting organic produce.
¢ Cultivate soil for the organic seed sowing process.
e Research agricultural and green jobs curriculum.

e Facilitate the sale of production in order to research farm revenue goals at the local farmers market.

N/a, 12/2022 to Current
Neogenomics Laboratories — Chicago, IL
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and

services.

Security Guard, 11/2020 to 07/2021
Cornerstone Community Outreach Shelter — City, STATE
¢ Maintained accurate records and documented client data in company databases.
e Acquired and maintained knowledge of with all company policies and procedures.
¢ Help with new intakes log the new clients in the system.
e Check camera system for any people lounging around the building also break in. Report incidents.
¢ Certify certificate recieved 2021 security and dcfs case worker
¢ Sanitation every night walk rounds check in with other staff members.

Pawnbroker/Customer Service Cashier, 11/2015 to 11/2019
Cash America — City, STATE
¢ Refilled and rotated items on shelves to maintain well-stocked inventory.
e Maintained cleanliness and presentation of stock room and production floor.
e Exchanged and returned items, noting details in company database and placed returned merchandise in bins for restocking.
¢ Bagged, boxed or gift-wrapped sold merchandise per customer's request.
¢ Counted tills at beginning of shift with start money and balanced and reconciled register, reflecting financial discrepancies,
refunds and account deferrals.
e Processed credit card, EBT and gift certificate payments in electronic computer systems.
e Greeted customers and responded to informational requests.
e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
¢ Built loyal clientele through friendly interactions and consistent appreciation.
¢ Collected credit card and cash payments to complete transactions for customer orders.
e Informed customers of in-store promotions or pricing specials.
« Counted and balanced cashier drawers.
e Greeted customers promptly and responded to questions.
¢ Maintained work area and kept cash drawer organized.
¢ Maintained clean and orderly checkout areas by sanitizing register belts, emptying trash cans and organizing candy racks.
e Answered phone calls to assist customers with questions and orders.
¢ Certify pawn broker, jeweler

Cashier Food Handler, 04/2012 to 01/2015
Dunkin' Donuts — City, STATE

¢ Food prep stock food beverages

* Cashier

¢ Drive thru

¢ Team member

e Customer service greet customer

e Sanitation maintenance

e Work as a team member

¢ Part time early morning 18hrs a week

Mathematical Engineering , 02/2012 to 01/2015
P.S.I — City, STATE
¢ Mother/ computer boards, building engine, turbos, alternators, sensors, belts for engine or transmission.
¢ Work with tore gun (3mm bolts to 50mm bolts) sealers
¢ Line duty team of 10 employees for private inventory, build, box send to receiving for shipments
e Able to lift over 150lbs steal toe boots or shoe cuffs mandatory.
e Sanitation organization adjust count in computer system for shipment. Stock new parts bolts springs mother and computer
boards belts for new engines or transmission being built for fallowing day must be up to 30 in count.
e Experienced certified mathematics mechanical engineer

¢ Work as a team attend team meetings problem solver

Skills
¢ Basic Math ¢ Active Listening
¢ Conflict Resolution ¢ Computer Skills
¢ Fluent in Spanish e Customer Service
e Data Management ¢ Training & Development
¢ Maintenance & Repair ¢ Critical Thinking
¢ Team Management * Reliable & Trustworthy
¢ Good Work Ethic * Relationship Building
e Problem Resolution ¢ Friendly, Positive Attitude
¢ Supervision & Leadership ¢ Organizational Skills
¢ Team Building ¢ Planning & Organizing
* Microsoft Office ¢ Flexible Schedule
¢ People Skills

Education and Training
Certificate : Root of Success , 04/2023

Growing Home Inc - Chicago, IL

Certificate : Environmental Literacy Program, 04/2023
Growing Home Inc. - Chicago, IL

Certificate P: Serv-safe Certification, 02/2023
Growing Home Inc. - Chicago, IL

GED: 05/2007
Wilbur Wright Vocational College Prep - Chicago, IL