Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Punctual and honest Job Title with solid background in Type environments. Satisfies customers with
SUMMARY exceptional service. Uses slow periods effectively to stay on top of daily chores while pursuing opportunities to

help team improve service and reduce waste.

Efficiently maintains transaction records, handles monies and updates accounts. Active listener with talent for

guiding customers to appropriate products.

Focused Job Title with strong understanding of retail operations. Offering extensive experience in high-

volume settings. Highly service-minded and professional with customers and employees alike.

Committed and hardworking Job Title with experience processing transactions and assisting customers.

Dedicated to resolving issues, answering customer questions and ringing up customers. Creative problem-

solver versed in customer service.

Dedicated and responsible retail professional with demonstrated skills in processing payments, restocking

shelves and promoting sale items. Proficient in Type and Type merchandise and adept at offering every

customer upbeat and knowledgeable support.

Trustworthy and dedicated Job Title with Number years of experience serving customers and operating

register. Talented at correctly taking order information and serving to customers quickly. Cheerful when

assisting customers with requests and meeting special needs.

Reliable Job Title offering strong multitasking, problem-solving and communication skills, as well as strengths

in promoting products and finalizing sales. Successful at upselling target items and giving customer positive

experiences to drive loyalty and repeat business. Trained in Type areas and flexible with changing business

needs.

Results-focused Clerk who thrives in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. Committed to accuracy and

efficiency as achieved through hard work and attention to detail. Known for excellence in Skill.

Motivated cashier and stocker with Number years of experience in |ndustry. Accomplished various tasks daily,

including Task, stocking shelves with Product or Service and collecting payments with cash registers. Cheerful

when assisting customers and coworkers.

High-energy Job Title offering over Number years of |ndustry experience. Effectively boost add-on sales with

good interpersonal communication skills. Dependable and adaptable with resourceful nature and

conscientious approach.

Outgoing and detail-oriented professional with proven history of resourcefulness and reliability. Trained in

Type POS software and customer service. Skilled at Skill with dedication to efficiency and accuracy.

SKILLS © e Stocking and Replenishing e Inventory management
e Bagging and Packaging e Cleaning and sanitizing
e Merchandise Restocking e Written and verbal communication
e Maintaining Store Appearance ¢ Guest inquiries
e Product Restocking e Customer Relations
e Product knowledge ¢ Time management skills
WORK HISTORY © CASHIER 02/2022 to 04/2022

Noodles & Company | Lees Summit, MO

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

e Provided friendly service and assistance to clients promote customer loyalty, satisfaction and sales.

e Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

e Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.

e Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.

e Maintained secure cash drawers. promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals.

e Processed customer refunds and exchanges according to established guidelines.

e Reviewed new promotions and monitored price changes.

e Collected and authorized payments of guests.

e Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with excellent accuracy levels.

e Checked personal identifications during alcohol and tobacco sales.

¢  Tallied cash drawer at beginning and end of each work shift.

e Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving
discrepancies.

e Created price tags and merchandise signs.

e Mentored new team members on sales software system operation.

e Greeted customers entering store and responded promptly to customer needs.

e Addressed customer needs and made product recommendations to increase sales.

e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.

e Welcomed customers and helped determine their needs.

e Stocked, tagged and displayed merchandise as required.

ACRICULTURAL FIELD WORKER 06/2021 to 01/2022
Department Of Health And Human Services | Freeport, ME

e Weeded vegetable and herb gardens to provide healthy environment for plant growth.

e Applied organic growing practices to plant variety of heirloom herbs. vegetables and fruits.

e Used machetes and pruning shears to shear tree tops and limb tips. increasing limb health and
improving overall shape.

e Conducted pre-shift inspections of equipment and work areas to enhance safety.

e Assisted with maintenance and installation of irrigation equipment.

e Transported and loaded harvested items into delivery trucks.

e Evaluate harvesting conditions and identify obstacles.

e Planted, cultivated and harvested various types of trees, shrubs and plants.

e Communicated with coworkers and management to report challenges.

e Assisted customers with finding requested plants and flowers.

e Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.

CCDK 03/2021 to 05/2021
Pcc Natural Markets | Seattle, WA

e Produced high volume covers per day and maintained near-perfect customer satisfaction scores.

e Set up and prepared cooking supplies and workstations during opening and closing to maximize
productivity.

e Inspected appliances, commercial fryers and ovens to verify proper working order.

e  Transitioned between breakfast and lunch service.

e Checked for quality, kept track of old and new items and rotated stock to confirm freshness of food and
ingredients.

e Changed and sanitized cutting boards, benches and surfaces between tasks to avoid cross-
contamination.

e Took food orders from cashiers and cooked items quickly to complete order items together and serve
hot.

e Maintained well-stocked stations with supplies and spices for maximum productivity.

e Created identical dishes numerous times daily with consistent care, attention to detail and quality.

e Prepared multiple orders simultaneously during peak periods with high accuracy rate, maximizing
customer satisfaction and repeat business.

e Communicated closely with servers to fully understand special orders for customers.

e Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience.

e Interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.

e Tasted, smelled and pierced food with fork to verify sufficient cooking.

e Prepared food items in compliance with recipes and portioning control guidelines.

SAXDWICH MAKER 01/2021 to 03/2021
Dunkin Donuts & Baskin Robbins | City, STATE

« Assisted customers in choosing menu items by providing food complementing information.

e« Organized work areas to foster efficiency and model exceptional kitchen etiquette.

e Identified price of goods and calculated bills with optical price scanners, calculators and cash registers.

e Greeted guests, promoted specials and took orders.

e Executed sandwich artistry duties with very low occurrence of errors.

« Operated manual and electric appliances to peel, slice and trim food.

e Interpreted food order slips per shift to prepare food according to customer orders.

« Operated grills and fryers to prepare sandwiches and side items.

« Met sales targets by encouraging customers to buy extra food items such as drinks, desserts and sides.

« Trained team members to prepare sandwiches and other items according to instructions.

e Organized freezers, refrigerators and storage rooms by receiving, recording and moving food and
beverage supplies and products.

e Shared information with customers about menu items, preparation methods and ingredients.

« Maintained effective supply levels by monitoring and reordering food stock and dry goods.

« Completed milkshakes and ice cream desserts for customers.

e Readied customers' take-out orders in secure bags with appropriate amounts of condiments, silverware
and napkins.

« Backed up servers by setting up trays and completing some food deliveries.

« Replenished serving stations with fresh food and cleaned up spills.

e« Kept drawer balanced by accurately processing cash, credit and debit payments.

« Accurately operated cash register to process customer payments.

e« Loaded food, dishes and utensils on carts and trays to transport from designated food preparation
areas to designated tables.

« Operated Type and Type kitchen gadgets to prepare meats, vegetables and condiments for service.

« Observed customer purchases in line and differentiated between standard portions.

e Properly labeled and stored food and fresh ingredients in cooler or freezer to optimize freshness.

e« Endorsed products by making recommendations and promoting specials, increasing daily sales by
Number%.

« Documented customer orders and conveyed special requests to kitchen staff.

« Prepared salads, soups and sandwiches for customers.

e Brewed coffee and tea and changed out drink station syrups.

e« Prepared recipe ingredients by washing. peeling, cutting and measuring.

« Performed serving, cleaning and stocking to high standards and provided excellent customer
satisfaction.

« Kept pastry and dessert case stocked with fresh selections and arranged to entice orders.

e« Replenished condiments, beverages and supplies while maintaining cleanliness of service areas.

« Checked on dining areas frequently fo clean up spills, wipe down tables and restock stations.

e Loaded dishwasher with china and thoroughly hand-washed dishes, pans and utensils to tidy up serving
line.

e Kept kitchen, counter and dining areas cleaned and sanitized.

EDUCATION (©) Equivalency Diploma | High School 10/2021
Grundy County High School, Coalmont, TN