Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Supportive Art Instructor with 20+ years of experience teaching ceramics, drawing, painting, and fiber arts. Skilled in working under
pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational goals. Committed to individual student
growth with success in managing many students of all ages and backgrounds at a time. Organized and dependable candidate
successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

Skills
¢ Portfolio Creation Expertise ¢ Student Advising and Support
e Student Recordkeeping ¢ Colleague Collaborations
¢ Vocational Counseling ¢ Content Revision
e Artistic Technique Demonstration e Campus and Community Events
¢ Class Lectures ¢ Gallery and Exhibit Preparation
e Art Styles and Techniques e Classroom Discussion Facilitation
e Examination Administration and Grading e Committee Service
e Curricula Planning ¢ Group Assistance
e Fine Arts Proficiency e Personalized Support
¢ Course Material Preparation e Instructional Techniques
e Fundraising Expertise ¢ Instructional Strategies
¢ Paper and Project Review ¢ Group Dynamics
e Student Organization Advising ¢ Providing Feedback
e Subject Research e Active Learning
Work History

Art Instructor, 01/2016 to Current
Boys & Girls Clubs Of The Peninsula — East Palo Alto, CA
e Planned and executed activities to promote skill and talent development.
¢ Facilitated group sessions and provided one-on-one support.
¢ Prepared and gathered materials for detailed lesson plans.
e Developed lesson plans surrounding various types of art, history and culture.
e Created and delivered lessons through distance, virtual and face-to-face learning and fulfilled requirements of district's
curriculum program.
¢ Modeled interpersonal relationships with staff members, students and administrators and strived to enhance student learning
and well being.
¢ Maintained student records and evaluated student progress.
e Attended department meetings and collaborated with other fine arts teachers.
¢ Met with parents and staff to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

Artist, 02/2008 to 05/2021
2K -— Sparks, MD
¢ Contributed to creative process through original ideas and inspiration.
e Created custom fiber art using materials such as wool, cotton, wood, acrylic and water color paints.
¢ Maintained and shared portfolios of artistic work to demonstrate styles, interests and abilities with potential customers.
¢ Made use of materials, such as ink, watercolors, charcoal, oil, computer software, paints and pencils to complete unique piece for
customers.
¢ Consulted with clients to discuss commission ideas and style preferences to create mutually agreeable project parameters.
e Researched drawings of characters and environmental elements for inspiration.
e Established and maintained productive, professional working relationships to promote beneficial project results.
e Ordered and maintained adequate supply of materials, supplies and equipment.
¢ Resolved client concerns quickly and professionally to maintain respectful and productive project environment.
¢ Designed visual models meeting both aesthetic and technical criteria.
¢ Managed technological considerations to meet defined goals.
e Advertised and sold fiber art and mixed media pieces at local markets and established piece pricing on customer demand, labor
costs and raw material costs.
¢ Researched industry trends and evaluated competitive products.
¢ Developed targeted marketing and sales strategies to promote successful organizational and artistic outcomes.
¢ Created storyboards, 3D models, animation and visual effects to meet design goals.
¢ Developed art and design concepts.
¢ Cultivated relationships with other artists and internal partners to develop positive rapport for future opportunities.

¢ Mentored junior artists on creative processes.

Agricultural Assistant Instructor , 09/2017 to 02/2020
Loonling Learning — City, STATE
¢ Worked with teachers to design lesson plans and coordinate activities for classes, consistently noting successful ideas and
identifying areas for improvement.
e Provided one-on-one and group-based learning support to maintain student progress and development.
¢ Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.
¢ Performed staff monitoring duties such as overseeing daily student intake and dismissal.
e Supported teacher in instructing core subjects, delivering supplementary lessons and coordinating materials.
e Collaborated with instructor to assist lesson and curriculum planning efforts.
¢ Delivered group teaching in outdoor setting and implemented individual student support.

e Attended to classroom details and logistics to maintain strong instructional environment.

Ceramics Instructor, 03/1999 to 02/2003
First Street Gallery Art Center — City, STATE
e Attended department meetings and collaborated with other fine arts teachers.
* Scheduled shows and performances in accordance with yearly calendar.
¢ Gathered display materials and distributed programs for shows and performances.
¢ Held afterwork meetings and workshops in preparation for shows.
¢ Evaluated and graded students’ class work, performances, projects, assignments and papers.
¢ Met with families to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working
environment.
¢ Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.
¢ Maintained ceramics department by ordering supplies for special needs students and scheduling deliveries.
¢ Organized and maintained work for yearly fundraiser by hosting workshops with the students and community and co-curating
a yearly gallery exhibition and sale.

Education

Theatre Arts
Southwestern Michigan College - Dowagiac, MI

High School Diploma: 05/1993
Niles High School - Niles, MI