Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Skilled Diesel Mechanic offering 10 years of experience working on semi-truck, trailers, and equipment. Understand the wear and
tear faced by hardworking vehicles. Relate well to operators and owners.

Skills
¢ Repair * Wiring
¢ Hand Tools ¢ Machinery

¢ Schematic Diagrams

Experience

Equipment Repair Technician, 12/2022 to Current
Waste Management — Klamath Falls, OR
e Collaborated with team members to assess equipment performance needs.
e Maintained equipment performance by cleaning and lubricating components.
¢ Conducted performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.
¢ Repaired equipment and machinery, performing maintenance according to updated industry standards.
e Troubleshot and diagnosed issues with heavy equipment systems.
¢ Documented repair work performed on mobile equipment via electronic and written service reports.
¢ Completed simple and advanced repairs according to specifications for brakes, exhaust and electrical systems.
¢ Completed standard inspections to assess wear and damage to vehicles.
¢ Participated in continuous improvement program to confirm quality of repair work performed.

Heavy Diesel Mechanic, 05/2017 to 12/2022
Waste Management — Kosciusko, MS
e Diagnose, service and repair light duty trucks and over the road semi-trucks.
¢ Completed preventive maintenance on engines, transmissions, tires and other vehicle systems.
e Electrical system diagnoses
¢ Put in new vehicle systems and components.
e Evaluated all vehicle systems to assess function and uncover defects.
e Diagnosed problems with brakes, steering and transmissions using visual inspections, computer programs and specialized
equipment.
¢ Operated specialty equipment, standard tools, and gauges to complete assessments and repairs.
¢ Placed orders for parts necessary to complete vehicle repairs and installations.
¢ Performed checklist of fluid levels, air filter, tire pressure and more as part of service orders.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and

services.

Heavy Diesel Mechanic, 04/2016 to 04/2017
Targa Resources Corp. — Watford City, ND
¢ Removed and disassembled defective diesel engines in trucks, buses and construction vehicles to complete repairs.
¢ Completed preventive maintenance on engines, transmissions, tires and other vehicle systems.
e Tracked findings and all actions taken in computer system.
e Put in new vehicle systems and components.
¢ Evaluated all vehicle systems to assess function and uncover defects.
¢ Diagnosed problems with brakes, steering and transmissions using visual inspections, computer programs and specialized
equipment.
¢ Operated specialty equipment, standard tools, and gauges to complete assessments and repairs.
e Placed orders for parts necessary to complete vehicle repairs and installations.
¢ Performed checklist of fluid levels, air filter, tire pressure and more as part of service orders.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and

services.

Diesel Fleet Mechanic, 03/2013 to 04/2016
Westfall O'Dell Volvo Of Fruita — City, STATE
¢ Completed scheduled maintenance on fleet, semi-trucks, trailers and equipment.
¢ Coordinated preventive maintenance schedules for 10+ units.
¢ Followed manufacturer guidelines when performing repairs to maintain safety and reliability of vehicle or piece of equipment.
¢ Readied vehicles for annual safety and roadworthiness inspections.
¢ Diagnosed faults by using technical knowledge, computer testing equipment and specialized tools.
¢ Rebuilt components and systems to correct faults and achieve desired performance levels.
e Inspected vehicles to assess damage and strategize repair plans.
¢ Used diagnostics and troubleshooting tools to identify failures and equipment issues.
¢ Calibrated repaired systems to meet performance specifications outlined by manufacturers.
e Evaluated vehicle schematics to assess required parts and order accordingly.

e Tested electronic components and computer controls with specialized devices.

Education and Training

Associate Degree : Automotive Technology, 09/2012
IntelliTec College - Grand Junction - Grand Junction, CO
¢ Ranked in Top 1 % of class
¢ National Technical Honor Society Recipient
¢ Major in Automotive Technology
¢ 3.9GPA

Class A CDL: Truck Driving, 05/1996

SAGE Corp Truck Driving School/Training - Grand Junction, CO
e Class A CDL Recipient
* Doubles, Triples, and Tanker Endorsements Recipient