SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Iam a very hard working and dedicated person. I am very good with catching on and learning fast on a task. I enjoy hands on work as Iruna

facing team and take very much pride into my work. I can do fabrication work and weld and have good skills with computer diagnostics for
troubleshooting a problem and can following diagrams very well.

I work very good with others and willing to take orders and see the project through to the end. I am willing to listen and learn from anyone
and also show what I know myself to try and better me and my team. I am willing to take on new challenges and stay focused on them till 1
have achieved my goal. I am very good with multitasking and paying attention to the fine detail that is needed to make the job that much

better upon completion.

SKILLS

* Safety Protocols

e Training & Development

¢ Troubleshooting and Diagnostics e Basic Math

¢ Equipment Repair e Friendly, Positive Attitude
« Organizational Skills ¢ Computer Skills

e Planning & Organizing e Customer Service

¢ People Skills

e Flexible Schedule

e¢ Good Work Ethic
© Active Listening

« Maintenance & Repair e PPE Use

« Team Management

e Can Weld and Fabricate

¢ Supervision & Leadership e Very Good with Hand and Power Tools

« Critical Thinking

EXPERIENCE

08/2022 to Current

06/2021 to 07/2022

06/2019 to 05/2021

e Very Hard Worker and take pride in my work

Agricultural Mechanic
Trinity Industries Inc — Bloomsburg, PA

e Installed and maintained irrigation systems using troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve problems.
e Repair Damaged Tractors that come in on skids from Korea

¢ Toubleshoot problems and communicate back Korea on solutions

e Assembly new Tractors

e Hydraulic Line Routing and Pressure Testing

e Wiring Problems Repairing and Tracing broken Wires

+

e Understood and followed oral and written directions.

e Planned and completed group projects, working smoothly with others.

¢ Communicated with clients during service calls for top-quality customer service.

¢ Completed simple and advanced repairs according to specifications for brakes, exhaust and electrical systems.

Mechanical Supervisor
Lennox Companies — Robinsonville, MS

e Trained and monitored employees to teach daily tasks and improve performance.
e Same Tasks as when I worked here before except I come back in as a Equipment Mechanic 2 instead of Equipment
Mechanic 1

Maintenance Technician
Ciocca Dealerships — Pleasantville, NJ

e Inspected, operated or tested machinery or equipment to diagnose machine malfunctions.
e Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventive maintenance on HVAC systems.
« Repaired machines, equipment or structures using tools or equipment.

e Worked on all Hydovac systems and Water blasters

© Worked in Mills on Outages to replace cleaning heads and pump packings as neeeded

e Used Hydrovac Truck to remove Slug and Green Liquor off Boiler Lines

e Disassembled appliances to diagnose problems and facilitate repairs.

® Operated hand and power tools to complete repairs.

e Adjusted devices or control instruments using hand tools, levels or straightedges.

¢ Ordered parts, supplies or equipment from catalogs or suppliers.

e Aligned and balanced new equipment after installation.

¢ Cleared clogged drains and replaced valves, faucets and fixtures.

12/2017 to 06/2019 Diesel Technician

The Town Of Vernon, Ct — Vernon, CT

© Worked on all Class A over the road Semi Trucks

e Rebuilt Engines, Transmissions, Rear ends

e Installed and adjusted Brakes, Kingpins, and Clutches

© Utilized vehicle computer electronics systems to interpret failure modes to initiate or assign repairs.
e Performed warranty service and filed all paperwork.

e Full Services on engines, Transmissions, Rear ends, and A/C Units

e Raised trucks, buses and heavy parts or equipment with hydraulic jacks or hoists.

e Removed malfunctioning parts and repaired components or installed new ones.

e Tested electronic computer components in automobiles to determine proper operation.

e Conferred with customers to obtain descriptions of vehicle problems and discuss repair requirements.
e Checked vehicle mileage and determined necessary belts, fluids flushing or gasket replacements.

e Performed troubleshooting and diagnostic procedures to locate source of malfunctions.

06/2015 to 09/2017 Mechanic

City Of Roanoke Rapids Public Works — City, STATE

© Monitored shop equipment to maintain safe working condition.

e Maintained garage safety protocols to meet regulatory and company expectations.

e Removed old oil, replace filters and added correct amount of new [Type] oil.

© Repaired, replaced and adjusted brakes.

e Maintained all City owned vehicles and equipment.

e Executed preventive and corrective maintenance on work trucks and other vehicles.

¢ Performed maintenance inspections, tune-ups, oil changes and other key services.

¢ Performed troubleshooting and diagnostic procedures to locate source of malfunctions.
e Trained and guided employees on correct methods for performing different repairs and maintenance services.
¢ Kept detailed records of repairs, labor involved and parts used.

¢ Conducted test drives before and after repair services.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2015

High School Diploma
Halifax Academy - Roanoke Rapids, NC