JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

OBJECTIVE / PROFESSINAL SUMMARY

Secure the position of the El Dorado County Agricultural Commissioner/Sealer where I can leverage my experience in agriculture and
measurement standards and use my background in management in a way that is mutually beneficial to myself, the department and the
agricultural/weights and measures community of San Bernardino County.

Over 19 years of experience providing service excellence with an amalgamation of education in agricultural biology and public
administration. Integrated high-quality personal characteristics with extensive administrative supervision, management, and budgeting skills.
Refined experience in team building and development, strategic planning and execution, with an innovative focus on propelling the mission
goals of a public service industry forward.

SKILLS
e Administrative duties ® Organizational
¢ Budget preparation e Performance reviews
¢ Human Resources/Personnel e Recruiting
« Team management ° Staffing
EXPERIENCE

09/2019 to Current Assistant Agricultural Commissioner / Sealer
Los Angeles County — Los Angeles, CA

e Acting Commissioner in the absence of the Agricultural Commissioner/ Sealer.

e Assist in the management of 53 full time employees.

e Prepare, and manage the administration of, the annual departmental budget ($7 million dollars); maintain cost
controls to assure compliance with budget provisions; direct the maintenance of records, report preparation,
systems, and programs.

¢ Responsible for all COVID-19 related activities and mandates such as contact tracing protocols, rembursement
claims, prevention plans, telecommuting, reopening protocols.

e Acting as a liaison between the Department, Human Resources and Public Health.

Participated in the implementation of fieldworker safety protocols and Housing for Harvest program in Riverside

County.

e Assist in the planning and direction of all programs of the department; asset in developing and implementing
departmental policy in administrative matters; confer with and advise division managers on the most efficient and
effective use of the department resources.

e Analyze, interpret, and direct implementation of new legislation and policies from the Board of Supervisors,
California Department of Food and Agriculture, Department of Pesticides Regulation, and the United States
Department of Agriculture; coordinate federal, state, and intergovernmental fiscal and operational relationships.

e Develop, coordinate, and promote effective working relationships and cooperative programs with other County
departments and local, state, and federal agencies.

¢ Responsible for all departmental personnel matters in their entirety; represent the department on disciplinary
matters.

e Represent the department before civic or professional groups. committee meetings, and other technical and

administrative conferences; initiate and coordinate press releases, and radio and television interviews pertaining to

the department's activities.

Collaborated with the Human Resources Department to develop training surveys and implement monthly and

annual training sessions for our staff to enhance the effectiveness of the department, increase revenue and to meet
budget guidelines.
¢ Developed and maintained departmental newsletters and strive to keep everyone abreast of the activities that
concern agriculture and/or weights and measures.
Actively participated in Joint Labor Meetings to address personnel concerns and work towards attaining mutual
objectives.

01/2016 to 09/2019 Deputy Agricultural Commissioner/Sealer
Riverside County Agricultural Commissioner’s Office — City, STATE

e Supervised, assigned, reviewed, and participated in the work of staff responsible for agricultural programs related
to the enforcement of the California Food and Agricultural Code, and the California Business and Professions
Code.

e Ensured work quality and adherence to established policies and procedures; and performed technical and complex
tasks relative to the assigned areas of responsibility.

e Reviewed compliance history to determine enforcement actions and issued Notices of Proposed Action for various
programs.

Compiled reports and responded to public information requests.

e Selected, supervised, and evaluated staff competencies; issued performance reviews.

e Worked independently, prioritized work, coordinated program activities and met critical deadlines.

© Monitored and interpreted budgets and other financial documents related to the following managed programs: Pest
Exclusion, High Risk, Nursery, Glassy-winged Sharpshooter, Fruit and Vegetable Standardization, California
Organic, Petroleum and Weighmaster Riverside County Ordinances, and other agricultural and wights and
measures programs.

¢ Interpreted, applied, and enforced applicable federal, state, and local laws, codes, and regulations in an impartial
manner.

© Collected, compiled, and analyzed a variety of data/information for the annual crop report and record keeping
purposes.

e Wrote reports, policies, and procedures in a clear, concise, organized, and accurate manner.

© Originated effective presentations and responded to questions from various forums, including boards, committees,
and the public.

e Represented the department on various outreach events.

e Actively participated in the recruiting, interviewing, and selecting staff.

e Assisted in the implementation of the first Systems Approach Nursery Certification Program in California.

04/2002 to Current Senior Agricultural Biologist
El DoradoCounty Agricultural Commissioner’s Office — City, STATE

e Assisted managers with budget preparation including monitoring of revenues and expenditures.

e Evaluated staffing demands for various projects and assisted staff with assigned work programs.

e Coordinated training sessions and daily work assignments.

e Supervised and evaluated the work of staff in various programs including Pest Detection and Pest Exclusion,
Pesticide Use Enforcement, Nursery and Seed Inspections, Egg Quality Inspections, and Fruit and Vegetable
Quality Control

e Reviewed and issued staff progress reports.

e Facilitated meetings between customers and county, state or federal employees.

12/2003 to 12/2012 Agricultural & Standards Investigator IV
Riverside County Agricultural Commissioner’s Office — City, STATE

e Ensured the proper, safe, and efficient use of pesticides.

¢ Monitored pesticide use through on-site field inspections and record audits of employers and licensed businesses.

¢ Inspected agriculturally produced commodities at production, wholesale, and retail levels.

e Performed phytosanitary inspections and issued certificates that attest cleanliness and quarantine compliance of
agricultural commodities.

e Participated as part of the County Hazardous Materials 24 hour Emergency Team.

e Evaluated applications for permits to use pesticides designated as “Restricted Use” taking into account: the vicinity
of schools, hospitals, recreation areas, and dwellings, safety of handlers and fieldworkers.

e Conducted investigations to enforce the provisions of the California Food and Agricultural Code, California Code
of Regulations and California Business and Professions Code.

e Enforced agricultural and structural pesticide laws and regulations.

e Assisted in preparing court cases by completing inspection reports.

e Attended office Hearings.

EDUCATION
2014 Master of Public Administration
California Baptist University - Riverside
2002 Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Biology
California State Polytechnic University - Pomona
1999 Associate of Science

Riverside Community College - Riverside
QuauiricatTions/ACTIVITIES

¢ Possession of the following valid statewide specific licenses:

e Agricultural Commissioner

e County Sealer of Weights and Measures

¢ Member of the California Association of Standards and Agricultural Professionals.

¢ Member of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Foreign Languages: Romanian
e Read and write fluently.