JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Skilled Construction Technician with over 10 years of experience, strong track record of success in maintenance, repair and general labor.
Flexible work and shift schedule with expertise operating basic hand and power tools. Hardworking and disciplined with strong program
management and team leadership skills. Adept at improving company policies, educating workers and resolving problems with a proactive
approach. Seasoned Safety Coordinator with 5 years of progressive experience in the field. Looking for a growth-oriented position with a

progressive company.

SKILLS
e Safety Procedures e Basic knowledge of HVAC and plumbing
¢ Dependable and punctual e Cleaning and sanitation
¢ Highly organized e Interior and exterior cleaning
e Hardworking e Preventive and reparative maintenance
e Power and hand tools e Team work
e Electrical installation and repair ¢ Retail materials management
e Masonry work ¢ Problem solving
e Interior equipment installation e Basic computer skills (Outlook, Excel, Power Point and Word)
Work HIsTory

Safety Coordinator, 08/2017 - Current
Coca-Cola — Cidra, PR
¢ Provided instructions to staffers during fire drills including evacuation routes and proper reporting techniques.
e Inspected facilities to ensure adherence to fire, hazard and safety guidelines.
* Conducted investigations into incidents and reported on findings.
¢ Responded to any emergencies as instructed and with utmost efficiency.
* Coached employees, managers and executives on effective safety policies.
e Performed regular safety hazard assessments to reduce risks and promote positive behaviors at all levels.
e Investigated accidents and hazardous incidents to determine cause and made recommendations for corrective action.

e Handled and distributed important documents.

Agricultural Worker , 12/2011 - 07/2017
H&R Block, Inc. — Lambertville, MI
e Irrigated farm soil and performed repairs and routine maintenance on pipes and pumps.
e Harvested and inspected carrots crops.
e Lifted 40 to 65 pounds and displayed superior strength and stamina in harsh weather conditions.
e Handled and moved various plants and produce using forklift.

e Improved quality processes for increased efficiency and effectiveness.

Customer Service . 01/2010 - 03/2011
Alchemy Systems — Middleton, WI
© Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and services and creating
welcoming, positive experiences.
e Assisted customers by listening closely, finding solutions to problems and making recommendations based on extensive product
knowledge.
e Responded to customer requests, offering excellent support and tailored recommendations to address needs.

Construction Technician, 01/2002 - 12/2009
Estrada's Drywall — City, STATE
e Applied sealing compound over cracks, holes and nail heads using trowels, broad-knives or spatulas.
e Inspected surfaces to evaluate quality and applied extra attention to fill in holes and rectify errors.
e Applied tape to seal joints by embedding into sealing compound.
e Measured and marked cutting lines on drywall for lengths, heights and penetrations.
e Prepared work area and materials for each day, including power cords, tools and equipment.
e Laid out materials and system components to prepare for installation.
¢ Completed installation of drywall sheets on commercial and residential properties.
* Roughened undercoat with scratcher to provide bond for succeeding coats of plaster.
e Effectively and independently estimated quantity of materials needed to perform work.
© Cleaned exterior of buildings using motorized power washer.
¢ Prepared surfaces and surrounding areas for painting using sandpaper, tape and other materials.
e Applied primer, paints, varnishes and lacquers to walls and surfaces using traditional and sprayer methods.

EDUCATION

Architectural And Building Sciences

Universiad Autonoma De Baja California - Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico

High School Diploma: 06/2000
CBTis #140 - Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico
Construction Technician And General Studies