JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced agricultural worker with over 40+ years of experience in the farming and ranching livelihoods. Good reputation for resolving
problems and improving customer satisfaction. Enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work. attention to detail and
excellent organizational skills. Committed to learning. growing, and excelling in the agricultural environment. Recognized consistently for
performance excellence and contributions to success in the farming industry. Looking for a new long-term position with a company. Seasoned
agricultural worker accustomed to long, hard workdays. Acquainted with use, care, and operation of light and heavy agricultural equipment.
Extensive knowledge on safety procedures for handling hazardous materials and operating heavy equipment. Reliable farmer adept at
working with numerous crops from planting through harvest. Knowledgeable about equipment operation, soil preparation, and cultivation
techniques. Worked a wide range of jobs in any weather to support all farm needs. Tended to crops and plants while maximizing efforts to
prevent pests and crop death.

SKILLS
¢ Organization and Time management ¢ Incumbent Weather Procedures
e Project Management e Irrigation system
* Detail-oriented e Crop Inspection
« Basic math * Soil preparation
e Flexible & Adaptable * Quality controls
e Training & Development e Safety standards and protocols
« Responsible e Budget management
¢ Interpersonal Communication e Heavy equipment operations
e Customer service © Soil augmentation
¢ Crop rotation, cultivating, and harvesting e Worker management
e Insecticides Application © Safety
Work History

01/2020 to Current Agricultural Worker
Dartmouth College — Hanover, NH
¢ Handled and harvested various plants using tractors and other farm equipment.
e Checked farmland for issues in need of attention, such as sprinklers and broken pipes to fix.
© Operated compost machinery.
¢ Prepared soil for planting.
* Visited fields regularly to inspect and estimate maturity dates of crops, damage due to weather, and for crop
condition and disease.
¢ Operated farm equipment such as tractors and trucks with extreme care and precision.
e Performed repairs and preventive maintenance on equipment and property.
e Implemented cultivation process to improve efficiency and profitability.

01/2014 to 01/2020 Self Employed Agricultural
Wurdeman Custom Haying And Manure Hauling — City, STATE
e Cared for livestock by cleaning pens and facilities.
e Handled and moved various hay and grass using tractors and other implements.
¢ Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start immediately.
e Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.
¢ Improved reputation of business through consistent hard work and dedication to customer.
e Actively listened to customers to address inquiries, concerns, and provide excellent service through respect,
friendliness, and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
e Successfully maintain clean, valid driver's license and access to reliable transportation.
¢ Displayed superior strength and stamina in harsh weather conditions.
e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
© Monitored all company inventory to ensure supplies were ready and available.
© Delivered exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions.
e Assessed farm activities to comply with government regulations.
e Operated farm equipment such as tractors and trucks with extreme care and precision.
e Inspected, maintained, and repaired various farming equipment.
¢ Visited fields regularly to inspect and estimate maturity dates of grass and hay crops and damage due to weather.
e Hired, scheduled and supervised employee work schedules and work environments.
¢ Maintained business records and documentation.
e Budgeted equipment purchases and regular repairs.

03/2004 to 01/2014 Farm Hand
Terry Brown Ranch — City, STATE

© Operated farm equipment such as tractors, implements, and trucks with extreme care and precision to prepare soil
for planting, fertilizing, cultivation, rotation, and harvesting crops.

e Analyzed soil to measure pH, minerals, and organics to judge best fertilizer and amendments for maximum crop
production.

e Determined pest and weed issues and applied pesticides, herbicides and fertilizers while maintaining human and
animal safety.

e Irrigated farm soil and performed repairs and routine maintenance on sprinklers. pipes, and pumps during growing
seasons and closely monitored crops for growth progress or issues.

e Planted crops in fields, helping employer distribute seeds and plan harvesting schedules.

e Planted ground crops to control weeds and soil temperatures.

¢ Checked farmland for issues in need of attention, such as fences to mend and broken pipes to fix.

e Repaired farm vehicles, including tillers, tractors and trucks completing both emergency and preventive
maintenance quickly and accurately to maintain proper working order.

© Used grease guns and oil cans to lubricate and adjust farm equipment.

¢ Helped prepare animals for transfers to locations.

e Examined animals to detect illness, injury or disease.

e Assisted in farm animal breeding and raising procedures.

¢ Monitored inventories of animal feed, planting supplies, and farm tools to maintain smooth farm operations.

e Fed and watered animals several times daily providing fresh feed and supplements according to strict feeding
schedules and dietary needs.

e Watched animals for changes in behavior or demeanor or signs of illness.

e Cleared away animal waste.

¢ Directed sustainable waste recycling operations to reduce environmental impact.

¢ Followed safety-based and successful protocols to build trust and break animals in for farm or performance
requirements.

e Placed orders for animal food with vendors and confirmed delivery dates and times.

¢ Documented animal growth, production costs, individual behaviors, feeding patterns and other data in daily logs
and main database, noting trends and identifying areas of concern.

e Tracked technical improvements to save on ranch overhead.

e Assisted in birth of new livestock including pulling calves.

e Patrolled grazing grounds using ATVs and horses to monitor animals and determine movement, care or health-
related needs.

¢ Controlled livestock herds by moving to pastures, scales and trucks for transfer to market, slaughterhouse or
alternate grazing.

e Branded or tagged livestock.

e Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule.

¢ Monitored inventory to ensure supplies were updated and available.

© Worked flexible hours: night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

¢ Displayed superior strength and stamina in harsh weather conditions.

e Expanded agricultural services to incorporate introduction of new time-saving technology.

e Trained part-time help in livestock care and ranch operations.

¢ Improved production through consistent hard work and dedication to employer.

e Handled day-to-day operations to ensure high levels of productivity and progression.

EpucaATION

05/1979 High School Diploma
Lakeview High School - Columbus, NE