Sarah Allison West Virginia, Clarksburg

+(310)7895 456
sarahallison@example.com

Linkedin - www. linkedin. com/me/sarahallison578

Fashion Designer

Summary

Extremely visionary and creative fashion design professional with 10+ years of experience in producing exceptional
clothing for any type of customer. Make new trends from multiple fashion design software by updating with the
current fashions. Awarded as the American Womenswear Designer of the Year of the Council of Fashion Designers
of America, Inc. (CFDA) in 2016.

Skills

Adobe Illustrator Adobe InDesign Budgeting Pattern Making Clothing Technology
Oral and written communication Computer skills Flexibility Leadership skills

Experience

Textile engineering

Senior Fashion Designer

Christian Dior S.A., New Mexico / Jan 2015 - Present

¢ Monitored all 10 members of the design team for creating women’s winter suits.

¢ Reviewed more than 4 fashions per week and selected and recommended the best materials for the finished
garments.

e Planned and organized the first annual fashion show and increased brand awareness by 20%.

e Won the American Womenswear Designer of the Year awarded by CFDA in 2016.

Fashion Designer
Valentino S.P.A, New York / Jan 2010 - Dec 2014

e Created more than 5 flat sketches per week including colors by using adobe illustrator and Photoshop.
e Led or co-led both the designing and developing processes of all products.

e Developed the fair budget and schedule according to the client specifications.

e Appreciated and awarded as the employee of the month for the best performance.

Education

Bachelor’s Degree In Fashion Design
INTO Washington State University, Pullman / Jan 2006 - Dec 2009

e Relevant Coursework:- Apparel Construction Methods, Computer-Aided Design, Manufacturing Technology,
Elements of Textiles, Leather Designing, Pattern Making & Garment Construction, History of Costumes.
e¢ GPA:- 3.45

Click To Edit This Resume

American Womenswear Designer - 2016
The Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA)