Robert Smith CONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

. e Alabarna
Clothing Sales Associate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.cor
PERSONAL STATEMENT
4 friendly, loyal and clearly dedicated Clothing Sales Associate with less SKILLS”
than a year of experience who has the ambition to succeed in any given Customer Service, Cash
environment. Love to learn and | am always up to challenge whatever the H sekeeping,
situation, | get along well with others, | also work efficiently on my own. | in boatlie iia
am seeking a position where | can interact, assist customers/quest/patients,
Computer
WORK EXPERIENCE
LANGUAGES
Clothing Sales Associate
Banana Republic - January 2017 - October 2017 English (Native)
Responsibilities: French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)
= Responsible for sizing sorting ticketing and theft censoring clothing,
* Worked in receiving from customers and was an excellent cashier,
= Was a go-to person for customers concerns and questions and helped INTERESTS
measure people for suits and other garments as needed. Climbing
» Suggested the fashion styles for those In need. Helped train new hires Snowboarding
as well as making tasks more manageable throughout the store, Cooking
« Kept the store clean and organized on a daily basis, Reading
= Skilledin handling customers at rush hour and collecting payment for
sold merchandise.
» Assisted customers In finding proper clothing products to match their REFERENCES
next adventure. Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Clothing Saies Associate Reference - 2 (Company
Budas Boutique - February 2016 - November 2016 Name)
Responsibilities;
* Handled returns and answering questions about the products, policy,
and services,

» Responsible for ensuring exemplary customer service by delivering the
ultimate experience.

= Developed a personal clientele through effective use of the selling skills,
proactive client outreach and use of client book.

* Communicated the brand aesthetic, brand philosophy and lifestyle to
the customer,

= Demonstrated interest and ability to work as part of a team.

» Accurately processed all POS transactions,

= Adhered to and applied the visual directives, ensured that the store
standards are executed daily.

Education

High School Or Equivalent in Diploma - August 2013 to May
2016(Miami Jackson Senior High School - Miami, FL )High School Or
Equivalent - ()

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines