Robert Smith

Apparel Manager! Supervisor

PERSONAL STATEMENT

The Apparel Manager researches the market, creates the apparel plans,
guides product development, and achieves financial targets to ensure the
growth and health of our business, This position will manage the Apparel,
Pack, Bag, Accessory, and POP product lines for most of our brands.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel! Manager/ Supervisor
ABC Corporation- December 2010 - February 2011
Re sponsibilities:
«= Manage the product life cycle for key apparel groups with cross-
functional partners, merchandise, design, and planning
= Own overseas product development and production of wovens and
denim experience
= Maintain detailed calendars and costing tools
= Working closely with design
« Negotiate bulk costs with rnills and factories
= Work closely with factories and logistics team to ensure timely delivery
= Create and allocate POs for new and replenishment orders

Apparel! Manager
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2010
Re sponsibilities:
= Managed a $5 milllon department within a $16 million store including all
functions sales, operations, Staffing and training, shipment receiving
and.
= Promoted fromm seasonal employee to Apparel Manager in 4 months.
= Ran the Nike apparel section and oversaw all apparel projects.
* Trained new hires.
« Manager of clothing department, including Wrangler, Carhartt, Under
Armor, and other national brands,
= Duties include ordering, stocking, display, and all other aspects of the
day to day operations of the clothing departrnert.
= This department is one of the top-grossing departments In the store,
and also among the approximately 80 other stores in the chain.

Education
General Education - 2002(Foothill College- Los Altos, CA)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Cornmunication skills,
Creativity,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)