Robert Smith CONTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

Apparel Designer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Highly creative, goal oriented and disciplined Individual, shaped by years of SKILLS

experience as an entrepreneur focused on perfection, Decisive, Autocad, Revit, Goagle
Individualized thinker who enjoys being challenged with new and diverse Sketchup, Adobe
tasks, Create conceptual design sketches which convey body, styling, fit Creative Suite, Microsoft

intent, fabrics, trims and colors, Executing the design and developrnent of

product based on creative direction, product brief and line plan. Office Suite, Hand

Rendering, Sketching,
WORK EXPERIENCE

inet india LANGUAGES
ABC Corporation~- January 2013 - January 2013 English (Native)
a French (Professional)
Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional)

= Designed mens technical outerwear, softshell, woven shirts, and
swimwear Helped design launch of full collection in all categories for

Womens Line; INTERESTS

= Developed the apparel collection.

= Printed and researched current trends, presented concept boards ta Set cde
design director/ owner each season Managed all. Cooking
* Worked knowledge and understanding of apparel construction. Reading
= Developed design concepts and solutions based on creative briefs and
clients&rsquo; business strategy,
= Executed and produced design communications for diverse media REFERENCES
(print, web, packaging) with a focus on the craft of design.
* Assisted in creation of presentation/workshop documents and tools. canst SREY,
Reference - 2 (Cornpany
Apparel! Designer Name)
Delta Corporation - 2011-2013
Re sponsibilities-

« Private label apparel designer for Billabong, RVCA, Tillys and other
action sports brands Setting tone for color and design including; woven
tops, .

* Managing merchandise boards, colors and modifying sketches for mens
snow, surf and accessories lines Created merchandising boards for line ,

= Bringing cohesive design ideas to concept threw seasonal research of
color and styles Coordinated with development, marketing and creative
director .

« Apparel designer for button down woven, polo and bottorns Creating
design and graphics for mens golf assortment Collected inspiration. and
color for,

= Designed and modified photoshop prints for fabric production and
development including repeat pattems Created line lists and color way
boards for .

= Design research in launching first LRG womens brand Developed trim,
art patterns, color options and presentations for womens launch Excel
tech ,

« Flat sketch designs from concept to protos, working with design team
Working on merchandising boards and boards for buyers and factories

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines