cafe Gray Hudson

info@resumekraft.com
BUYER/MERCHANDISER

1 +1-202-555-0114
Q Charlotte, North Carolina

in https:/Awww.linkedin.com/gray

SUMMARY
EDUCATION Highly accomplished professional with two years of experience in the fasnion
industry in areas of buying, merchandising, forecasting, market analysis, and
M.S. in Global fashion Enterprise customer service. A double degree in the same has enhanced my capacity to
Aug 2016 - May 2018 work on the deliverables to produce a considerable output.
The University of Texas
e Member of Delta MU Delta
e Thesis: Business Expansion of EXPERIENCE
Abercrombie & Fitch
e Graduated with 3.93 GPA Assistant Buyer Trainee Sep 2019 - Present
Martin Grand - Westside Home
Bachelor in Management e Assist the buyer in creating core product mixes that are customer oriented and
Jun 2013 - Apr 2016 curated to achieve company profit.

NY Institute of Technology e Concepted, sourced and developed 7 product categories in the Home department

along with the buyer.
e Attends key meetings such as Bestsellers, Design, Costing and Sample Approval.
e Analyzed sales figures on a daily basis, with special emphasis on inventory levels
and vendor performance.
e Analyzed sales product performance to determine if markdowns were required.

e Concentration in Marketing

e Thesis: Research on Marketing Strategy
of L'Oreal

e Graduated with 3.9 GPA

e Created Visual Merchandising strategies and executed them across 80 stores.

SKILLS e Collaborated with cross functional teams including Merchandising, Sourcing
Technology, Marketing.

e Maintained industry knowledge: researched and explored marketplace and
category trends

Microsoft Office - Word, PowerPoint, Excel

Adobe Suite — Photoshop, Illustrator,

InDesign '
J Assistant Buyer Aug 2018 - Apr 2019

JVM Forman Mills
e Maintained open to buy report and delivery log and managed receipt flow to
PLM Software - Yunique Gerber ensure optimum sales and inventory results.

Analytical Skills

e Reviewed, processed and tracked monthly replenishment orders, as well as
Problem Solving emergency orders when applicable.

e Ensured timely delivery of merchandise through consistent communication with

Marketin
g vendors and distribution center.

e Generated and distributed weekly sales and style selling reports for the Divisional
Merchandising Manager.

e Analyzed sales figures, customer's reactions and market trends to anticipate
product needs and plan product ranges/stock.

e Collaborated with suppliers, distributors and analysts to negotiate prices,
quantities and time-scales

Merchandising Intern Jan 2018 - May 2018
The New Standard Edition
e Contributed to different projects undertaken by the buyer & designer.

e Initiated a new bedding line of comforters and sheet sets in Bed, Bath & Beyond
and an active wear line in Footlocker.

e Planned and developed merchandising strategies for these brands that would
balance customers’ expectations and objectives.

e Updated inventory on The New Standard Edition website on a timely basis,
managed E-commerce business and researched opportunities to grow revenue.

e Researched potential target customers for new its brand. Identified POP up shop
opportunity and essential sales events.