job Ltd, Street, Bir mi a6
STEVE HILL Seem et, Birmingham 818 GNF

FASHION RETAIL ASSISTANT W: wore dayjob.cam

Summary

Skills

Career

Academic

A confident, energetic retail assistant who is passionate about high street fashion and excited by
this challenging fast paced environment. Able to take initiative and plan efficiently without having
to take direction at all times, and working in a fashion retail store that has a annual tumover of £2
million. A strong team leader with an entrepreneurial spirit, who thinks outside of the box, and
enjoys being an ambassador for the business. Now looking for a opportunity to work for a
company who truly value their staff and will strive to develop their career to the next stage.

Fashion Retail Personal

Styling Customer service skills Sociable personality
Art & Design Up selling Team player

Buyer IT literate Self motivated

Brand knowledge Marketing & promotions Creative

Creative thinking Deadline orientated Responsible

Fashion drawing Great sense of style Dedicated

Pattern making Stockroom procedures High levels of integrity
Corsetry Attention to detail Loyalty

RETAIL ASSISTANT May 2009 - Present
Fashion Retailer

Working as part of an enthusiastic team within a commercial, sales driven and fast paced fashion
retail environment. Responsible for driving sales, ensuring good customer service, building
relationships suppliers, and ensuring the smooth running of the shop floor.

Actively greeting customers and maintaining a level of conversation during theirstore visit.
Taking decisive action to improve the branch performance.

Dealing with all customer complaints ina professional and courteous manner.

Sourcing major and unique fashion show's and events.

Attending and representing the business at trade shows and extemal events.

Maintaining superb visual standards within the store.

Promoting specific lines under the guidance of management.

Unpacking and checking all new stock deliveries.

C2888) B2'87-8

FASHION SALES ASSISTANT Feb 2009 - May 2009
Department Store

Nuneaton University 2006 - 2009
Fashion & Design BA {Hons}

Nuneaton College 2004 - 2006