Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Apparel Manager Website : www.qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Lead the overall POD tears (design/development) in the creation of short and long-term
strategies, tactical product executions and innovations as the leader in Performance Apparel. To
execute and manage the product process from clear briefs to range launch, To provide briefs
which give clear product direction and information to developrnent and design partners.

SKILLS

Customer Service, Creativity, Cornmunication Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Manager
ABC Corporation - 1985 - 1987

Manage daily retall operations.

Responsible for interviewing, placernent, training and managing employees In clothing and
millinery sales.

Promote new fashions, and designed and conducted marketing surveys,

Demonstrate creative skills with the recognized in-store layout for buying appeal.

Play 4 significant role in helping this store ranked top ten for sales In the Southern Region,
To manage an effective sales strategy for the store.

Develop effective relationships with management to erisure the timely delivery of
merchandise,

Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2014-2015

Scheduled ernployees Sold apparel Stock duties Oversaw sales staff.

Responsible for inventory control, scheduling of all departrnents, merchandising, and handling

of all currency transactions.

Another important responsibility was recruiting, hiring, and training of potential and employed
ersonnel,

aoe supervision, scheduling, payroll, inventory control, and marketing:

Provided overall management of menswear, ladies, childrens and accessory departments

producing $4.3 million in sales Tracked Inventory and sales

Monitored and redistributed Inventory to equalize stock levels arnong 12 stores,

Conducted on-the-job training for new assistant managers.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Marketing - (Tray State University - Tray, AL)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings