Name
City, State
name@gmail.com ° 555.555.5555 « linkedin.com/in/your-profile

Proven Manager: Apparel, Accessories, Fitness, Garment Manufacturing, Procurement, Product Development Sustainability

Self-directed and driven clothing accessories professional with comprehensive accomplishments leading product
management, development, softline sourcing, production planning, shipping, and cross-functionabteams'to achieve goals. An
innovative thinker with strong fashion, food, beverage, e-commerce, and retail store operation.acumen. Demonstrated
success in developing and executing plans in complex, fast-paced organizations. Recognized for implementing impactful
strategies by analyzing the details to understand the competition, emerging trends, and supply chain relationships. Highly
organized, creative problem-solver who excels at guiding teams through challenging projects. Expertise includes managing
manufacturing contracts, budgets, products, and advising C-level executives.

* Apparel, Clothing Accessories * Fast-Fashion « Garment Manufacturing * Produit Development, Management «
Merchandising * Category Management ¢ Private Label Branding *Consumer. Products © Softlines & Hardlines * Retail
Store Operations ¢ Transportation « Logistics ¢ Supply Chain « Inventory. ° Procurement ¢ Asia, China Outsourcing Pricing,
Budget ¢ Cost, Data, Trend Analysis * Sustainability « Technology « Collaboration * People, Vendor Management ¢ Spanish
Language

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GMPC, New York, NY 2016-Present
Designs and manufactures apparel and accessories fortep brands in sports, urban, fashion, outdoor, and lifestyle industries.
Manager, Product Development/Management Fashion Accessories

* Oversee the highest-grossing account in the accessory division of private label hats, gloves, scarves, fitness, backpacks for
client Target stores, and two staff.

® Manage product development samples by.collaborating with design to source materials, analyze cost and forecast demand.

® Achieve profit growth and costreduction by negotiating favorable terms with manufacturers in China, India, and Indonesia.

* Meet product delivery deadlines by managing production planning, logistics, supply chain, tracking, and import regulations.

* Ensure factories in Asia follow compliance standards for quality, sustainability, labor laws, and safety via onsite inspections.

® Obtain client approvahthrough impactful written, verbal, and presentation communications.

* Travel to Chiniato.meet with factories to negotiate terms and costs.

* Awarded Employee of the Year and Product Developer of the Year.

David'& Young, New York, NY 2014-2016
Designs and.manufactures apparel and accessories for major retailers such as Macy's and Nordstrom.
Production Manager, Fashion Accessories

® Supervised manufacturing of private label hats, gloves, scarves, outerwear, hair accessories for Amazon, Nordstrom, Kohls,
and Target stores and two staff.

* Supplied products to clients on-time by managing production plans, logistics, supply chain, tracking, and import compliance.

® Managed product development, material procurement, manufacturing, labels, packaging, inventory, and vendor scorecards.

® Guaranteed initial mark-up and quality goals were met by negotiating contracts with manUfactufers in China and Korea.

® Ensured factories in Asia follow quality, sustainability, labor laws, and safety compliante standards via onsite inspections.

Capelli New York, New York, NY 2011-2014
Designs, manufactures and markets private label apparel accessories, jewelty,hosiery, footwear, rainwear, and sleepwear.
Assistant Manager, Fashion Accessories Production

* Supported manufacturing of private label hats, gloves, scarves, hair accessories, and outerwear for Walmart, Kohls,
Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, Costco, JC Penney, and Target stores.

e Ensured on-time product development by collaborating with design to source materials, analyze cost, and forecast demand.

* Checked initial mark-up, due dates, and quality goals are met by negotiating costs and communicating with manufacturers.

Whole Foods Market, West Orange, NJ 2009-2011
Grocery retailer of high-quality natural and organic products, with $178 in revenue, 500+ stores, 90,000 employees.
Manager, Coffee Procurement/Buyer

© Supervised the store coffee category through the,optimal assortment, shelf set plan, merchandising, price and marketing.
® Managed vendors on availability, distribution, delivery, and price; maintained purchase records and processed invoices.

¢ Validated that product sourcedwasicertified as organic and met standards for sustainability and other quality factors.

* Exceeded profit margin and revenue targets, launched new products, and delegated tasks to team members.

Charlotte Russe, Paramus, NJ 2004-2008
Provides value-priced apparel for young-minded fashionistas, express themselves through personal style at with 500 stores.
Manager, Visual Merchandiser

® Maximized sales\by merchandising garments in the mannequin windows and store displays leveraging fashion trends.
® Verified.that apparel and accessories were displayed in high-traffic areas according to planograms.
© Managed customer purchases, returns, exchanges, inventory, fitting rooms, and cash balancing as a store key holder.

EDUCATION
BA, Bachelor of Arts, Fashion Marketing & Management, Berkeley College of New York City, 2009