Apparel Associate Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

To maintain custorner satisfaction and contribute to company sticcess. Personable and responsible
Cashier with years In retail and custorner service..

Microsoft Office, Photoshop, Customer Service, POS, Social Media, Sales, Writing.

Work Experience

Apparel Associate
ABC Corporation - April 2015 - july 2015

Apparel sales associate Acaderny Sports &armp; Outdoors - Foley, AL Maintain up-to-date
knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanaes.

Prevent store lasses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity,

Work as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance, and cleaning,
Answer customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via
phone.

Help customers select products that best fit their personal needs,

Maintain visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store,

Educate customers on product and service offerings,

Apparel Associate
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2015

.

Maintalns shopping areas and dressing roorns; changes displays and reorganize racks as
needed; assist customers as requested,

Completes transactions accurately including ringing up final purchase, exchanges and returns.
Encourages customers to complete credit applications and ensures customers recelve top
service with positive attitude.

Noted for positive attitude, work ethic and dependability,

Organized and priced clothing; maintained shopping areas and dressing roorns; changed
displays and reorganized racks as needed; assisted customers as ,

Completed transactions accurately Including ringing up final purchase, exchanges and
returns.

Encouraged customers to cornplete credit applications and ensured custorners recelved top
service with positive attitude,

Education

Bachelor's In Landscaping Operations Management - 2010(Faulkner University - Gulf Shores, AL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines