ROBERT SMITH
Apparel Designer

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Apparel Designer is Designing for a string of globally recognized brands: Crafting
products that are informed by both trend and history with a concentration in Action

Sports and Apparel. Working well as solo designer, art directing, or being part a team in
order to create the best product possible, Interact cross functionally with PLMs,
Sourting, Developers. Graphic team, Print team, trim team, and Materials on seasonal
line development, including Fit Sessions.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Applications, Data Entry, Shipping And Receiving, Adobe Applications.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Apparel Designer
ABC Corporation - September 1991 - February 1994

Key Deliverables:

* Created repeating prints used for sketches. and for art files used by factory for
production,

* Responsible for reviewing lap dips. fabric submits, and artsubmits by factory.

* Assisted in determining what is acceptable for production.

» Met with Umass Lowell track team, the direct market, to show and discuss
designs.

* Worked on licensed Jantzen USA sportswear.

* Desitned Womens sweaters, knits and cut and sew jerseys.

* Visited local knit factories,

Apparel Designer
Delta Corporation - 1991 - 1991

Key Deliverables:

* Branded and designed company logo Manage and maintain E-commerce
WordPress website www. buoev4.com Create presentations with PowerPoint
Develop.

® Designer and developer through BOM tech packs for SMU apparel, creating
production art graphics in Al Negotiating cost sheets working on excel,

« Independently created young ages 4-6 hoys clothing line +Designed children -
fiendly animals and iconic historic architecture for a Young Explorer .

* Create designs for garments to be sold Put logether templates to be sent to
production.

* Produced multiple lines simultaneously and oversaw their production Contributed
all materials related to the design process including sketching, .

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York; 13420
© Ths: Free Resume Template ts the copyright af Quikresume:.com, Usage Guidelines