a2 Jillian Aldini
43} illian Aldini

[) akiei_fin2 beemall comm

Profile

Reliable and approachable clothing store associate with a motivated attitude and
ability foster wonderful customer experiences, Adept in assisting customers with
all aspects of the shopping experience. from providing information on sales and
promotions to ensuring a smooth and accurate checkout experience.

Employment History

CONE Tie IRON DINE Slane NIN HrUe Ses
© Exhibited enthusiasm and a passion for exceptional customer service during

each and every shift.

© Assisted the store owner with managing inventory and stocking racks.
© Worked well independently and also as a team member,
© Followed instructions and took on miscellaneous duties when needed.
© Strived to maintain an orderly and visually-pleasing store environment.
© Adhered to store protocols and policies at all times.
© Assisted customers with all aspects of the shopping experience,
© Informed customers about store offerings, sales, and promotions.

Sales Associate, Eleanor's Bridal, New York

© Served as an enthusiastic and dedicated bridal team member.

« Worked to ensure that all future brides had an exceptional and unique shopping
experience,

© Listened to customers to fully understand their vision and provided them with
appropriate dress options.

« Prepared fitting rooms and assisted with dress try-ons and fittings as needed,

© Placed orders, scheduled visits, and handled transactions in a secure manner.

Sales Associate, The Blue Turtle, New York
© Worked as a sales associate during the busy holiday season.
« Helped to foster a pleasant and smooth shopping experience.
« Remained up-to-date on new items, sales, and promotions,
© Worked in accordance with store guidelines and policies at all times.

Education
RN NE PEE Le eE meeeN ne Wie

ren 171 ¥ —~ Me

© 324 Jodinsen Street, New York, NY 10002 \ 71820-4009

Great Customer Service

Knowledge of Retail

Creative Problem Solving

Ability to Work in a Tear

Flexibility and Adaptability