Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website : www, qwikre sume, com
Apparel Department Manager Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

A Apparel Department Manager position to apply my creativity and entrepreneurial skills gained
from diverse work experiences that have taught me to communicate effectively, provide excellent
customer service, and initiate leadership.

SKILLS

Visual Merchandising, Marketing, Managernent, Social Media Marketing, Design.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Department Manager
ABC Corporation - june 2014- October 2015

+ Oversaw the entire Apparel Department for the Reston store,

* Created the current Instagram account being used to promote the brand.

+ Merchandised new product dally, as well as managing the apparel tearn,

* Worked one on one with the Visual Manager to create new concepts and design floor plans.

» Analysed business on 4 weekly basis to understand trends and driving product,

* Answered telephones and give information to callers, take rnessages, or transfer calls to
appropriate individuals,

* Greeted visitors or callers and handle their inquiries or direct thern to the appropriate area
according to their needs,

Apparel Department Manager
Delta Corporation - 2010-2014

* Supervise Associates by assigning duties, communicating goals, providing feedback and
follow-up, monitoring performance, teaching and supporting ,

* Highlights Managed associates while providing custorner service and assistarice through
stocking, pricing and supporting circular sign offs.

* Also, properly maintained current planogrars and floor plans per specific guidelines.

+ Monitored and evaluated sales performance of the Menswear Department; Implemented plans
to achieve sales objectives.

+ Maintained appropriate inventory levels by executing all replenishment procedures and
appropriate Inventory regimens.

+ Demonstrated and utilized product knowledge of merchandise carried In the department to
better serve customers and to enhance departmental sales .

» Executed weekly price changes and communicated with vendors.

EDUCATION
B.S.

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings