Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Apparel Associate Website : wun. qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Responsible forfacilitating a limited group of apparel styles frorn design concept and firstprototype
to afinal, production ready prototype.

SKILLS

Customer Service , Communication , Retail , Stocking, Cleaning,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Associate
Dicks Sporting Goods - May 2015 - 2020

Responsibilities rellable sales associate with strengths in inventory management, training,
and customer service,

To greet customers and make sure they found their purchases okay, then deliver therm a
courteous check out,

To keep my work area clean, and also work on various side projects like putting sensors on
clothes and folding ther, while paying attention to customer needs,

Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on custorner needs and
desires

Now deal with the inventory of the clothes, jackets, hats, gloves, etc,

we have, stocking them, putting them out on the floor, and also making sure all apparel on
the floor looks appealing and neat to store and customer guidelines.

Make sure that all signage for the apparel on the floor is up to date and accurate.

Apparel Associate
Delta Corporation - 2010-2015

Stock Organize apparel Greet and help customers when needed Start and finish projects when
assigned Help dept mars.

With what needs to be done Answer multi-lined phone and transfer calls where needed,

Job Duties Responsibilities Included the cleaning and organizing of the apparel sales floor.
Itincluded sorting clothing to its corresponding location as well as folding clothing in end
tables,

Also include the unloading of apparel merchandise and sorting according to style.

Responsible for picking up all returned apparel items frorn custorner service and returning it to
apparel sales floor.

Manning the fitting room keeping it clean Putting close back on the floor Price checks Mark
ups and Mark downs Sale price/ Sale displays Inventory .

EDUCATION
Diploma - (Littlestown High School)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings