Robert Smith

Apparel Sales Associate II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good organizational
skills and ability to multitask. Strong leadership, administrative, and
organizational skills, Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to work with
people from all backgrounds. Ability to work well within a team and
individually. Reliable, resourceful, hard working, long terrn ernployee,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Sales Associate Il

ABC Corporation -

September 2012 - October 2014

Re sponsibilities:

Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of
merchandise to customers.

Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on
customer needs and desires.

Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or
credit payrnent.

Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

Maintain knowledge of current sales and prornotions, policies regarding
payment and exchanges, and security practices,

Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items,

Apparel Sales Associate
Walmart - 2007 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

My job requires me to answer any questions customers may have, and
to be of any help to thern.

While doing my job; to neatly put away any clothing, by color and size
on shelves, or end caps.

Fold clothes and towels and put thern in their departrnent.

Do have store opening and closing experience, as well as being an
overnight stocker.

Am cashier trained in my job, | scan customers products.

Ama backup cashier when needed,

Know how to set up modulars for products.,

Education

High School Diploma - 2012(Lamar Consolidated High School -
Rosenberg, TX)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Journalism, Spanish,
Dance, Broadcasting, 3
Years Of Art, Speech,
Child Development,
Automotive, Health,
Business Managment,.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)