JESSE KENDALL - Freelance Fashion Designer

123 Bm Street - Miami, FL 3318S - 305.555.5555 - jkendall@notmail.com

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY

ForwarcHthinking trend analyst with commended expenence in developing designs by hand and computer. Skilled at
working with smal to large teams in start-up organizations to wellestablished national companies. Adept at saving
costs by negotiating with vendors. Areas of expertise include:

Foreign / Fabric and Trim Developrnent / Product Development / Sample Sewing / Aat Patter / Draping
Construction / Fitting “ Color and Lab Dip Approval / Tear Leadership / Technical Packages / Costume Design
Garment Specifications / Screen Printing / Graphics / Textile Design / Presentation Boards / Wardrobe Styling

CREATIVE CONTRIBUTIONS

ABC APPAREL - Miami, FL
Produces kivt tops, bottoms, dresses, jackets / outerwear, and sweaters wath factanes in Asia.

Freelance Cut and Sew / Woven Designer ............ccccccemssssssssssessmmmuns sansnseosesensnuunannmennseseesnusunnnseneneie susuunnnnneseenegengmyunnnnnngeenenengusanaenee sees 2Oxx - 2Oxx
Developed conternporary and missy private label design tearm while reporting to Design Director with Raleey Group fowned by ABC
Apparel). llustrated garments using Adobe Illustrator. Designed core groups [i.8., white shirt package and ponte pants). Generated
specs and produced acourate and detailed tachnical packages [which included specs for self-created designs]. Performed market

research, evaluating new trends, interacted with overseas offices to venfy delivery, resolve any problems, and provide necessary
clarification.

« Served as leading computer illustrator because of level of efficiancy dernonstrated.
* Improved flow of design process by making suggestions concerming color ways and methods for using prints and tnme.

BCD DENIM . Miami, FL
Start-up that focused an producing cantamporary plus-size clothing line and jeans.

Freelance Fashion Designer / Comsuttannt .................esssssssssssssssssssssssss ssssssssssssssessessssnmessssnssnsensensnnssssentssesessensnenssensnagemeensenesegsnenseneneennenens ents 2 Oxx - BOxx
Offered operations advice and designed lines to present to potential investors. Consulted on working with domestic and overseas
factories. Performed fittings and fit approvals,

* Conquered chalenge of creating plus-size garments while fulfilling responsibilities of fulltime role.

* Made numerous invaluable suggestions. (Company implemented vast majority of them on most occasions.)
Recommended where and how to obtain fabrics, trims, and factones.

CDE CLOTHING .- Miami, FL
Startup that focused an producing contemporary plus-size clothing fine and jeans.
Ea pean nse demesne Fenn MRD ce PINAR arenes stecermecnsetectemeenterttccereteannectyastestevatneneaberentictterttnettehueenfvefenspsemmetthttenehnttcaetettaseeen aac 2 Oxx - 2Oxx
Dasigned junior missy denim clothing. Developed new silhouettes and styles that incorporated cutting-edge denim finishes. Creabad
flat sketches and digtal illustrations. Participated in fit meetings to ensure design vision was properly executed. Partnered with
merchandising tearm to align styling premises with brand strabagies.

e@ = Created over 40 designs that were selected for development.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's Degree in Fashion Design, XYZ University, Miami, FL, 20xx