Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Senior Architect Website : voww,qwikresume,.com

Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Designing the architecture of complete solutions as well as managing project lifecycles and
teams of engineers,

SKILLS

Auto cad, Sketch up,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Architect
ABC Corporation - May 2012 - August 2015

Update Oracle Hyperion Essbase ASO/BSO cubes with mernber modifications.

Update Oracle Hyperion Planning applications, Reviewing the Quantities and the contractors
Invoices.

Research business issues that are reflected in Planning and Essbase,

Modify and test Essbase business rules and calc scripts. Bulld reports in Oracle Hyperion
Financial Reporting.

Develop Maxi scripts and Windows batches to rernotely run thern.

Set up batch processes and schedules to automate Oracle Hyperion Financial reports,
Architectural Design conflict solutions, creating details whenever needed, Site supervision and
inspections with quality checklists,

Senior Architect
ABC Corporation - 2009-2012

Over a large-scale re-engineering effort of a mission critical project managernent system for a
large Engineering and Construction company.

The application consisted of more than 400 SQLForms 3.0 characterbase screens and
processes,

The database was re-engineered from an Oracle RDBMS version 6.x to an Oracle RDBMS
version 7.x,

All screens were re-designed for a Windows-based client-server architecture utilizing Oracle
Designer and Developer.

Additional activities Included the introduction of database level referential integrity for all
tables and performance enhancing de-normalization of data,

Primary responsibilities included development of application infrastructure (programming and
GUI standards, ternplates, libraries, and referenced objects), prograrnming of critical screens
and management of the prograrnming effort for more than 20 consultants and in-house
programmers.

All programming done using Oracle Technology tools, including the Oracle database (81),
PL/SQL, Oracle Developer (Forms and Reports) and Oracle Designer,

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science in Business Administration - (Colorado Technical University - Colorado
Springs, CO)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings