Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

ABs Marshville Road,

F ‘. abana
Architectural Designer I (123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Detail oriented college graduate with strong technical skills and the ability SKILLS
to work with others alongside projects. Looking to apply my education and Rhino 3D, Plaster Mold
experience to fit the needs and vision of the firm, Making, Fluent Russian,
AutoDesk: AutoCad,
WORK EXPERIENCE Carpentry. AutoDesk:
Revit, Silk Screening, V-
Architectural Designer Il Ray, Advance Model
ABC Corporation- January 2015 - May 2016 Building, Adobe Suite,
Re sponsibilities: Microsoft Office,
= Head of Interior Design department rnanaging atearn of interior and Windows OS, Mac OS,.
product designers reporting to the CEO and founder, with close
collaboration with the Production and Logistic departments,
= Develop retail, booth, showrooms and interior design projects overseas. LANGUAGES
* Draw-up elevations and floor plans, render presentation drawings and English (Native)
furnish interior environments of residential, commercial and industrial French (Professional)
bulldings. Spanish (Professional)
= Lead projects from the conceptual stage to development until the
production of the final construction drawings, INTERESTS
* Deliver consultancy services to clients on interior design factors, such
as Space planning, layout, and utilization of furnishings, equiprnent, and Sublets rail
color coordination. Chain ang
* Main contact for cllents and suppliers with the capacity to work on Reading
several projects in parallel.
« Select Interior materials and finishes. Compose mood boards with
relevant images and materials, REFERENCES
Architectural Designer A eetbpia atl ash
ABC Corporation- 2011-2015 Reference - 2 (Company
Re sponsibilities: Name) :

= Interior Design - Independently Worked in conjunction with Vision
Bullders on thelr Parade of Hornes.

= Assisted in the design concepts, the color layouts, materials,
furnishings, and artifacts for L2 homes.

= Side job for fun & outlet for creative needs.

= Remodeled Interior of Long Haul Trucking, Albertville,

= Did the build out of the APEX office cornplex.

= Project manager for the remodel of a bakery and restaurant in St.

= Michael.

Education

Master's in Architecture - September 2004(Universitat Internacional
de Catalunya - Barcelona, Barcelona)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines