Jane Smith

A strong believer in the ability of the architecture and research
combined with design thinking for strengthening our societies
and having a positive effect on the world. Only together can we
build a better future, therefore my communication and team-

working skills.

| WORK EXPERIENCE

Intern Architect
Chaudfountaine Architects

® Developed and executed online, social media and print marketing
strategies for new projects.

® Participated in all phases of the design and construction
processes on 6 major projects nationally and internationally.

® Produced drawings and layouts and assisted the clients
throughout the projects. Clients had a satisfaction rate of over
95%.

® Created 3D models, renderings and video animations.

EDUCATION

MSc Space Syntax: Architecture and Cities
Bartlett School of Architecture (UCL)

Spatial Dynamics and Computation

Architectural Phenomena

Buildings, Organizations and Networks

® Design as a Knowledge-Based Process

PERSONAL PROJECTS

NOTBLOX® Affordable Housing Project: Assembling
Sustainable Communities with Insulating Concrete Forms
(06/2020) (7

© The jury called this design "handsome and sophisticated" and commended
it on its demonstration of the ease of its construction. The project also
demonstrated many options for the use of vinyl.

The S House: A Passive House (02/2020)

® The form, structure and mechanical features of the building are
integrated into a single shell. For example, the louvers also act as a
screen along the facade of the building.

fg novoresume.com

jane@novoresume.com

123 444 5555

Copenhagen, Denmark

linkedin.com/in/jane.smith

instagram.com/jane.smith

98 SKILLS

Presentation & Public Speaking

Active Listening

Perseverance

Teamwork

Written & Oral Communication

Creativity & Problem Solving

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Graphics
Hand Drafting, Sketching, Autodesk AutoCAD, ArgGIS, Adobe
Creative Cloud Suite

Bim & 3D Modeling
Sketchup Pro, SU Podium, Autodesk Revit

Platforms
Windows & OSX Operating Systems, Microsoft Office, Google
Drive/Docs

Other
Basic Web Development, Model Building, Darkroom Techniques,
Professional level Digital + Film Photography

Fi LANGUAGES

English a ai a G ial
Danish i
German i

a) INTERESTS

Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Chess

Travelling Painting Trail Running