PROJECTS

PROGRAMS

HARD SKILLS

SOFT SKILLS

MICHAEL ANGELO GO
autharémichaeiangeloga.com

626 905-9629
wrw.michasiongeige.cam

744 5 Benger Ave, Glendon, CA 97740.

EDUCATION

Calitornia State Potytectwnic University, Pomona,

Bachelor's Degree of Architecture. Aug 2015 « May 2020.

> Volunteered to introduce and inspire freshman ot the Augestus Hawkins High
School of Los Angeles to the field of architecture and urbon planning.

+ Decent and Tour Guide of the Newtra VDL Howse of Los Angeles.

+ Teaching Ald for first and second-year architecture students.

EXPERIENCE

RLM. Byrd and Associates, inc. | Ontario, CA

CAD Draftsman, Sep 2001 - Apr 2022

Project Experionar Def Sof Acatey Craftan Hitt: Collage, Cheparrel High Schock

> Worked closely with principat and project manager to produce construction
documents and details for SGH Architects and PBA-W/LC

Kirill Volchinsky/Necils Lopez Design | Remote

Remote Designer. Aan 2021 - May 2022

Project Eqpertence: Custorn Horees.

+ Assisted Co-Founder remotely in the plan, design, and conetruction
documents af custom additions to homes Jn the Lynwood aren.

Moreto, Mathison & Associates Architects | Glendora, CA

intern Designer Nov 2029. Feb 2020

Project Experienat Brotroar Hall Jopavese Gerderts, Lideery Student! Health Services

> Worked closely with the principays to produce construction documents,
schematics and details far California State University, Long Beach,

Woade Shuey Construction Services Designs | Ontario, CA

Design-Drofting Intern, Mor 2029 - Aug 2019

Provect Experience: Centenes Marketplaces. Maier /oe's. ana Custom Warmteuses

» Produced construction documents ond deliverables for plans and Myouts of
marketpienes wanehouses ard custom Momes across the inand Friopire

Martin-Nevell Group | Grea, CA

Contracted Jvint-Verture Bit! Mocteler, Ang 2016 -Oec 2018

Project Experionor Soft Rares Sedum af lnglewood, Colfornks

» Contracted under Aerotek to work at Martin Nevell Group to produce
constnaction documents and deiverables for plans and layouts of hollways
and rooms within the Sah RAMS Stadium.

Miran Enterprises LLC. | Harbor City,CA

Parttime Drofter. Jul 2028 Ma 203

Project Experience: Malibu Retirereent Home.

+ Worked directly with principal to design ond creft construction documents
for Malibu Retireenent home,

ARStructures | Glendora, CA

lntern Designer jl 2017 - Aug 2020

Proyect Experionae Hane Rencections
Worked directly with clents under supervision of principal to design additions
and renovations for homes and anal businesses in Glendora and Monrovia.