ASSOCIATE ARCHITECT

SUMMARY
Architect with 4+ years of experience in design & project management for residential, commercial, hospitality & healthcare projects. No sponsorship for work 1s required.
EDUCATION
2013 Masters in Architecture: Architecture
Architectural Association School of Architecture — London UK
2010 Bachelors in Architecture: Architecture
BMS College of Engineering — Bengaluru India

Contribution for the creative growth of the studio and staff
Computer skills: AutoCAD, Revit, Rhino, Grasshopper, Sketchup, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Indesign, Microsoft Office
Language skills: Fluent in written & spoken english

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

07/2013 to 03/2017 Associate Architect
Space Lab Architecture — Bengaluru, India
Spacelab Architecture iz a mid-zized company specializing in suztaimable design of residential. commercial, hospitality & healthcare projects.

Supervised and trained a multi-disciplinary team of 3-6 architects & interns to develop designs and presentation drawings according to building standards
Prepared drawings for approvals from the local government authorities
construction drawings and co-ordinated with consultants (MEP, Structural) and project manager

Inspected, documented the work on the site & made revisions to the drawings if necessary.
Developed conceptual interior designs & detailed drawings with furniture designs.
Articulated vendors relationships & prepared shop drawings.
Managed public relations & administered the finances of the company.
Delegated and organised the work schedules in the office.
Selected Projects
¢ Udupi Super speciality Hospital, India, 450 bedded hospital with trauma care facilsties, 2015 - 2018

¢ Preeth: Palace hotel, India, Boutique hotel with 75 rooms, 2016-2017

¢ Residential development in Kaiga. India for National Power Corporation of India, 2016-2017

« Interior & fumiture design for Preethi Palace Hotel, Chetty residence, Sobha city apartment, Caesar palace apartment, 2015-2017
03/2010 to 03/2011 Intern

Srikar & Associates PVT Ltd — Bengaluru, India
Srikar & Associates iz a mid-sized company specialising in construction management and design of hozpitalizy, healthcare and instituzional building:

Selected Projects:

« Hyderabad shopping mall, India.
08/2008 to 07/2009 Intern

Srikar & Associates PVT Ltd — Chennai, India

¢ Prepared architectural models, tender documents and leamt the use of computer applications in design & drafting.
Selected Projects:

« Academic Institution, Dharwad, India
ACTIVITES

« Presented research project at Institute of Architecture Vienna, University of Innsbruck and ETH Zurich

¢ Organised workshop on parametric design in collaboration with RAT Lab m Bangalore & Chennai using Rhino & Grasshopper as a tool.
« Research cited m Architectural Digest: Parametricism 2.0: Rethinking Architecture's Agenda for the 21st Century AD