SOFTWARE ARCHITECT

SEAN ERVINE

Qty, State
000-000-0000

omailaemailcom

an innate desire for keeping up todate with

technology and building prototypes. A
demonstratedhistory of delivery oriented work
ethic for satisfied team members, leadership, and
clients.

SKILLS
Team Leadership

Strategic Planning

Account Management

Product Development

Project Management

Technology Consulting

INTERESTS
« Tennis « Snooker
« Boxing « Table Tennis

WORK EXPERIENCE
Cisco Systems
Chief Software Architect

Responsibilities

« Collaborating with product line management toidentify. refine. andtranslate customer needs into concrete
technical requirements.

¢ Working with strategic accounts across EMEA supporting operators in defining their 2-5 year IT strategies
covering software. integration, and business transformation needs.

« Supporting the customers’ systems consolidation and processing where operator merger andacquisition had
taken place.

« Leading architectural tasks and decisions across the current and future Cisco software portfolio.

« Coordinating activities including product development. prototype development, andimplementation
functions. all the way through from use-case creation through to customer delivery

e Evaluatingthe canddate architectures and technologies through intemal prototyping “skunkworks” activities
inorder to drive improvements to software architectures in order to reduce integration costs or to support
new system features with the goal of reducing integration cost whilst adding new features

« Maintaining knowledge of industry standards and trends and act as “go-to” subject matter expert in key
developingtrends.

2015-05 - Present

Ogilvy
Lead Software Architect

Responsibilities

Designed and developed a mobile-first responsive application with RESTful web services and APIs

Adopted micro-senices for identified use cases with a new tech stack ie. NodeJS. MongoDB, Mailgun API,

Conceptualized andimplemented Reds caching in the application

Implemented email solution using Mailgun ESP.

« DevelopediOS app prototype for receipt processing using OCR AR

e Developeda prototype for integrating telephony and texting API tothe product suite.

« Developedan email processor ETL toal using outlook VBA.

« Designed and implemented a data warehouse and Bl.

e Evaluated AWS and Azure toidentify provider and migrate infrastructure from managed virtualization tothe
cloud

« Worked on developing a go-to-market strategy by converting the product to SaaS on AWS: included defining

the tech stack. developing a prototypeand later if approved, use it as an accelerator project.

2010-10 - 2015-04

GE Healthcare 2006-06 - 2010-09

Software Architect

Responsibilities

. inone of the biggest projects of the company delivered for “the largest drug retailing chain in the
USAT

« Superisedseveral interns who were performing their endof studies project within the company.

« Developed and created a local web application: a space for the employees where they could find
documentation, video recordings of workshop sessions held internally. and photos of the events organized by
the company

« Developeda web application used by the clients to communicate sensitive and highly secured configuration
files.

« Developeda mobile version (Android and iOS) of one of our products. a cloud-based web Forecast. and
replenishment application. communicating with a distributed backend system

e Developeda dashboard to track in real time the available deployed assets in the cloud

EDUCATION

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 2000 - 2003
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Stanford University 2003 - 2005

Master of Science in Computer Science