AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Structwral Designo
Residensial projects
Ecological Urhanicn
Landscape drchineetare
Operational analysis

3D Graphical Rendering
Historic Preservation

People management

Cousimuction Methodologies

PROFESSIONAL
Part I! guulified Architect

Spanish speater

PERSONAL SKILLS
Creative kinking

Con cope with cruicis
Attention fe deta?

Awiitions & determined

PERSONAL DETAILS

Maxine Cun
Payjob Led
The Big Peg
ene
GIS ONF
T: 044 12S 618 0026
My S70 ME OI2E
EB: infeidayjed.com

Driving ficense: Tox

Maxine Curry
Architecture resume

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A determined and focused professional who wants to mot only make a real difference:
40 society bet to also change lives and create buildings which lift the spirits of thos
who live im them Maxine hae cuperience of being ivolved in the design and
construction of multi-mélliog residential and hotel projects She & am expert at
Beakieg down large scale projects easo manageable chunks asd &s well capable of
leading a team, overseetng technical standards & shaping the future direction of any
project. She has a flexible. positive artimde and és able to work within 2 pressurised
and deadline drives environment. Right now she has a strong desire to work for an
ambitious employer where bard work and achievement is always rewarded.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Constraction Company - Birminghowe
ARCHITECTURE MANAGER June 2010 ~ Present

Respomsibte for ensuring that 2 construction peojects become fully operational throwgh
peoviding design advice and selecting the best technology, tools and materials. Also in
charge of surveying sites, identifying location benefits and environmental impacts.
Duties:

Liatsieg with surveyors & other construction professionals regarding a project brief.
Analysing archmecters) plats'deawings highlighting any possible rvks of pewblems.
Selecting the best materials and peoceears for a peuject,

Liaising with clients about the design that they wan.

Prepare contract documents fer buildeng contractors.

Conducting periodic on-site obscruntion of work daring consinection to monitor
compliance with plans.

Preparing operating and maamtonance exineals, studhes, and reports,
Managing a team of 10 in-house designers and a series of remote based contractors,
Prepanng and peeserting design proposals 10 clients.

Producing dewilod drawings from ahich costings see tide.

eee ee

Surveyors - Coventry
Trainee Architect April 2010 ~ June 2010

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Developing specific goals std plans to prioritize, ceganize, and accomplish work.
Communicating effectieely with Poors, Supervisors and Subordinates.

Able to alter architectural plans on the fly then communicate this to clients and also
alter bedgetx to meet the new challenges.

Ability 40 remain calm under pressure and maintain good humour.

Competence in compuner-aided design (CAD) & other specialist software.

High levels of crestivity, imagination and vision.

Directing complex technacal work.

Advistag on restoring and coaserving older buildings.

oe eee

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Sperkbrook University 2008 - 20/0

BA (Hons) Architecture

Coventry Central College — 2005 - 1008

A lewels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C1

REFERENCES ~ Available on request.