ROBERT SMITH
Architectural Designer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Master of Architecture with working knowledge of interior design, space planning, and concep- tual
development, Creative, dependable and responsible professional, capable of working both
independently or in collaboration to meet project challenges and deadlines, Eager to fur ther
develop exper tise amidst talented individuals.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Auto-Gad Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Adobe In Design Sketch: Up Vasari Microsoft Power
Point Microsoft Word! Excel,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Architectural Designer
Shremshock Architects, Inc. - June 2014 = 2019

Key Deliverables:

» Scope of work included commercial, residential, educational and corporate projects,

* Meeting with clients to understand their needs and budget,

« Meeting with representatives from diflarent companies in order to select high-quality
products that meet clients naeds and expectations as well as budget.

» Compieting &quot;Finishing Schedules&quot; tor clients and contractors:

» Setting up-sample boards and renderings to present to clients,

* Edited and modified working drawings as per armhitects red marks and comments,

« Work closely with architects and contractors to ensure accurate transiation of project
parameters and deadlines.

Architectural Desiqner
ABC Corporation - 2013 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

« Design cabinet and storage systems for commercial clienis utilizing Cabinel Vision
soltware.

» Specify materials and construction techniques.

» Work closely with architects and contractors to ensure accurate transiation of project
parameters and deadlines.

* Maintain up-to-date drawing infomation by ensuring all updates and change orders are
received and processed,

» Develop CNC programs for production and perform qualily control for each item
manufactured,

* Micrmsolt Office, Plan Grd, Blue Beam, and Cabinet Vision used extensively,

« This is Dummy Description daia, Replace with job description relevant to your current roje,

SS
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines