Robert Smith

Principal Architect!

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Project Architect for large retail, commercial and institutional projects;
business development for major national and International design firms;
owner/CEO for a multi-state, mult-million dollar cormputer consulting/sales
firm, Value Added Reseller and trainer for AUtoDESK and ARCHIBUS FM
products,

WORK EXPERIENCE
Principal Architect/

ABC Corporation -

November 2010 - August 2013

Re sponsibilities:

Contributed significant architectural recornmendations for new project
proposals,

Assisted development teams with architecture and design challenges.
Created a frarnework ontop of LegStar APIs to simplify the processing
of COBOL copybook data files.

Presented NoSQL and MongoDB at the |SG (Java Specialist Group) meet.

Assisted in migrating Asset Persistency application to Spring and JPA,
Created a framework to read and write flat files.
${job_description7 }

Principal Architect

ABC Corporation -

2006 - 2010

Re sponsibilities:

Colornbia,

Residential and cornmercial Design and construction firm in Northwest
Colombia.

Outsourcing of construction and management remodeling.

Principal Architect:

Architectural Design and Construction Planning departrnent general
nmanager produced the architectural design, engineering coordination
and CCAD construction drawings, quality control docurnents and
construction administration.

Residential, commercial and institutional projects management
Including bidding process and construction coordination.

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant
to your current role,

Education

B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering - 1998(JNTU University
- Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

‘

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing —
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)