Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www. qwikresume,com

Junior Architect Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

An architectural designer with excellent technical skills and design abilities, More than 2 years of
experience In programming, design development, construction documents, construction
administration and 3D renderings,

SKILLS

Adobe Photoshop, Autocad, Revit, Sketch Up, 3D Studio Max.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Junior Architect
ABC Corporation - 2003 - 2006

* Managed various stages of real estate developrnent projects including residential and
institutional projects.

+ Worked/assisted on design, planning, Zoning, energy and environmental aspects of project,

* Coordinated with consultants and contractor to solve problems related to various projects,

* Prepared Comprehensive Plan for Hill resort at Yelaairi,

* Developed conceptual plan using AutoCAD (2006) Illustrating major land use of the proposed
comprehensive plan.

* Created graphic presentations using Photoshop, scaled project models and supervised on-site
construction.

* Prepared reports for the client meeting Skills Used AutoCAD, Photoshop, Microstation,MS
Office.

Junior Architect
Di Domenico + Partners, LLP - 1998- 2003

* Long Island City, NY Leads Construction Administration tasks for various Public School projects
as 4 consultant to the New York City School Construction Authority,

* Implements quality control of bidding docurnents prior to submission ta the SCA.

* Collaborates with the contractor and the SCA to align on project correspondence procedures
and cadence of meetings.

+ Serves as primary contact for all contractor Requests For Information, shop drawings, product
information, and executes Change Orders when field conditions or design errors occur

+ Manages Progress Meetings, Meeting Minutes, production of Field Reports, as well as ensuring
quality of construction in adherence to the contract documents,

+ Contributes to the close out requirernents by creating the punch list, reviewing as-built
drawings and filing post approval armendments with the SCA BCC or the NYC DOB.

+ This ls Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

EDUCATION
Master's in Landscape Architecture - 2009(School of planning & Architecture - Delhi, Delhi)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings