Jonathon Rogers | Architect

Cardiff
07777777777
& jonathon@jonathonrogers.com

Professional Profile

Passionate ARB registered Architect with over 7 years’ experience planning and designing commercial and
domestic spaces, focused on sustainability, renewable energy and reducing the carbon footprint.

Creative Vision Architecture Award Winner with significant experience working as Principal Architect on a
variety of domestic and commercial projects to produce elegantly designed and unique structures, including
theatres, banks, parks, and school buildings. Client-focussed approach with an emphasis on bringing creative
concepts into practical and feasible reality. Skilled at creating technical plans, blueprints, models, and
drawings, alongside holding a comprehensive knowledge of environmental factors and safety codes.

Core Skills
* Concept sketching and design * Project management
* 3d modelling * Environmental impacts
* Estimating * UK building regulations
* Budgeting * AutoCAD, Autodesk Revit
* Stakeholder management * ARB registered Architect

Career Summary

Jun 2019 - Present Freelance, JR Architecture
Architect
Outline

Freelance Architect partnering with clients UK-wide to design and produce sustainable, creative and elegant
structures and public spaces, with a focus on reducing the carbon footprint.

Key Responsibilities

e Meet with clients to discuss project objectives, needs, and budget

e Prepare and present design proposals, including detailed drawings of finished buildings,
renovations, or restorations
Meet with construction professionals and clients to discuss feasibility of designs

.

e Review local regulations to ensure the construction project falls within all constraints

e Create detailed drawings and specifications for architectural projects

e Work with various computer-aided design software systems to create blueprints and 3D models

e Work with Contractors, Surveyors, and Building Service Engineers to create a construction
schedule and bring designs to fruition

e Coordinate work between various contractors and resolve issues that arise during construction

e Supervise the construction of buildings to ensure projects meet deadlines, stay on budget, and
adhere to the original design vision

Key Achievements
e Partnered with Cardiff City Council to assist in producing propositions for a £150m revamp of the

city centre.

e Successfully lead a project to add more green spaces in industrial areas around Cardiff,
decreasing air pollution by 15% within 12 months.

e Consistently delivered projects which exceeded client expectations to client specs and 12% below
budget.

e Designed 20+ £10M+ projects from requirement-gathering through to completion.

Page 1