PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic middle school Language Arts teacher with fourteen years of experience providing excellent
parent-teacher communication and a strong dedication to the overall development of students.

« Creative questioning ¢ Outstanding social skills
e Student-centered learning e Age-appropriate lesson planning
e Interpersonal skills e Computer proficient
¢ Positive learning environment e Varied lesson plans
MIDDLE SCHOOL LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 07/2013 to CURRENT

Charter Schools Usa | Kannapolis, NC

e Create, plan, and teach lessons and units based on the Common Core standards.

« Communicate effectively with students, parents, colleagues, and administrators through face-to-face
conversations, emails, weekly newsletters, and phone calls.

e Keep an accurate record of student scores and grades using Infinite Campus.

e Contribute to teams of teachers through team meetings and weekly PLCs.

HICH SCHOOL ENGLISH TEACHER 07/2007 to 06/2013
Fullbloom | San Antonio, TX

e Worked with special education teachers in a co-taught setting to maximize student potential.

¢ Contributed to building and district goals and demonstrated continuous growth and inquiry through an
Individual Professional Development Plan.

e Planned and developed curriculum for various English classes with a team of English teachers.

HICH SCHOOL ENGLISH TEACHER 07/2003 to 06/2007
Fullbloom | San Bernardino, CA

e Implemented numerous instructional strategies to meet the varied learning styles of students.
e Connected student learning to the real world by bringing in guest speakers and taking students on field

trips.
e Organized and led the publication of the district's yearbook.

Master of Arts | Education CURRENT
Viterbo University, LaCrosse, Wisconsin

Ba-helor of Arts | Secondary English Education 2002
University of Northern lowa, Cedar Falls, lowa