SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Skilled Lead Teacher offers expertise in administration, program management and compliance. Creates and implements lesson plans focused

on cognition, language development and creative expression. Versed in curriculum, goals. objectives and areas of child development.

SKILLS

¢ Department Leadership e VA Teaching Certification

¢ Curriculum Development ¢ Microsoft Office

« Student Motivation and Engagement e SMART Board

« Verbal and Written Communication e Data Analysis

e Parent Communication e Diversity and Inclusion

¢ Online Teaching e Time Management

¢ Instructional Methods e Core Curriculum and Standards
EXPERIENCE
08/2005 to Current Language Arts Lead Teacher

Ball Corporation — Columbia, MD

¢ Currently a lead teacher for the high school English Language Arts (ELA) program

e Promoted from lead teacher for the Middle School Language Arts program for the seventh grade extended
curriculum and standard curriculum students

e Construct and administer lesson plans consistent with the Standards of Learning of Virginia and objectives of
PWCS to provide high school students with the 21st Century skills in writing, reading and thinking along with tools
needed to successful obtain required information across the curriculum

e Provide academic instructional support through a variety of teaching methods, required curricula, and supplemental
materials

Monitor students’ academic progress and provide differentiated instruction as needed

e Maintain active verbal and written communication with students, administration and families concerning student
academic and behavioral progress, curriculum, and educational skills opportunities

¢ Provide additional instructional support as a member of the in-school and extended day tutoring program offered
by the schools

¢ Provide mentoring and coaching support to students in extracurricular activities, clubs and sports.

e Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening, speaking,
reading and writing activities.

07/2003 to 06/2005 Director/School-Age Lead Teacher

Gloria J. Matthews Christian Academy — City, STATE

e Managed personnel of 20 and school population of 45

¢ Developed administrative forms and assessment guidelines for students including progress forms, report cards,
tutoring recommendations and testing measurements for each grade level

e Supervised SAT preparation and administration program

e Planned several training sessions in-school and off campus for all staff members

e Lead teacher for middle school and high school level (4th grade through 10th) students in the private school
environment

e Constructed and administered lesson plans for all subject areas including mathematics, language, reading, spelling,
foreign language, science and history using the ABEKA Christian School Curriculum and the Bob Jones University
Christian School Curriculum

e Supervised and mentored new teacher hires in classroom skills and management

e Built strong relationships with parents and students, driving investment in academics.

© Cultivated and developed inclusive and equitable working relationships with students, families and staff.

12/1999 to 06/2002 Administrator/Lead Teacher

Breezewood Christian School — City, STATE

¢ Lead teacher (4th -7th) for elementary and middle school level students in private school environment.

e Wrote and managed lesson plans for grade levels K through 8th in Spanish, Computers and core curriculum subject
areas in the ABEKA Christian School Curriculum.

¢ Developed a computerized grading system for all grade levels from K-8th grade.

¢ Promoted to Vice Principal/Principal position after two years of full-time lead teaching.

e Managed staff of 20, monitored and directed all areas of daily operations including budgeting, administration and
staffing.

¢ Implemented and executed proposed budget for school year and monitored staff for quarterly and yearly reviews.

e Planned and implemented four new programs into the school curriculum including Basic Computer courses,
Foreign Language courses, Intramural Sports Program, and an extended care program for students at all grade
levels.

e Provided computer training for students and staff and developed a Beginning Programming course for parents and
adults.

e Attended yearly training sessions for administrators and headed two workshops per year for staff development in
classroom procedures and time management skills.

¢ Involved parents in student learning to increase family interaction and student support.

e Organized activities to promote physical, mental and social development of each child.

05/1994 to 12/1998 Production Manager

Newmyer Associates — City, STATE

e Supervised daily production operations supporting a staff of 10 high-energy consultants

e Proofread all reports, memos, and executive correspondence

¢ Provided technical assistance to staff, monitored and implemented all hardware and software training sessions for
wordprocessing programs and graphics programs

e Evaluated and recommended department hardware and software needs and purchases

e Created and maintained database files on all clientele

e Wrote and updated User’s Manual for Production

e Maintained professional oral and written communication with various levels of office personnel, clientele, and
outside suppliers

e Proposed and implemented company’s first newsletter and served as Editor -In- Chief of the newsletter for two
years.

e Established and updated production schedules to meet changing demands.

¢ Monitored staff training and output to meet compliance, productivity and revenue goals.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2014

12/2014

09/2006

Ed.S. Education Specialist: Education Administration Special Education
Regent University - Virginia Beach, VA

M.Ed: Education Administration, Secondary Education/Educational Management
Strayer University - Washington, DC

B.A.: English
Virginia State University - Woodbridge, VA