JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly experienced Pastor committed to guiding and equipping followers of Christ in worship, evangelism, discipleship, and service. Offering
more than 15 years’ expertise in pastoral leadership with success in implementing mission and vision.

SKILLS
e 25 years band/instrument experience e Budget adherence
* Vocal expertise e Creative team collaboration
« Mission-oriented © Gospel-driven
« Crisis management e Work ethic
¢ Leadership development ¢ Troubleshooting
¢ Discipleship e Presentations and public speaking
e Inspirational leadership e Skilled in Office/PCO/ProPresenter/Ableton
* People skills ¢ Production management
¢ Team building © Video lighting and sound
« Conflict resolution © Supervising staff
e Friendly, positive attitude e Stage layouts
e Strategic communications e Team oversight
e Project management expertise © Preaching
EXPERIENCE

04/2017 to Current Worship & Creative Arts Pastor
Springdale Community Church — City, STATE

e Recruited, equipped and motivated band members for professional accompaniment.

© Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services.

e Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active.

* Developed and cultivated professional relationships with various third parties, including city officials, civic groups
and members of public, improving engagement in outreach activities.

¢ Demonstrated effective leadership to church, including managing daily operations, developing and administering
annual budget and promoting compassionate pastoral care to members and public.

e Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing sermons and working with church
leaders.

¢ Managed all aspects of ministry.

e Worked with church leaders, staff and ministry teams to achieve growth of church and to foster positive community
impact.

¢ Led outreach initiatives to reach out to unchurched, inactive or new residents in community.

04/2016 to 04/2017 Worship Arts Pastor
Grace Church — City, STATE
¢ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
e Contributed to development, planning and completion of project initiatives.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services.
e Managed all aspects of ministry.
¢ Led outreach initiatives to reach out to unchurched, inactive or new residents in community.
e Liaised with church staff and ministry discuss church growth objectives.

06/2013 to 05/2015 Creative Arts Pastor
Canyon Ridge Christian Church — City, STATE

¢ Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing sermons and working with church
leaders.

© Developed and cultivated professional relationships with various third parties, including city officials, civic groups
and members of public, improving engagement in outreach intiatives.

e Managed all aspects of ministry.

¢ Recruited, equipped and motivated band members for professional accompaniment.

e Coordinated special event worship times, including camp worship sessions and revivals.

Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services.

e Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active for Multi-site church.
(6,000 members)

¢ Supported projects by developing and producing promotional content such as trailers and commercials.

e Managed writers, artists, designers and project managers with hands-on approach to successfully accomplish daily
work and special projects.

e Reviewed and approved retouching, mechanicals and proofs for quality assurance.

e Lead and directed design and production teams for creative projects, creating unique designs within required
timelines.

¢ Led creative team meetings to share ideas and bring actionable plans to fruition.

04/2008 to 04/2012 Worship & Creative Arts Pastor
Eastside Christian Church — City, STATE

e Expanded ministry successfully by overseeing new facility development and installation for state of the art worship
center. (2010)

¢ Demonstrated effective leadership to church, including managing daily operations, developing and administering
annual budget and promoting compassionate pastoral care to members and public.

e Visited, counseled and prayed with church members to provide pastoral care.

e Improved operations and functions of church committees by clarifying objectives and empowering other committee
members to take responsibility.

¢ Reached out to unchurched, new residents or inactive church members.

e Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing sermons and working with church
leaders.

e Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active.

e Chose songs and organized materials for every worship service.

e Recruited, equipped and coordinated volunteers to build worship teams. (50 team members)

e Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services.

¢ Implemented special programs for holiday and church events.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

03/2003 Bachelor of Arts: General Studies
Indiana University Southeast - New Albany, IN