SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Passionate and energetic teacher with 14 years of experience teaching students literature and English
language skills. Expert at educating students with well-rounded lessons in reading, writing, and digital literacy.
Motivated with strong history helping diverse student groups advance English language abilities for future
personal and professional success. Proven ability to inspire students and create course contents/syllabi that
reflect learning objectives. Dedicated to developing students' ability to think logically, read critically and write
clearly in and out of the classroom to develop creativity and enrich lives.

e Individualized instruction and learning style e Analyzing and interpreting literature
assessment e« Composition lessons from brainstorming to final
« Testing, grading, and evaluation revisions
« Classroom facilitation « Communication expertise
« Lecturing and presentation e Proficient in all Microsoft Office apps
« Faculty collaboration e Proficient in Google apps
« Tutoring and student support e Proficient on Blackboard, Brightspace, and
e Digital literacy skills and multimodal composition Moodle learning platforms
ENGLISH AND LANGUAGE ARTS INSTRUC TOR/ONLINE 12/2018 to CURRENT

Illinois Institute Of Technology | Chicago, IL

e Managed multiple online classrooms of gifted youth taking NCAA accredited college-level writing
intensive courses.

e Taught students core principles and advanced concepts of creative writing, visual literacy, and visual
communication.

e Gave detailed feedback to students on quality of work after every assignment.

e Worked individually with students to improve goal-setting and study habits.

AFCREADER AND SCORING LEADER 12/2015 to CURRENT
Educational Testing Service | City, STATE

e Provide online scoring for students' college admissions tests

e Supervise groups of scoring agents during scoring administrations
e Control validity of assessments during scoring procedures

e Maintain communication with supervisors and administrators

SEQIOR LECTURER 08/2014 to CURRENT
The University Of Akron | City, STATE

e Developed engaging content for face-to-face and online undergraduate courses.

e Mentored students in research and career preparation.

e Selected innovative teaching methods to deliver course content.

e Created presentations to deliver lectures in classrooms and online learning environments.

e Delivered excellent feedback on student work to improve writing and communication skills.

e Utilized diverse teaching methods, including lectures, presentations and class activities to deliver
curriculum.

e Assessed student performance with integrity.

e Supported department faculty by creating informative pedagogical presentations for pre-semester
departmental symposiums

e Assisted with training of new graduate teaching assistants in department.

GFCADUATE TEACHING FELLOW 08/2015 to 05/2020
Kent State University | City, STATE

e Earned the Outstanding Composition Instructor Award 2019.

« Maintained student engagement through creative subject delivery and learning activities.

e Identified valuable online resources to use in conjunction with lectures and coursework.

e Applied creative instructional methods to promote student learning objectives.

e Provided small group discussions to give suggestions and advice to solve student problems.

e Tutored students requiring additional assistance in mastering concepts.

¢ Collaborated with fellow staff members to promote positive and welcoming learning environments and to
attain course learning objectives.

e Developed and delivered online training using Blackboard to teach Writing in Business and First-year
Composition distance-learning courses.

e Used exams, quizzes and projects to assess how well students grasped learning material and concepts.

e Evaluated and supervised student activities and performance levels to provide reports on academic
progress.

e Collaborated with College of Business professors to manage education projects from start to finish.

e Conducted research on multimodal composition and published a book chapter with Routledge in an
edited collection.

e Provided letters of recommendation and other referrals to students pursuing further education
programs or postgraduate employment.

e Built strong student rapport by driving classroom and online discussions and providing academic
advisement.

English Composition - LRSP Program
Kent State University, Kent, OH

Miter of Arts | English Composition 05/2014
The University Of Akron, Akron, OH

Ba_helor of Arts | English Literature 05/1 987
The University Of Akron, Akron, OH

Bz helor of Arts | Secondary Education - English Specialty 05/1989
The University Of Akron, Akron, OH

Mellinger
Professional Memberships:
National Council of Teachers of English 1987-1998; 2011-present
Modern Language Association 1987-1998: 2011-present
College Composition and Communication 2011-present
College English Association 2013-present
Certification
« State of Ohio Dept. of Education 5 Year Professional Secondary License in English, highly qualified.
Valid thru July 2025
e« Online teaching certificate. Kent State University. Aug. 2016
e AP Reader and Scoring Leader for ETS (Educational Testing Service). Valid thru 2027
Teaching Interests:
Secondary Language Arts to First Year Composition
Multimedia/Multimodal classrooms
High school students transitioning to college English
Literature analysis and critical thinking skills
Helping inexperienced teachers succeed in the classroom
Honors, Awards and Publications:
« Outstanding Composition Instructor Award. Kent State University 2019
¢« Doctoral Teaching Fellowship. Kent State University. PhD in English Composition and Rhetoric, LRSP
Program. 2016-2021
e« Kent State University award to attend The Ohio State University’s Digital Media and Composition
(DMAC) Institute May 2016. Full tuition academic scholarship
« Kairos: A Journal of Rhetoric, Technology, and Pedagogy. CCCC 2013 Reviews p. 177. Received
published positive review of my CCCC presentation in Las Vegas
« Graduate Teaching Assistantship. The University of Akron. College of Arts and Sciences. Department of
English. 2013-2014
e« “Braving Multimodality in the Composition Classroom: An Experiment to Get the Process Started." Book
chapter published in edited collection Designing and Implementing Multimodal! Curricula and Programs.
Editors JC Lee and Santosh Khadka. Univ. of Calif., Northridge. Routledge, Jan. 2018
e« The Bedford Bibliography for Teachers of Basic Writing, Fourth Edition. Annotated bibliography: Peele,
Thomas. “Working Together: Student-Faculty Interaction and the Boise State Stretch Program.” JBW
29.2 (2010): 50-73. Print.