MAXINE HENDERSON

SUMMARY

Maxine sets the bar high, continuously surpasses it, and has = lot of fun doing it She comes to you with an impressive
portfolio of work, high energy, drive and a commitment to succeed. With her present employer she is involved im working
on brochures, packaging, print and digital advertising. Her keys strengths include her excellent drawing and illustration skills
and her ability to develop and implement novel solutions to complex and open-ended problems.

WORK EXPERIENCE

:

ACT
ARTIST Companyname 2019- Present
Dayjod.com, Vyse Street B'ham Responsible for producing stunning, high quality artwork, and for
contributing unique perspectives to the overall display concept of a
project. Assisting in the development of artistic content across
infof@dzyjob.com numerous platforms and objectives.

0123 456 78906

Fncebaokicor/name = Troubleshooting any reported visual effects related issues.
® Involved in the 3D modelling of characters and environments.
Linkedin.com/name ® Building and maintaining good client relationships at all levels.
® Cresting artwork that is accurate, consistent and looks good.

BE) Bl fa ©

ARTIST Company name 2016 - 2019

EDUCATION Creating dean and optirnized files in Photoshop, Illustrator &
Indesign. Working with internal and external clients on 3 wide variety

University name 2010-2014 of materials. Carrying ovt final test and quality assurance checks on

Course details all work. Maintaining electronic art files and file locations.

Modules

= Communicating expertly with artistic and non-srtistic people.
College name = Constructing appealing 3D modets st various levels of detaal,
Curae cistails = Working on dynamic interactive props as well as static objects.
Subject
ARTIST Company name 2015 - 2016
Coordinsting regular meetings with the creative and marketing
teams. Prioritizing work to ensure that all deadlines are met.

School name
Course details

English (A) = Colltsborating with other artists and professionals to create art.
Maths (B) ® Preparing artwork in accordance with customer specifications.
Physics (C} ® Coordinating regular meetings with the marketing teams.
Geography (D}

Technology (E)
_ 3D ARTIST Company name 2014-2015

Responsible for the creation, implementation, design direction and
maintenance of 3D designs and assets.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

® Developing high quality and innovative motion graphic content.
a Fee: art = Editing ® Painting = Working with modellers and animators to create 3D art.
= Sketching © Fashion = Text here

* Teamwork © Text here = Text here REFERENCES Available on request.