Drama Teacher CV Sample

/Angela Seaton/1a Example Road, Exampleton/07848
123455789/a_seaton@examplemail.co.uk

Professional Summary

lam an experienced and passionate Grama teacher with several years of feaching
experience behind me. | have quolified as a drame teacher with the relevant qualifications
to allow me to teach in the UK and | have continued with my professional development since
| started teaching. | am highly experienced with teaching acting skills, theatrical set design
and cance. However, one of my great passions is for comedy anc | fry fo encourage students
to try their hand at comedic performances in any cGramatic situction. As well as a weaith of
experience putting on student productions of classics, from Shakespeare to Wilde. | have a
proven track record of being able to liaise well with school music departments for
co-productions of musicals. An efficient organiser, | am able to keep track of all the
paperwork and record storage required in modern educational settings.

Core Qualifications

PGCE (Secondary) in Drama gained from Example University 2005-2006 BA (Hons] 2:2 in
English Literature from Example University 2001-2004

Professional Qualifications

@ jnitial Teacher Training (IT) - completed

® Advanced Skills Teacher (AST} — currently in progress
@ First cic training

® Full, clean driving ficense

Academic Qualifications

A levels: English {B) and Drama and Theatre Studies (8) AS levels: French (C) and Business
Studies {B) 9 GCSEs ot grades A. Band C.

Key Skills

® |caon engage students with drama anc theatricality which improves their all-round
education.

® |om on effective communicator with students. porents and all levels of school
management.

® | om funny ond con teach students how to express themselves appropriately through
humour.

Work Experience

Drama Teacher— Example School, Solihull. From September 2006 to present.

® Completed IT and commenced AST.

® Developed stand up comedy and circus performance skills.

® Improved grades of students taking GCSE drama and the numbers of students
choosing the subject at A anc AS level.

Teaching Assistant — Example School, Solihull. From September 2004 to July 2005

® Gained experience at working within a school setting:
® Helped produce an end of term staging of ‘Guys and Dolls’.

References

Available on request. This drama teacher CV sample is just one of many, all of which provice
key insights into how best fo write your CV. Jobseekers should check out the tools and CV
builder on this site for more advice.