SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACHIEVEMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced English language arts and Social Studies teacher with over 20 years in the education field.
Skilled in curriculum instruction, classroom management, and differentiated instruction. Proven ability to
improve student performance and engagement through creative and innovative teaching methods. Strong
understanding of state and national standards, and a commitment to ongoing professional development.

e« Excellent classroom management « Team Leader- Current

« Effectively work with parents e Secretary ( Leadership Team) - School

« Motivating students Improvement Plan Committee - Current

e Interactive teaching/learning e =Effective interviewer

« Innovative lesson planning « Committee member and coordinator of the

« Differentiated instruction Parents, Teachers organization (PTO) - Past

e Public Relations Officer and Events Coordinator
or the Glendevon Primary and Junior High.

« Improved student performance on the STAR 2021/22 Reading test, with gains of 35 points or more and
reading proficiency at a grade-level higher, surpassing district standard.

« Achieved 86% pass for 7th Grade Social Studies for the 7th grade class of 2018-2019.

« Consistently made growth in EOQG- English Language Arts. 2016-2018

e« Achieved growth with more than fifty (50) students in the area of Social Studies . 2015-2016

e« Achieved 90% pass in Grade Four Literacy Test surpassing national average.

e« Successful in helping adolescence and adults who have not gained competency in the GCSE
(Cambridge Exam) and CSEC ( Local Exam) examinations in the area of English Language, to resit
examinations and gain proficiency at grade levels A, B and C or levels 1, 2 and 3.

SEVENTH GRADE ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 10/2020 to CURRENT
Alcorn Middle School | City, STATE

e Adhered to district standards for reporting on academic progress, student attendance and assessment
data.

¢ Differentiated instruction for students with wide range of skill and interest levels.

e Devised lesson plans aligned with curriculum and met varying student needs.

e Met with parents to share perspectives on child's strengths and weaknesses.

e Identified students' level of reading difficulty to provide appropriate reinforcement.

e Attended variety of professional development workshops centered on learning goals, classroom
management, student motivation and engaging learning activities.

e Taught after-school (virtual) and summer enrichment programs.

SECENTH GRADE SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER 08/2018 to 06/2020
Vance County Middle School | City, STATE

e Utilized various educational applications, technology and software to deliver clear, informative lectures
on subject matter framed to meet state standards.

e Communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students and parents in clear and
effective manner.

e Manage and analyze student data to drive instruction using Evaas and Iready.

e Administered tests, quizzes and other assignments to gauge students' learning and knowledge of
course materials.

e Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated
learning needs.

e Coordinated with other Special Education teachers, other faculty members and parents to develop and
update IEPs for gifted/talented and special needs students.

e Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic

performance.
e Implemented interesting and interactive learning media to increase student understanding of course
materials.
7TO-SOCIAL STUDIES/ ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 08/2015 to 06/2018

Henderson Middle School | City, STATE

e Planned, prepared and implemented instructional activities based on common core standards.

e Manage and analyze student data to drive instruction using Evaas and Iready.

e Utilized various educational applications and software to customize instruction.

e Build and maintain relationships with homeroom and other core classes.

e Coordinated after school tutoring hours with other teachers to help students in need of extra attention.

e Maintained strict classroom behavior management to provide positive, conducive environment for
learning.

e Coordinated with other Special Education teachers, other faculty members and parents to develop and
update IEPs for gifted/talented and special needs students.

TEQCHER OF HIGH SCHOOL ENGLISH LANGUAGE &SOCIAL STUDIES 09/2005 to 07/2015
Glendevon Primary And Junior High | City, STATE

e Implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.

e Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

e Taught after-school and summer enrichment programs.

e Created lesson plans in accordance with national curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards.

e Prepared students to gain competency on the National Grade Nine Achievement Test.

e Planned and implemented lessons using various teaching strategies to meet diverse student needs.

e Active member of the Welfare and Fundraising committee at the Glendevon Primary and Junior High
school.

e Planned recreational events for both faculty, for the rest of the school population and staff.

e Planned fundraising activities for fund various ventures in aid of the school's development, both
structurally and financially.

GFOADE FOUR (4) TEACHER 08/1999 to 07/2005
Glendevon Primary And Junior | City, STATE

« Implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.

e Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

e« Taught after-school and summer enrichment programs.

e Created lesson plans in accordance with state curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards.

« Prepared students to gain competency on the National Grade Four Literacy Examination.

« Taught reading. language arts, social studies, mathematics, science, art and physical education to
pupils utilizing course of study adopted by Board of Education.

Bachelor of Arts | Secondary Teacher Education- Social Studies& English Literature 08/2012
Northern Caribbean University, Montego Bay, St. James
Major- Social Studies Minor- Literature

Di-oma in Secondary Education -Social Studies & English Literature 08/1999
Bethlehem Moravian College, Malvern, St. Elizabeth
Major- Social Studies Minor-English Literature

Intrnational TEFL And TESOL Training, Online