PROFESSIONAL

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

Flexibility training and stretching *Dance and ballet
training *Spotting and safety training for circus
performers

CIRCUS ARTS INSTRUCTOR 1999 to 2007
Circus Arts Instructor Of The Department Of Education | City, STATE

e Recruited an average of 10 new participants each month.

e Consistently met daily class attendance goals.

¢ Cultivated positive relationships with participants by interacting with them during group fitness classes.

e Taught a variety of group exercise classes, including solo acrobatics. juggling, and stilt walking for
children age 5 to 15.

AEQGIAL INSTRUCTOR 2006 to 2007
Circo Voador Show House | City, STATE, Brazil

e Explained the use of exercise equipment to all participants, prioritizing safety at all times.
e Developed safe and effective exercise programs for all members.

e Assessed individual progress and suggested appropriate changes.

e Taught a variety of group exercise classes, including aerial fabric and trapeze.

AF EDUCATOR 2001 to 2007
TEAR Art School | City, STATE

e Taught a variety of group exercise classes, including Acrobatics and juggling for children 6 to 10 years
old.
e Explained class objectives and rules.

CICCUS ARTS INSTRUCTOR 11/2010 to CURRENT
Dance And Circus Arts Of Tampa Bay | City, STATE

e Taught a variety of group exercise classes, including aerial acrobatics for children and adult.
e Explained and demonstrated gym games and activities to party participants.

e Assessed individual progress and suggested appropriate changes.

e Developed safe and effective exercise programs for all members.

e Taught at the Circus Summer camps for children.

e Taught at the Circus intensive program for adults.

diploma | Art Education
Tear Art School, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
e Continuing education in Education.

Riode Janeiro, RJ Brazil

dijoma
National Circus School
Riccde Janeiro, RJ Brazil Specialties: Juggler, stilt walker, clown, aerial acrobatics (aerial hoop,

Spanish Web, Trapeze and Silks). Power Pilates- Pilates Instructor certificate St Petersburg, FL
FITOUR- Group Exercise and Yoga Instructor