JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Middle School Reading and Language Arts Teacher successful at building positive teacher-parent relationships to support
student success. Open and clear communicator and creative problem-solver. Highly qualified with over 19 years in classroom environments.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

* Teacher of the Year (school level) 2004-2005 , 2007-2008, 2017-2018

* Leadership Team for Micro-Society Magnet Program at Dufrocq Elementary (2009-2010)
* Grade Level Chairperson (2007-2010, 2012-present)

* School Leadership Team (2015-present)

* Yearbook Advisor (2015- Present)

* Magnet Schools of America 2018-Presenter

* MicroSociety Conference 2019-Presenter

* CPI Non Violent Crisis Intervention Certified 2017, 2019, 2022

¢ Class DOJO Mentor Teacher

¢ Donors Choose Mentor

SKILLS
e Flexible and Adaptable e G-Suite
« Collaboration e Team building
* Conflict Resolution e Leadership
Work History

08/2021 to Current

08/2021 to Current

08/2004 to 05/2021

EpucATION

08/2011

06/1996

AFFILIATIONS

Middle School English and Language Arts Teacher
The Equity Project (Tep) Charter School — Baton Rouge, LA
e Increased student achievement in 100% of students for over 19 years
¢ Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative
regulations
e Strong organizational skills and the ability to pay attention to detail.
¢ Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications ( Google Certified Educator)
e Effective oral/written communication skills and strong analytical skills:
e Able to work independently and as part of a team
e Supported student skill development in alignment with personal and academic goals.
© Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.
¢ Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.
© Cultivated relationships with parents for a complete support network.

Praxis Prep Instructor
Gcp Applied Technologies — Baton Rouge, LA

¢ Prepared students for tests by teaching relevant concepts and enforcing good test-taking skills.

e Developed Praxis teaching aids, instructional software, multimedia visual aids and study materials.
¢ Implemented listening and questioning strategies to diagnose student needs and monitor progress.
© Used positive reinforcement and provided clear feedback to help students succeed.

5th GradeTeacher
Office Of Group Benefits — Baton Rouge, LA
© Proficient and effective delivery of instruction in ELA, Reading, and Science
e Effective assessment of student performance using both formative and summative methods
e Skilled at the integration of technology into the curriculum
e Successfully engage students in interventions and accommodations for all learners according to level and need
e Plan and conduct activities for an effective program of instruction and demonstration that provides students with
opportunities to observe, question, and investigate
e Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative
regulations
e Worked cooperatively with other teachers, administrators and parents to help students reach learning objectives.
¢ Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss instructional
strategies.
e Developed and implemented lesson plans that addressed general students as well as those with individualized 504
plans as part of integrated classroom.

Master of Science: Curriculum and Instruction
American College of Education - Indianapolis, IN

Bachelor of Science: Business Management
Southern University And A&M College - Baton Rouge, LA

LACUE ( Louisiana Association of Computer Using Educators) NCTM (National Council of Teachers of Mathematics) NSTA ( National
Science Teachers Association) LAE ( Louisiana Association of Educators)

CERTIFICATIONS

e Google Certified Educator, Level I

e Education Leadership Certification Level 1

e Edulastic Certified Educator Level II

e EdPuzzle Certified Coach

e Nearpod Certified Educator

« 2019- Instructional Leaders of Tomorrow Cohort VII graduate