JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Talented Language Arts Teacher proficient in developing verbal and written communication skills in students. Bringing administrative and
classroom oversight abilities, including lesson plan implementation, field trip management and recordkeeping. Seeking to leverage 6 years in
field to take on challenging new leadership role.

SKILLS

© Great at finding technological resources to fill the gaps in student © Professional development

learning & provide interest to the content ¢ Knowledgeable about educational technological resources
* Coaching e Grading policy understanding
e Mentoring © Proficient in Microsoft Office
« Motivational speaker e Team collaboration
¢ Presentations e Student support
e Tutoring e Performance evaluation
e Classroom management e Tutoring and student support

e Hands-on learning

EXPERIENCE

Language Arts Teacher, 07/2020 - Current
Union County Public Schools — Monroe, NC
¢ Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening, speaking, reading and writing
activities.
e Assisted students with building long-term skills such for academic, social and emotional development.
e Employed wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.
* Utilized technology resources to develop immersive, informative lessons.

* Selected and implemented interesting and interactive learning media to increase student understanding of course materials.

Language Arts Teacher, 07/2019 - 05/2020
Union County Public Schools — Monroe, NC
© Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening, speaking, reading and writing
activities.
e Educated students on spelling, grammar and language rules through developmentally appropriate curriculum.
¢ Combined discipline plan with effective measures and lesson plans to increase concentration, participation and progress student
accountability.
e Attended and participated in staff meetings to learn new teaching strategies and brainstorm ideas to improve classroom presentations.
e Evaluated and documented student learning and growth.

* Utilized technology resources to develop immersive, informative lessons.

Teacher, 07/2016 - 10/2017
Yale-New Haven Health — Westbrook, CT
e STEM LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER FOR 6TH, 7TH & 8TH GRADE ADVANCED STUDENTS.
e Work with all 3 grade levels to ensure mastery of Florida State Standards while teaching life skills.
e Interacted with parents, teachers and admuinsitrators to maintain productive communication throughout program participation.
e Applied effective teaching principles to directly impact students, improving standardized tests scores by 30%.
¢ Developed interesting course plans with multimedia learning tools to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.
* Identified and documented learning achievements by reporting outcomes, performance information and program adjustments used to boost
comprehension.
* Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.
¢ Incorporated technology into classrooms to maximize student progress and understanding of course material.

Language Arts Teacher, 10/2014 - 04/2016
Union County Public Schools — Monroe, NC
e Earned Highly Effective score.
¢ During this time, I was also the Step team coach for young ladies (2016).
¢ Held practices afterschool weekly, required tutoring-provided by me- in all subjects if students did not have a B or higher in a core classes.
* Took ladies to national competition in Orlando where they won 3rd place.
e This team turned into a mentoring opportunity and several troubled students improved in behavior and academics while under my
coaching.
e During this time, I was also the FCA sponsor meaning that I held meetings once a week in my classroom before school for students to
come and fellowship and host a guest motivational speaker to inspire them to be positive role models in their schools.
e Assisted students with building long-term skills such for academic, social and emotional development.
© Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening. speaking, reading and writing
activities.
e Taught general education students as well as individuals with learning challenges and special needs within mainstreamed, inclusive
classroom.
e Tutored students requiring extra assistance to help improve grades and better understand class material.
e Employed wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

B.S: Secondary English Education, ESol
University of South Florida - Tampa, FLorida

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS