SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Scrupulous Records management with 6 years of experience managing and maintaining records.
Demonstrated expertise at organizing, distributing and archiving records following applicable policies and
regulations. Enhanced daily operations by identifying and addressing areas for improvement. Experienced
and skilled RIM Specialist with strong background in document control and processing systems. Technically-
astute leader and project manager with expertise in TAB Fusion. Desire to bring abilities gained over 6 year
Records keeping career and pursue dynamic, growth-oriented position focused on continuous improvement
and optimal workflows. Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good
customer service and positive attitude will make a difference. Flexible hard worker ready to learn and
contribute to team success. Highly organized and motivated Account Executive with demonstrated track
record of building relationships with clients, developing successful sales campaigns, and managing teams of
account managers. Skilled in financial analysis, customer service and problem-solving. Experienced in
coordinating activities with various departments to achieve strategic objectives.

e Data representation ¢ TAB Fusion expertise

e Forecast Preparation e Business Development and Planning
« Archiving skills e RIM Specialist

e Customer Presentations ¢ SHRM Member

e Research and Analysis

CULINARY ARTS/ACCELERATED MATH INSTRUCTOR 07/2019 to CURRENT
Hooters Of America, Llc | Corpus Christi, TX

e« Maintains effective housekeeping and sanitation programs to ensure compliance with Hazard Analysis
and Critical Control Point, American Institute of Baking and company quality standards

e Documented and communicated student progress on course goals to identify areas in need of
improvement.

e Provides students with timely performance feedback

e Serves as a technical expert and coach for team members

e Instructed students using Delta Math online learning platform in addition to educating students in
traditional, face-to-face settings.

e« Supports students in presenting ideas for improving the efficiency and productivity of operations

e« Maintains students training in accordance with industry and governmental safety rules and standards.

e« Created course syllabus to clearly communicate expectations and standards for student success.

e Held office hours to provide additional course support and help students navigate course curriculum.

e Maintained files and retrieved information from computer and manual filing systems.

e Entered data and prepared documents, spreadsheets, reports and other materials.

e Scanned, saved and organized hard copy and digital documents in computerized file library.

e Assisted customers by answering routine administrative questions and resolving problems.

e« Updated indexes and file data for legal and official documents.

e Researched, gathered and provided records information in response to requests submitted by phone
and fax.

e« Managed incoming and outgoing mail, parcels and other correspondence by shipping, sorting and
distributing.

e Reviewed and processed requests for information under Freedom of Information Act or Privacy Act.

e Aided with courts-martial records life cycle management process by organizing, updating, storing and
archiving records.

e Viewed and inspected microfilm or scanned documents for quality.

« Completed documents and work requests according to company standards.

e Kept documents moving in proper flow by applying strong organizational, planning and multitasking
abilities.

e Filed accurate weekly, monthly, quarterly regulatory paperwork and maintained organization to support
smooth audit processes.

e Setup documents for individual projects based on specifications.

e« Uploaded documents to control sites. tracked transmittals and coordinated revisions.

e Verified accuracy and integrity of supplied data against established standards.

e Converted documents for specific personnel or project needs.

e Kept electronic content legal, secure and accessible for relevant internal and external parties.

e Monitored activities to assess compliance with records policies and document management regulations.

e Setup, optimized and enforced consistent document management policies.

e Identified process gaps. determined solutions and implemented updates to drive efficiency
improvements.

e Filled out and stored transmittal logs for permanent records.

e« Created and edited documents, mail merges and graphics using diverse programs.

MCL PROCESSING STATISTICIAN 05/2013 to 07/2019
USPS, United States Postal Service | City, STATE

e Serve as Analyst, Statistician, and Contract Supervisor

e Receive and assess daily. weekly, and monthly statistical data vis-a-vis mail and pouching operations,
productivity, accuracy. contract compliance, etc.

e Assure all requisite contract metrics are satisfied

e Manage and maintain processing schedules and sort plans for parcel sorter and letter/flats sorting
machines

e Metrics gathered, analyzed, maintained, and reports furnished to stakeholders with the objective to
reduce costs.

¢ Maintained files and retrieved information from computer and manual filing systems.

e Entered data and prepared documents, spreadsheets, reports and other materials.

e Scanned, saved and organized hard copy and digital documents in computerized file library.

e Assisted customers by answering routine administrative questions and resolving problems.

e Updated indexes and file data for legal and official documents.

e Performed basic troubleshooting and maintenance for microfilming, scanning and other office
equipment.

e Viewed and inspected microfilm or scanned documents for quality.

e Completed documents and work requests according to company standards.

RE TAURANT GENERAL MANAGER 02/2017 to 05/2073
H & B Food Services | City, STATE

« Cultivated and developed customer relationships to enable sustained revenue growth.

e« Greeted and assisted guests by gathering information pertaining to reservations or requests.

e Prepared restaurant business plan by reviewing demands, analyzing competitors and developing
projections for sales and finances.

e Hired and trained new employees, demonstrating best methods for serving clients and guests.

« Negotiated contracts, closed agreements and supported sales team in new product launches.

e« Purchased adequate quantities of food, beverages, equipment, and supplies.

« Promoted positive atmosphere and went above and beyond to guarantee each customer received
exceptional food and service.

« Prepared quotes for potential clients, upselling special packages and maintaining high levels of
accuracy.

« Managed account budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting.

« Drove new business development and client acquisition through cold calling, lead generation and
exceptional service.

« Updated account plans based on changing markets, customer conditions and competitor activity.

e« Maintained updated knowledge of changing industry, standards and trends related to accounts.

« Made actionable and insightful recommendations for new products, extensions or enhancements.

Bachelor of Science | International Business Management 05/2019
Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, TN

AsCociate of Arts | Patisserie And Baking 12/2010
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts, Tucker, GA