MALLORY QUINN

Email: Mal loryJQuinn@aol.com, cell: 813-786-0551

Height: 55° Hair: Long Brunette
Byes: Hazel Voice Range: Alto Soprana, Alte MezoBelt

Busch Gardens Stare of Tomorrow Featured Dancer Busch Gardens

Major League Team Owner's Conference National Anthem Soloist Tropicana Stadium

Choreography & Directing

Musto of the Knight:
The Songs of Sir Andrew Lioyd Webber Choreographer Salerno Theater Company
The Wedding Singer Choreographer Florida Academy of Performing Arts
Dawson Dance Academy Recital 2016 Choreographer Dawaon Dance Academy
Allee in Wonderiand Jr. Director & Choreographer Dewson Dance Acadamy
Training:

o Blake High School for the Performing Arts: Musical Theatre Major
o Karl and DiMarco School of Theatre and Dance:

* 8 years ballet, tap, jazz, company member.
o Mary Jo's Performing Arts Acadery:

* 2years, pointe & hip hop.

2013: Recipient of “Best Actress in a Musical: Eponine, Les Miserables” award, by Plant City Entertainment
2007 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, My Body from “The Life”

2008 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from “A Chorus Line”

o 2007 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from “A Chorus Line”

© 2006 Districts Thespian Competition Crities Choice Showcase: Large Group, My Body from “The Life”

© 2005 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, Mr. Witherspoon from “Lucky Stiff

© 2006 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Duet, | Know Him So Well from “Chess”

o Technical Theatre experience (deck crew, spotlight, costumes, sound).

o Extensive experience working with animals from growing up ona horse farm and employment at an animal

hospital as a veterinary assistant (2 years).

Certified TAGteach (clicker) instructor, and knowledgeable of positive reinforcement trainings for animals

and humans.

© Published author of research using positive reinforcement training in performing arts domains (dance), in
the Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis.

o Writer and creator of: The POINTE Program (POsitive INTerventions to Enhance the Performance of
Dancers).

o Masters in Applied Behavior Analysis

© Board Certified Behavior Analyst

o Formerly member of advanced bandensemblefor flute and alto saxophone (2001-2004).

o Pure Barre Fitness Instructor (employee of Pure Barre Westchase since June of 2014).

© Musical Theater and Dance Instructor (employee of Dawson's Dance Acad emy Westchase since June of
2015).

dD