Art Salcedo

10008 Pear Street, Keller, TX 76248
Email: art.sakedo@aa.com Phone (817) 676-4926

OBJECTIVE: Seekingemployment in Human Resources or related field where [can apply my unique combination of
education and successful military work experience to enhance a company’s overall performance.

SUMMARY: Experience in Human Resource in the United States Air Force and American Airlines to include human
resource systems planning and impk mentation, job analysis, career counseling, employment relocation, program
compliance and job training. Expert al managing government compensation programs, Excellent customer service
communication and written skills, Proficient with Microsoft Office 2010 to include: Word, PowerPoint, Excel Access
and Outlook. Proficient in Peopk Soft, MIPDS, ARMS,TPS and CMS software. Twenty- ane years of supervisory
experience.

EXPERIENCE:
Jul 12 — Present, Campus Coordinator, American Airlines, Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX

* Work with manager and creative services team for the creation of invitations, correspondence and other materials
necessary for each college event

* Organize tour at DFW for our MBA internship program

* Develop meeting and event registration website for the Professional and College Recruitment team
Maintain and created databases for colle ge recruitment for assigned events including but not limited to; initial
invitation lists, RSVP responses, credential & confirmation mailings, rooming lists, name badges, etc. As well as
created data merge with Microsoft Word for invitation letter giving a personal touch to each etter

* Provide documents to hotels and venues on attendance including rooming lists, meak counts, etc. for coll ge
conferences and job fairs,

* Attend and support on sie management of events for MBA, Intemship and Undergrad events.
Coordinate volunteers to assist with Habitat for Humanity and the North Tarrant Food Bank for our Internship
program.

* Process invoices and check requests and track all expenses for colle ge events to include Catering events at the schools

and American Airlines Headquarters.

Handle distribution on all incoming emails and mail for the college team.

Participate on college team job fairs and conferences for recruiting pilots and college candidates.

Maintain inventory of all event promotional items in stock in our storage room.

Order and search all promotional items for college recruitment

Maintain trade show booths and banner stands and other promotional items used by College Recruitment team.

Responsible for working with department to determine and order all supplies needed for events including name

badges, tent cards, lanyards, notebooks, foklers, ete.

* Responsible for all candidate expense forms and coordinate, trackand follow-up with Finance Department to ensure
that candidates are paid.

Jun 11 — Jul 2012, Human Resources Assistance, American Airlines, Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX

* Created new processes toenhance Human Resources by organizing the Chief Officer Operations (COO) process so
that the Vice Presidentof DFW Airport can quickly review important cases presentedto him and make quick
decisions an the outcome.

Created COO checklist that enables Human Resources Specialists to stay consistent with the process and improving
the way business is conducted at DFW

Counsel employees on health benefits, pay issues, travel, vacation hours, sick hours, retirement bene fits,
unemployment benefits, union issues and many other issues relating to Human Resources

Update cases in Case Management Systems so that all managers, Human Resources Specialist, and upper evel
managements are aware of issues pretending to employees.

Utilize Microsofi Office Calendar and note pad to consistently stay organize and track issues pretending to Human
Resources