SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Resourceful middle school educator, holding a supervisor certificate, with over fifteen years of related
classroom experience including small group differentiated instruction, utilizing best practices, close reading of
text, in-depth discussions, research and writing activities via multimedia, project based learning and cultural
responsive teaching.

« Cultural competency e Innovative lesson planning
e Data-driven instruction e Instructional best practices
« Project Based Learning e Differentiated instruction
« Team collaboration e Classroom management
« Group leadership e Technologies integration
e Interpersonal communications e Essay writing technique development
« Activity Planning e Interactive teaching/learning
LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 11/XXX2 to CURRENT

Franklin County Public Schools | Frankfort, KY

e Promotes student growth by encouraging independent thinking, judgment and thought expression

e Educates students about foreign cultures through immersive activities

e Compiles multidimensional cultural and educational resources for students to expand knowledge of key
topics beyond classroom limitations

¢ Collaborates with other subject and grade-level teachers to build complementary educational
frameworks for students

e Observed fellow teaching professionals, gathering valuable techniques to use in classroom.

e Consults students to identify reasons for poor performance, gain understanding of personal struggles
outside classroom, and devise plans for remediation

e Creates and age and interest appropriate reading lists to expand students' vocabulary and
comprehension skills

e Evaluates student progress. records scores and revises plans for reteaching of subject matter to
accomplish learning

e Selects and revises course curricula to meet current instructional demands

e Modifies teaching strategies to meet the learning styles of students

e Creates hands-on projects to promote student interest and receptive learning

MIODLE SCHOOL ELA TEACHER 03/2006 to 11/XXX2
Albany Charter School Network | Pasadena, CA

e Conquered challenges of working with highly diverse student population to attain exceptional student
achievement.

e Assisted students with building long-term skills such for academic, social and emotional development.

e Used positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.

e Attended variety of professional development workshops centered on learning goals, classroom
management, student motivation and engaging learning activities.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines
during state reviews.

HICH SCHOOL ENGLISH TEACHER 09/2005 to 03/2006
Envision Education | Oakland, CA

e Prepared informative classroom lectures on literature, poetry and historical authors to engage and
educate students.

e Established and enforced clear class objectives and requirements to promote consistent education for
all students.

e Handled disciplinary problems with calm and poise and reported escalating issues to principal.

e Developed class learning plans to meet all district and statement requirements for instruction.

e Assessed student performance, behavior and social development and devised improvement strategies
for struggling children.

EN3LISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 09/2004 to 06/2005
Legacy Traditional Schools | Surprise, AZ

e Educated students on spelling, grammar and language rules through developmentally appropriate
curriculum.

e Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.

e Planned and implemented lessons using variety of teaching strategies to meet diverse student needs.

e Created lesson plans and chose supporting materials to promote positive learning experiences.

e Met with administrators and department team members to work on curriculum planning and assessment

methods.
Master of Arts | Educational Technology O5/XXX6
New Jersey City University, Jersey City, NJ

¢ 3.73GPA

« Supervisor Certification, XXxX8
« School Library Media Certification, XXx6

Bz helor of Arts | Enghlish 05/2002
New Jersey City University, Jersey City, NJ

e 3.77 GPA Cum Laude

e Deans List January 1999- May 2002
e Thesis: Fictional Novella "Dead End"
e Presidential Scholarship Recipient

As -ociate of Arts | Liberal Arts And General Studies 05/1999
Hudson County Community College, Jersey City, NJ

« 3.69 GPA Magna Cum Laude
e« Deans List January 1999-2002

« School Administrator/Supervisor (SAS) Certification, XXX8
e Library Media Specialist, XXx6