JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enterprising Financial Analyst offering 7 years of National Nuclear Security Administration industry experience with proven success in
recommending appropriate financial plans based on accurate data collection, financial monitoring and business strategizing. Expertise includes
financial analysis and reporting, contract management and forecasting. Develops and maintains high standards of quality and issue resolution
through effective financial planning. Adept at utilizing top-of-the-line communication skills to build and foster long-term relationships.

Current DOE Q-Clearance
SKILLS
e Expert proficiency in use of automated accounting, cost e Audit Coordination
management, scheduling and estimating systems as tools for e Business Development and Planning
performing duties. e RIM Specialist
e TAB Fusion expertise e SHRM Member
e Strategic Financial Planning
e GAAP and Statutory Reporting
e Financial and Operational Reporting
Work HIsToRy

Accelerated Math/Culinary Arts Instructor, 07/2019 - Current
Kneaders Bakery & Cafe — Las Vegas, NV
e Reviewed financial reports and streamlined operations to increase productivity and company profits.
¢ Promote and demonstrate world-class safety behavior in order to create and sustain safe working environment and lifestyle. Conduct all
aspects of work safely and securely, continuously improving in pursuit of injury- and incident-free performance.
e Instructed students using Delta Math online learning platform in addition to educating over 200 students in traditional, face-to-face settings.
¢ Responsible to drive communication and execution of strategic objectives which integrate technical, operational, and functional resources
of business throughout organization.
e Provide consistent long and short ranged budgeting, prioritization, scheduling, integration, resource planning, and negotiation in support of

performance incentives and contract deliverables.

Mail Processing Statistician, 05/2013 - 07/2019
USPS, United States Postal Service — City, STATE
¢ Develop and input financial data into subsidiary and general ledger accounts in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles.
¢ Provide state-of-the-art technical project control expertise to guide subordinates in development of highly complex multi-project integrated
area project analysis and problem correction.
* Collected data and developed detailed spreadsheets to identify trends and create revenue, profitability, and expense forecasts.
¢ Metrics gathered, analyzed, maintained, and reports furnished to stakeholders with objective to reduce costs by 11%.
e Analyzes variances in cost and schedule performance against plan and communicates reasons for issuance of variance and proposed
mitigation plans to Management.
e Foster precepts of safety, security, integrity, teamwork, and customer satisfaction resulting in organization which is agile and flexible
enough to accomplish changing needs of organization and customers.

Restaurant General Manager, 02/2011 - 05/2013
H & B Food Services — City, STATE
e Maintain and reconcile general ledger accounts, identifying non-reconciling items and ensuring their timely resolution.
¢ Prepared restaurant business plan by reviewing demands, analyzing competitors and developing projections for sales and finances.
¢ Negotiated contracts, closed agreements and supported sales team in new product launches that increased profit margin by 8%.
e Recorded, interpreted and communicated financial data and plans using PeopleSoft knowledge .
e Managed account budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting.
e Drove new business development and client acquisition through cold calling, lead generation and exceptional service.

e Updated account plans based on changing markets, customer conditions and competitor activity.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: International Business Management, 05/2019
Austin Peay State University - Clarksville, TN

Associate of Arts: Patisserie And Baking. 12/2010
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Tucker, GA