PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

WORK HISTORY

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Focused and ambitious education professional with masters degree in Organizational Leadership in
Administration and Education Leadership, experienced in helping students achieve their education goals.
Talented in building lasting relationships while partnering with others to meet various objective goals.
Hardworking and passionate career seeker with strong organizational skills, eager to secure position as
Assistant Principal/Assistant Administrator.

« Copy Preparation e Program Guidelines Adherence
« Microsoft Office e Mentoring
« Photoshop e Parent relations
« Critical Thinking e Instructional techniques
« Performance Quality Assurance e Attendance records
« Program Scheduling e Student records management
« Time Management e Marketing and advertising
e  Interdepartmental Coordination e Secondary education
M.S. Ed. Leadership K-12 Certification (ES) | Education Leadership K-12 Endorsement 06/2021

Concordia University Ann Arbor, Ann Arbor, MI

Misters of Science | Organizational Leadership in Administration 05/2018
Concordia University Ann Arbor, Ann Arbor, M

Ba-helor of Fine Arts 05/2014
Marygrove College, Detroit, Ml

Baohelor of Arts | Philosophy 05/2008
Oakland University, Rochester, MI

Education Leadership Certification K-12 (ES)

© ARTS MANAGEMENT PROGRAM DIRECTOR / TEACHER 04/2016 to CURRENT

Primrose School | Fishers, IN

e Manage directs plans, and coordinates all activities in department.

e Managed and executed marketing objectives, specifications, and concepts to design advertising, media,
print, and upload to social networking platforms.

e Managed and ensured project/department milestones/goals were met and adhering to approved
budgets.

e Managed biannual performance calendar and outings.

e Trained and developed support staff.

¢ Trained and oversee volunteer, students and staff for various events.

e Managed setup and break down of events.

e Chaperone off campus engagements, trainings and performances.

e Research and development materials and supplies needed providing quotes and purchases.

e Developed Created Course Curriculum and Class offerings.

e Created and managed formative and summative assessments for students.

e Improved success of program by making proactive adjustments to operations.

e Developed Dance Program from ground up, laying out framework and defining roles.

e Interviewed and hired talented Lighting artist and Dance aids with expertise in lighting, choreography
and set design to increase strengths within already gifted department.

e Resolved parent and multiple departmental issues quickly using collaboration, communication and
negotiating skills, increasing student retention rate.

e Scheduled and supervised staff meetings to discuss new ideas and update participants on program
details and milestones.

e Ofrchestrated smooth and efficient program development by collaborating cross-functionally across
departments.

e Developed and organized routine and special programming by factoring in slot timing, demographics
and other important parameters.

KI DERGARTEN ASSISTANT TEACHER 08/2076 to 08/2017
Charter Schools Usa | Senoia, GA

e Established a safe and orderly environment and a culture to empower students.

e Worked collaboratively with school personnel to create a professional learning community.

e Developed goals and strategies through the school improvement plan.

e Collaborated with colleagues to mentor and support teachers to improve effectiveness of department or
grade level.

e Selected materials and developed lessons that counteract stereotypes and incorporated contributions
of all cultures.

e Welcomed differences and valued contributions of each student by building positive and appropriate
relationships.

e Incorporated life skills: leadership, ethics. accountability, adaptability, personal productivity, personal
responsibility, people skills, self-direction, and social responsibility.

e Regularly assessed students, both formative and summative.

e Demonstrated and utilized technology with instructional media to enhance learning.

e Work with parents and guardians to promote positive behavioral support.

e Communicate and interact with others during academic planning and committee activities.

e Prepared reports and maintained administrative records.

STODENT SERVICE COORDINATOR 08/2015 to 08/2016
MEP Services / CS Partners | City, STATE

e Managed and demonstrated the ability to carry out transcript audits independently.

e Managed and updated CA-60 and records required for documents of submission for level K-12
students.

e Communicated effectively and attracted resourceful persons from the community to sponsor student
activities and events.

e Experienced in arranging student community joint ventures for promotion of the school district.

e Managed change of student schedules and making sure the students are updated in a timely manner.

e Worked with and coordinated with Superintendent / School Leader and upper management to convey
student's concerns.

e Scheduled student activities and programs, managed and oversee all student related events and
functions.

e Liaison between school management and students for any concerns or discussions.

e Creation of newsletters and flyers showcasing high school activities and events.

e Developed educational tract programs to help minimize potential dropouts and enhance re-admission of
dropouts through credit recovery.

e Supported student social, emotional and academic development.

e Monitored curricula and course sequencing.

e Implemented retention strategies to improve outcomes.

e Maintained program files, records, databases and websites to gather research and prepare and submit
reports to principal.

e Conferred and resolved education-related issues and problems with students, parents and school
officials.

e Advised students on issues such as course selection, progress toward graduation and career
decisions.

e Checked on instructor lessons and communication in order to assess quality of education and
assistance offered to students.

e Planned, administered and controlled budgets and produced financial reports.

e Analyzed instructor, student and class trends to make proactive decisions about program operations.

e Provided information and coordinated referrals for available programs.