SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Talented professional with diverse experience in planning and implementing various activities for promoting social and intellectual growth of

students.

HiGHLicHTs

© Certified in Early Childhood Education

¢ Title I knowledge

« Curriculum development
e Standardized testing techniques
« Learming assessments

e IEPs knowledge

¢ Differentiated instruction specialist

e Excellent classroom management

¢ Teaching, tutoring and counseling

e Experience working special needs students

e Effectively work with parents

¢ Motivating students

¢ Interactive teaching/learning

« Innovative lesson planning

¢ Urban public schools background

« Experiential learning

« Microsoft Office and Outlook proficiency
¢ SMART Board familiarity

¢ Data-driven curriculum expertise

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Named "Teacher of the Year” in 1998 and 2000.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

09/2013 to Current

2007 to 09/2013

Reading Language Arts/Math Teacher
Universal Health Services — North Little Rock, AR

e Developed individual educational plans (IEP) designed to promote educational, physical and social development.

¢ Incorporated engaging texts to enhance literacy skills and foster a fun and engaging learning environment.

¢ Coached students and reviewed test material in preparation for Maryland state-wide standardized tests.

e Assessed student progress weekly, monthly and quarterly.

e Integrated technology into the curriculum to develop students’ word processing and research skills.

e Set and enforced clear deadlines for student work.

e Alerted administrators to any concerns about student performance and progress.

e Planned and conducted hands-on activities to provide students with opportunities to observe, question and
investigate.

e Continued to develop knowledge of Reading and Mathematics through continued education courses.

© Helped students develop and improve study methods and habits.

e Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations to enhance learning.

Paraprofessional
Nexstar Media Group Inc. — Fresno, CA

¢ Kept accurate records of student performance, maintaining the confidentiality of student records and information at
all times.

e Participated in regular training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the
field.

e Implemented remedial programs for students requiring extra help.

© Coordinated after school tutoring hours with other teachers to help students in need of extra attention.

e Enhanced lessons using Smart Board technology and computers.

¢ Successfully transitioned sixth graders into the middle school setting and eighth graders into the high school
setting.

¢ Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs.

11/2005 to 11/2006 Director

Kindercare — Bala Cynwyd, PA

e Created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum.

¢ Offered stimulating curriculum that accommodated all learning styles.

© Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers, and other specialists.

¢ Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.
e Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants.

Managed team of 20 of professionals.

© Completed daily paperwork for agencies such as Child Protection Services and Resource and Referral Centers.
e Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to each parent.

e Increased profits by developing, initiating, and managing day care expenses.

e Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, radio, print and digital.

e Managed the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.

05/1997 to 04/2005 Teacher

EpucaTIon

2013

CoMPUTER SKILLS

Great Commission Academy — City, STATE

e Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.

¢ Met with parents and guardians to discuss students’ progress at least once per semester.

e Enforced both classroom and administration policies and rules at all times Established positive relationships with
students, parents, colleagues and administrators.

e Encouraged discussion of class material to promote critical thinking.

¢ Implemented remedial programs for students requiring extra help.

e Participated in regular training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the
field.

e Kept accurate records of student performance, maintaining the confidentiality of student records and information at
all times.

e Assessed student progress weekly, monthly and quarterly.

© Developed, administered and corrected tests and quizzes in a timely manner.

e Received high remarks for the creativity of classroom lesson plans and instructional techniques from students,
parents and faculty.

e Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning.

e Earned positive verbal/written feedback from parents regarding classroom instruction and student learning success.

© Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of
course materials.

Bachelor of Arts degree: English
University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD
Minor in Women's Studies

excel, power point, Microsoft word,

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

¢ Honors’ Awards: Recognition of Outstanding Teacher, and Teacher of the Year.