JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Innovative Project Manager effective in leading and directing cross cultural projects from inception to launch. More than 15 years of
progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives. Consistently surpasses of revenue performance
targets.

Project Manager dedicated to identifying and cultivating team members’ skills and talents. Applies leardship to enhance team performance
and efficiency. Eager to cultivate strong working relationships with colleagues.

Forward-thinking project management specialist confident in leading team members, managing schedules and coordinating resources. Keeps
projects on-track with decisive supervision and quick problem-solving. Persuasive in communicating and negotiating with internal team
members, vendors and other stakeholders.

SKILLS
¢ Multi-unit operations management ¢ Culture building
¢ Project management e Recreation program leadership

* Budgeting and forecasting
EXPERIENCE

04/2016 to Current Founder of Brazilian Inst. Arts and Culture 501c3
Life Time Fitness — Canton, MI
¢ Helped with end-to-end event planning process through meetings, walk-throughs and day-of execution.
e Handled client questions and concerns via different communication channels to deliver exceptional customer
service.
e Organized resources for events with up to 30,000 attendees and $100,000 budgets.
e Organized event facility, food and beverage selections and audio-visual arrangements.
¢ Oversaw event logistics, venue scheduling and accommodations.
e Maintained close communication with clients to mitigate service issues.
© Coordinated vendors, timelines and budgets for events.
e Selected décor and event materials fitting clients’ requests and vision.
e Directed event production in collaboration with sponsors, hosts and internal teams.
e Assessed event success and identified improvement areas through client feedback.
e Networked to obtain potential event sponsors.
e Designed and maintained spreadsheets documenting vendor, facility and guest information.
© Boosted client satisfaction through administration of on-site service requests and event logistics management.
e Recommended money-saving strategies for events to bring costs within budget.
¢ Hosted large groups by engaging with attendees during annual events.
¢ Initiated negotiations with vendors and subcontractors to meet event budget.
e Planned graduations by securing event locations and creating program booklets.
« Drove event attendance while reducing overhead through marketing and outreach initiatives.

01/2019 to Current Faculty Teacher
San Diego State University — City, STATE
e Formulated well-structured syllabus of course content to detail learning goals and expected outcomes.
e Structured assignments with clear goals and criteria for assessment.
e Designed collaborative learning exercises to capitalize on students’ resources and skills.

06/2021 to Current Portuguese Interpreter
Integrity Nursing — City, STATE
e Delivered real-time, accurate oral translations and interpretations for clients.
e Sat in on meetings to provide members with oral translations of conversations and information.
© Provided appropriate contextual information to increase clients understanding of translations.

10/2000 to Current Martial Arts Instructor
University Of California San Diego — City, STATE
e¢ Demonstrated proper martial arts techniques and helped students practice and master techniques and embrace
individual learning needs and realistic goals for advancement.
e Adapted lessons and teaching styles to meet unique needs and abilities of students being taught and led high-
energy, benefit-driven instruction for children and adults.
e Instructed on core discipline principles and key fighting strategies to students of various skill tiers.

04/1999 to Current Founder
Capoeira Paulo Batuta — City, STATE

e Built and maintained positive personal relationships with students and families, served as role model and character
educator and prioritized safety by supervising classes closely.

¢ Demonstrated proper martial arts techniques and helped students practice and master techniques and embrace
individual learning needs and realistic goals for advancement.

e Adapted lessons and teaching styles to meet unique needs and abilities of students being taught and led high-
energy, benefit-driven instruction for children and adults.

© Designed academically rigorous lessons, rubrics and assessments. monitored students’ progress toward higher
ranks, tested students periodically and issued new belts in affirming ceremonies.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/1991 Bachelor of Science: Business Economics
Catholic Pontifical University of Campinas - Campinas, Brazil

05/1986 Master of Arts: Capoeira Brazilian Martial Art
Capoeira De Valor - Campinas, Brazil