JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Mindful Middle School Teacher accomplished in preparing students for the future through the use of new technologies. Encourages students to
engage in group work and to solve problems as a team.

SKILLS
¢ Curriculum development e Organization
e First Aid and CPR Certified e Willing to collaborate
« Receptive to Feedback © Proficiency in Google Docs/Excel/Etc.
e Team Player
Work History

07/2014 to Current 8th Grade Language Arts
North Country Academy — Novi
¢ Communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students and their parents.
e Planned and supervised class projects, field trips and visits by guest speakers.
¢ Prepared daily lesson plans for activities.
e Provided one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.
¢ Integrated technology into the classroom as an instructional tool
¢ Differentiated assignments based on students academic level
¢ Modified assignments/lessons for English Language Learners
¢ Co-plan/co-teach with master teacher
¢ Collaborate with teammates about cross curriculum units

2014 to 04/2014 Student Teacher
Caroline Bentley — City, STATE
e Assist the classroom teacher with planning and implementing lessons.
e Integrating technology into regular lessons.
¢ Differentiate lessons based on students academic level.
¢ Collaborate with classroom teacher
e Administered and graded tests and assignments to evaluate students’ progress.
e Established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls and emails

07/2011 to 11/2013 After School Club Attendant
Charleston Recreation Department — City, STATE
e Organize regular activities for the kids.
¢ Help kids with homework
e Assist families with drop offs/pick ups
e Organize field trips

EDUCATION
2014 Bachelor of Science: Elementary Education
Eastern Illinois University - Charleston, IL

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
¢ Helped recreate our middle school English Language Arts curriculum. Worked with Language Arts teachers across the district to create detailed
curriculum framework for Eagle County 2016-2017
© Participated in professional development through J. Taylor Education: Depth and Complexity throughout the 2016-2017 school year