JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Energetic individual committed to working hard and efficiently. Calm and poised and considered true team player. Fast learner with proven
history of efficiency and detail-oriented work. Known for being honest, trustworthy, straight forward and out going. Excited to see what the
future holds.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Graduated With Certification&serv Safe Good Until(8/23/2027) Culinary School Was Two Years.: Culinary Arts, 09/2021

Culinary Arts (behind The Grill) - Ayer, MA

High School Diploma: 05/2003
Sabis International Charter School - Springfield, MA

SKILLS

¢ Problem-Solving e Flexible Schedule
¢ Organizational Skills ¢ Food Safety and Sanitation
e Planning & Organizing e Friendly, Positive Attitude
¢ People Skills ¢ Reliable & Trustworthy
e Good Work Ethic e Power and Hand Tool Use
e Maintenance & Repair e Mechanical Repair
* Critical Thinking © Safety-Oriented Mindset
e Customer Service e Service Sales

EXPERIENCE

Culinary Arts Student, 08/2021 - 01/2023
Cracker Barrel Old Country Stores — New Albany, MS
* Identified recipe ingredients and made sure each was prepared for service.
¢ Monitored temperatures of prepared food and cold-storage areas.
e Maintained clean and orderly appearance throughout kitchen and dining area.
e Prepared variety of foods according to exact instructions and recipe specifications.
e Set up work stations prior to opening to minimize prep time.
e Chopped and diced vegetables and fruits to stock fridge ahead of busy periods.

Cleaning Crew Member, 08/2019 - 10/2021
Lennox Companies — Jackson, MS
e Swept, mopped and sanitized wooden and tile floors.
e Handled, labeled and safely stored various hazardous chemicals and solutions to prevent injuries.
¢ Restocked supplies, replacing toiletries, liners and soaps.
¢ Kept bathrooms in clean, functional condition by scrubbing stalls. sanitizing sinks and tidying storage shelves.
e Emptied wastebaskets to transport trash and waste to proper disposal areas.

Painting Helper, 03/2016 - 08/2019
Tic Home Care Of The Twin Cities — Saint Paul, MN
* Covered surfaces and furnishings with cloth and plastic to protect from paint drops.
e Applied paint, stain and varnish to wood, metal, plastic and drywall both inside and outside of residential dwellings using sprayers, brushes
and rollers.

e Sprayed and brushed custom artwork on interior and exterior walls and ceilings using stencils or by following sketches.

Maintenance Technician, 07/2012 - 03/2016
Meijer, Inc. — Rockford, MI
* Operated hand and power tools to complete repairs.
¢ Ordered parts. supplies or equipment from catalogs or suppliers.
¢ Repaired machines, equipment or structures using tools or equipment.
¢ Dismantled machines, equipment, or devices to access and remove defective parts.

¢ Cleaned or lubricated shafts, bearings or other parts of machinery.

Personal Care Assistant, 04/2005 - 01/2009

Baker Roofing — Pensacola, FL
© Observed patients for changes in physical, emotional, mental or behavioral condition and injuries.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
e Maintained daily living standards by assisting clients with personal hygiene needs.
e Laundered clothing and bedding to prevent infection.
¢ Followed care plan and directions to administer medications.

Meat Department Clerk, 03/2007 - 10/2008

Lake Charles Memorial Hospital — Lake Charles, LA
e Managed high customer volume efficiently by accurately cutting, wrapping and weighing products.
e Performed variety of tasks to enhance customer shopping experience.
¢ Checked products for temperature and expiration dates to maintain consumer safety.

Painter Laborer, 07/2005 - 05/2006
Abbott Laboratories — Fort Lauderdale, FL
e Sanded, stripped, brushed and power washed surfaces to clean and smooth, ensuring adherence of paint and primer.
* Protected exposed surfaces from harmful substances by setting up drop cloths, plastic or paper.
e Applied paint, stain and varnish to wood, metal, plastic and drywall both inside and outside of residential dwellings using sprayers, brushes

and rollers.

Roofing Laborer, 07/2004 - 04/2005

Giant Eagle — North Randall, OH
¢ Unloaded materials to roof by repetitive lifting or through conveyor operations.
¢ Worked regularly at advanced heights and followed all OSHA safety protocols and procedures for fall prevention.
e Performed skilled and semi-skilled repairs to existing roofs, including shingle replacement.

Food Service Worker, 07/2004 - 12/2004

State Of Montana — Helena, MT
e Maintained professional demeanor during interactions with customers and co-workers.
e Made meals in accordance with company standards and requirements.
e Cleaned and sanitized work areas, equipment, utensils, dishes and silverware.

e Assembled and served meals according to specific guest requirements.

Customer Service Representative, 03/2004 - 07/2004

GameStop — City, STATE
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.

¢ Developed strong customer relationships to encourage repeat business.

Convenience Store Clerk, 08/2003 - 02/2004

DB Mart — City, STATE
* Collected cash payments from customers or charged purchases to credit cards.
¢ Sold store items and vehicle services to customers.
e Maintained work area and kept cash drawer organized.

e Maintained adequate food and beverages in display cases and refrigerators for customer convenience.

Coffee Shop Worker, 01/2002 - 09/2003
Dunkin' Donuts — City, STATE
¢ Described menu items to customers and suggested appealing products.
e Prepared and served hot or cold beverages.
e Maintained calm demeanor during high-volume periods and special events.
e Addressed and resolved customer concerns to maintain brand loyalty.

¢ Collected payments and provided accurate change.

Food Preparation Worker, 05/2000 - 09/2002
Grace Foods/Aramark Foods — City, STATE
e Distributed food to waiters and waitresses to serve customers.
e Portioned and wrapped food or placed directly on plates for service to patrons.
e Re-stocked, organized and arranged service and food stations.
e Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume work shifts and fast-paced operations.