PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

INTERESTS ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am an organized teaching professional with more than 20 years of instruction. My goal is to obtain a
teaching or assistant principal position with Prince William County School District and assist in creating a
positive school climate. | am a trusted professional educator; bilingual (Spanish), have a desire to lead and be
mentored by a leader, have excellent communication skills with staff, students, and parents; a natural leader:
and am ready to assist the school principal in providing a successful and student-oriented environment.

e Strong in Data-Driven Instruction e Self-motivated
e DIBELS knowledge e Expertise in Personalized Learning
e« Strong written and verbal communicator e« Blended Learning Instructor
e Bilingual (English/Spanish) e« Purposeful lesson planning
e Instructional best practices e ESL- English as Second Language
e Standardized testing scoring e Experience with special-needs students
« Promethean Board knowledge e Experience with instructional design
« RTI familiarity « Strong collaborator
« Technological instruction e Diverse classroom setting
PERSONALIZED LEARNING TEACHER 07/1995 to CURRENT

Metropolitan Education District | San Jose, CA

e Lead Teacher/Administrator: Administrated a school on the army base (8/2011-5/2013)- attended
school spec ed IEP, 504 and Gifted meetings, maintained and allocated the school budget, supervised
and evaluated (using Marzano's iObservation ) custodian, secretary, support staff and teachers.
analyzed all-school student data through DIBELS, Galileo and state testing, planned professional
development and instruction accordingly, and taught a 2/3 grade combo class while being the school
administrator.

e Instructed students via Personalized Learning/Blended learning with students’ 1:1 iPads, laptops and
Promethean Board.

e On the Personalized Learning team, and trained teachers district-wide on how to do Personalized/
Blended Learning in the classroom.

e My classroom was used as a station rotation model classroom for the whole district, in which teachers,
trainers, and administrators came often to observe me teaching personalized learning.

ELOMENTARY TEACHER & SCHOOL COORDINATOR 07/2008 to 04/2011
Desert View Academy/Carpe Diem | City, STATE

e Used Blended Learning to achieve higher learning (School featured in "Blended"book)

e Improved student's analytical skills by introducing state-of-the-art computer program technologies.

e Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of
instructional techniques and technologies.

e Trained and monitored teachers from Grades 4-6.

EN SLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE TEACHER 07/2011 to 04/2013
Arizona Western College | City, STATE

e Designed programs emphasizing vocabulary, pronunciation and reading comprehension.
e Developed and taught a curriculum to improve students' conversational abilities.
e Educated ELL adult students in the basics of English grammar and conversational speaking.

« Administration - 08/2011 - 05/2013
Managed a public school that resulted in pushing the school grade from a D to an A, and maintained it
until | left to boost scores at another school.

e« Improved student test scores on state math and reading test a one year period by implementing
personalized learning curriculum and data-driven instruction.

« Curriculum Development
Tailored educational curriculum to students with range of learning styles, disabilities, strengths, and
weaknesses. Developed innovative lesson plans by blending technology with the curriculum and
practical application exercises for classroom.

« Distinguished Recognition

e Received the Yuma County Teacher of the Year Award in 2001; a distinguished award given to one
teacher out of all of the school districts in Yuma.

e Certification for School Principal in Virginia and Arizona
e« Teacher license for the states of Virginia and Arizona

e ELL certification

e CPR, First Aid and AED certified

e Professional Yuma Co. Education Foundation, Board Secretary, 2001 - present

¢ Board of Adjustment-appointment by City Mayor

« Elected President of Yuma Firefighters Women's Auxiliary

« Graduated Magna Cum Laude at NAU for Masters degree Graduated Cum Laude at NAU for Bachelors
degree Appointed by NAU Dean of to deliver graduation ceremonial speech

« Yuma Police Department Outstanding Volunteer in Policing