JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Skilled Language Arts Teacher knowledgeable about building strong verbal and written communication skills in students. Familiar with
curriculum selection, lesson planning and classroom management. Successful at building positive teacher-parent relationships to support

student success. Desiring to contribute 22 years of experience to long-term position.

SKILLS
¢ Google Drive e Team Teaching
e Virtual Classrooms © Individualized Learning Plans
e Grading and Scoring e Class Instruction
¢ Web-based assessment ® Quality Education
¢ Group and Individual Instruction e Learning Management Systems
¢ Grammar Instruction e District Standards
¢ Online or Virtual Instruction e Positive Learning Environment
e Parent Communication e Team Teaching and Collaboration
« Instructional Materials Creation e Educational Strategies
« Literary Analysis e MAP Testing and Data
« Time Management * Co-Teaching and Co-Planning
¢ Student Motivation and Engagement e Effective Written and Verbal Communication
« Classroom Management e Apple Final Cut Pro
e Learning Modalities ® Video Conferencing
¢ Verbal and Written Communication e Instructional Strategies
« Online Teaching * Remote Assistance
e Language Arts Core Curriculum © Staff Meetings
e Class Preparation e Classroom Integration
e Professional Development e Differentiated Instruction
e Use of Classroom Technology e Smart Board Technology
e Teacher Collaboration
Work History

08/2007 to Current Middle School English and Language Arts Teacher
The Equity Project (Tep) Charter School — New York, NY

e Lead a team of teachers and administrators in the problem-solving process to find innovative and alternative
academic approaches for students with limited and/or exceptional abilities

© Media Club Sponsor

¢ Mentored students in the development of the only online newspaper at the middle school level in the district

¢ Webmaster

e Worked with building and district staff to update and maintain the building website

¢ Coached staff on how to update and maintain personal classroom web pages within the school site

e Volleyball Coach

e Managed and coordinated drills for team practices

e Created game line-ups and mentored students to be strong student athletes.

e Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.

¢ Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.

e Planned dynamic lessons to increase student comprehension of books and literary concepts.

e Administered assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.

e Prepared comprehensive English curriculum for multiple classes.

¢ Worked with other teachers to support struggling students and provide thorough help to rectify comprehension
issues.

© Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.

© Helped students develop important learning skills and good study habits useful in trade school or college education.

e Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.

¢ Worked with administrators on behavioral issues to support needs of students.

e Explored and implemented innovative use of technology in language education.

¢ Consulted with teachers in other disciplines to identify and adopt successful instructional strategies.

¢ Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.

e Built learning and citizenship skills to help with personal growth in addition to increasing academic knowledge.

e Established appropriate deadlines and provided complete instructions for reading assignment and homework.

e Served as languages department member and attended meetings to develop and update course curricula.

¢ Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing practice.

e Evaluated academic skills of each student through verbal assessments, graded assignments and standardized tests.

¢ Instructed classes of up to 32 students on principles and strategies of English Language Arts.

e Integrated technology into classroom as instructional tool, such as Smartboard.

08/2002 to 05/2007 Elementary Teacher

Grand Rapids Public Schools — Grand Rapids, MI

e ist, 4th, Sth-grade teacher

e Successfully developed and implemented grade-level curriculum for students across content areas

¢ Prepared materials for lessons, assignments and assessments and evaluated, corrected and graded student
performance to identify gaps in skills or knowledge and set realistic goals.

¢ Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss instructional
strategies.

e Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

¢ Graded and evaluated student assignments, papers and course work.

e Successfully developed and implemented grade-level curriculum for students across content areas

e Acquired fifteen eMAC desktop computers to create a two-to-one environment for students

e Established a network connection for the computers as well as computer sharing to allow students to collaborate
with each other on technology-based assignments.

08/2001 to 05/2002 Elementary Teacher

Grand Rapids Public Schools — Grand Rapids, MI

e Successfully developed and implemented grade-level curriculum for students across content areas.

e Implemented classroom management improvements to enhance class morale and engagement.

¢ Taught students subject-specific material, learning strategies and social skills.

e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized examinations.

EpucaTIon
Baker University
9 credit hours, Technology integration applications for the educational setting

Robotics II, Advanced Robotics
Wichita State University

Kansas State University
9 credit hours ESOL instructional methods

Idaho State University
48 credit hours Teaching methods through a pandemic

2005 M.A. Ed: Curriculum and Instruction
University of St. Mary - Leavenworth, Kansas

2000 B.S. Ed: Elementary Education K
Washburn University - Topeka, Kansas
CERTIFICATIONS

Kansas Teaching License, grades K-9 Missouri Teaching License, grades 1-6