JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DETERMINED, optimistic, accomplished educator dedicated to improving educational experiences of students and co-workers through team
leadership, innovation, proactive approaches and positive relationship building. Experience spans 20 years successful teaching in the
classroom environment and 4 years management in the service industry that demonstrate a dedication to accomplishing objectives through
training that motivates, builds teamwork and meets high standards. Committed to driving change, adaptability, reliability and the ability to

self-assess.

SKILLS

e Organizational leadership e Discipline management (PBIS)
¢ Team building e Team collaboration

* Co-Teaching Strategies e Performance evaluations

e RESA and Student Intern Mentor e Parent Advisory

e Effective Communications e Articulate

Work History

08/2011 to Current

10/2010 to 07/2011

08/2008 to 05/2010

01/1999 to 05/2005

EDUCATION

2013

2008

1991

CERTIFICATIONS

Grade 9 Teacher: History and English Language Arts
Trimble Local Schools — City, STATE

¢ Create engaging lesson plans, fostered culture of discovery and provide well-organized classroom structure to help
students succeed in program

© Select and requisition appropriate books and instructional aids to complement lesson plans

¢ Help students develop important learning skills and good study habits useful in trade school or college education

© Member of Building and District Leadership Teams. Plan and develop solutions to ensure quality of education for
students

e Cooperating Teacher with Ohio University supervisors. Prepare and evaluate professional interns and student
observers

e RESA Teacher Mentor. Guide new teachers with school curriculum, procedures, and classroom management best
practices. Prepare Year 1 and Year 2 Resident Educators for successful completion of RESA program

e Facilitator for Parent Advisory Council. Plan, organize, and facilitate events to enhance parent and community
involvement in positive development of high school students

¢ Co-Advisor of Senior class. Collaborate with co-worker and members of senior class to plan senior trip and
graduation ceremony. Budget and allocate funds. Fundraising if needed

e Student Learning Objective Committee, TLTA representative. Ensure quality OTES, SLO and SGM
implementation

¢ Positive Behavior System Planner. Planned, implemented, and evaluated positive behavior system. Collected
behavior data to develop format appropriate for high school using board adopted system

Grade 6 Teacher: Science, Math, Language Arts
Trimble Local Schools — City, STATE
e Kept classroom environments consistent and focused on learning by establishing and enforcing clear objectives
© Collaborated with other sixth grade teachers to ensure effective teaching and quality learning
e Established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls, emails and Parent Advisory Council
e Diversified teaching techniques and learning tools help students with differing ability levels and varied learning
modalities
e Professional development designed to practice and implement various co-teaching strategies

Grade 3 Teacher: Self-contained
Trimble Local Schools — City, STATE
¢ Promoted exploration of building blocks of learning by leading diverse, hands-on activities
e Drove student learning by establishing clear classroom plans and group objectives, as well as actionable strategies
to achieve each goal
e Established and enforced rules of behavior to drive social development and maintain positive interactions
e Designed daily lesson plans customized to student needs
¢ Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process
© Collaborated with administrators on classroom policies, management strategies, and discipline
e Reading collaboration with middle school English and second grade classes to integrate readers’ theater
e Member of Building Leadership Team. Created five-year building plan; validated plan strategies by interpreting
collected testing data: reinforced use of differentiation in classroom

Grades 3-5 Teacher: Self-contained
Grace Academy — City, STATE
e Enhanced student learning by optimizing wide range of instructional approaches and innovative classroom
activities
e Cooperating Teacher with Ohio University supervisor. Prepared and evaluated professional interns
e New Teacher Mentor. Guided new teachers with school curriculum, procedures, and classroom management
¢ Curriculum Development Team. Developed standard based supplements for whole school curriculum

Master of Science: Educational Administration
Ohio University - Athens, OH

Bachelor of Science: Middle Childhood Education
Ohio University - Athens, OH

Bachelor of Arts: Elementary Education
West Virginia Wesleyan College - Buckhannon, WV

¢ Principal: PK-6, 4-9, 7-12, Ohio

* Middle Childhood Professional: 4-9 English and Social Studies, Ohio
¢ Early Childhood Professional: PK-3; 4-5 Endorsement, Ohio

¢ Elementary Education Provisional: K-6, Pennsylvania