JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Skilled Language Arts Teacher knowledgeable about building strong verbal and written communication skills in all students. Familiar with
curriculum selection, lesson planning and classroom management. Also, highly effective at working with administrators to develop strong
curriculum with horizontal and vertically alignments. Highly organized and determined to do the best job for employer.

SKILLS

¢ Textbook Writing in Ck-12.org

* Textbook Adoption for Middle School ELA 2019-2020

e Leader in yearly professional development activities

e System leader in vertical/horizontal alignment of the ELA
curriculum 2018-2020 and in-service training with teachers

Professional Training from the State of Tennessee in Common

¢ Tullahoma City Schools Google Symposium Presenter

¢ Tullahoma City Schools Video Promotion of Google software in
the ELA classroom

¢ Presenter for use of Chromebooks in ELA classrooms

e Worked with Intern Program with the University of Tennessee at
Knoxville to help train graduates in the U.T. Teacher Program

Core State Standards ¢ Multiple workshops: Kagen, Ron Clark, TRIAD Training,
¢ Conducted in-service training for teachers on use of textbooks in Batelle, CCSS, etc...
CK-12.org e Highly organized

¢ Mentored student teachers and newly hired teachers

e Thorough planner

e¢ TCAP Item Review for Reading/Language Arts with the
Tennessee Department of Education, Passage Review meetings
with the Tennessee Department of Education and Pearson,
Standard setting Meetings with Tennessee Department of
Education and Pearson, and Multiple Standards Awareness
Workshops with the Tennessee Department of Education

Work History

07/1997 to Current English and Sc/Middle School English and Language Arts Teacher

Tullahoma City Schools — City, STATE

08/1993 to 06/1997

e Evaluated academic skills of each student through verbal assessments, graded assignments and standardized tests.
e Instructed classes of up to 80 students on principles and strategies of English/Language Arts.

e Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.

© Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.

¢ Taught age-appropriate writing techniques, grammar rules and language skills.

e Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.

¢ Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing practice.

e Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.

¢ Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.

e Sponsor Yearbook Club and Dance Club

English/Language Arts and Science Teacher 6-8
Maryville City Schools — City, STATE

© Developed overall yearly curriculum for teaching English-language learners based on school and national
requirements.

© Developed a multi-age hands-on science curriculum.

¢ Developed a multi-age hands-on elementary program for grades 3-5.

¢ Delivered instruction in language arts encompassing reading, grammar, composition and literature, working with
teachers in other subjects to integrate skills across curriculum.

¢ Monitored comprehension of material among students and created re-teaching strategies to cover gaps in learning
indicated by test scores and quizzes.

e Planned lessons for classroom of eighty students.

e Teamed with other faculty members and parents to outline IEPs for gifted, talented and special education students,
addressing diverse teaching approaches for special learning requirements.

¢ Created language arts lesson plans for eighty students to meet learning needs, adhere to curriculum standards and
build interest in learning.

¢ Communicated with parents in person, by email and phone to apprise of student progress, challenges and behavior
issues.

08/1987 to 06/1993 Science and Reading Teacher Grades 6-8

Marshall County Schools — City, STATE

¢ Promoted love of reading and literacy to all students.

e Created positive and engaging environment in classroom that encouraged literacy skills.

¢ Created a love of science through all classes and science club.

e Created a science-language arts program that led to a student-created newsletter.

e Affirmatively communicated and promoted positive attitude with each and every student.

¢ Collaborated with administrators on classroom policies, management strategies and discipline.

e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized examinations.

e Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process.

¢ Helped students develop self-esteem and life skills.

e Chaperoned field trips to maintain safety and encourage learning.

¢ Led the Space Week County-wide initiative.

¢ Sponsor of the Science Club.

e Cheerleader sponsor for five years. Developed a program with a competition squad that competed throughout the
state of Tennessee and beyond.

© Developed a Family Life Education Program that was adopted throughout the school district.

EpucaTIon
12/2012 Master of Science: Curriculum And Instruction
Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN
08/1986 Bachelor of Science: Elementary Education
Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN
05/1984 Associate of Science: Pre Elementary Education

Columbia State Community College - Columbia, TN