Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Energetic English teacher genuinely interested in and respectful of young people. Passionate about English subject and committed to
maintaining up-to-date knowledge in field. Trained in unique needs of high school learners. Excellent parental communication

techniques for high school environment.

Skills
¢ Literacy skills e Grading proficiency
e IEP familiarity * Recordkeeping skills
¢ Problem-solving skills e Verbal and written communication
¢ Lesson Planning e Response-to-intervention understanding
e Organizational ability ¢ Quality education
¢ Lesson plan implementation e Autism spectrum awareness
¢ Time management * School district guidelines comprehension
¢ Individualized instruction e Learning assessments

e Student assessments

Work History

English/Language Arts Teacher, 08/2012 to Current
Council Bluffs Community School District - Council Bluffs, IA
e Evaluated academic skills of each student through verbal assessments, graded assignments and standardized tests.
¢ Administered assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.
¢ Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.
e Instructed classes of up to 30 students on principles and strategies of English/Language Arts.
¢ Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.
¢ Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.
¢ Helped students develop academic, social and emotional skills for long-term success.
¢ Worked with administrators on behavioral issues to support needs of students.
e Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.
e Taught age-appropriate spelling techniques, grammar rules and language skills.
¢ Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.
¢ Kept classroom organized, clean and safe for students and visitors.
¢ Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing practice.
¢ Encouraged independent thought, good judgment and expression of original ideas.
e Supported student skill development in alignment with personal and academic goals.
e Instructed classes of up to 30 students on principles and strategies of English/Language Arts.
¢ Provided one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

¢ Utilized group and hands-on learning experiences for proficient teacher evaluation score.

English/Language Arts Teacher, 10/2011 to 06/2012
Council Bluffs Community School District - Council Bluffs, [A
e Evaluated academic skills of each student through verbal assessments, graded assignments and standardized tests.
e Administered assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.
¢ Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.
¢ Instructed classes of up to 25 students on principles and strategies of English/Language Arts.
¢ Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.
¢ Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.
e Helped students develop academic, social and emotional skills for long-term success.
¢ Worked with administrators on behavioral issues to support needs of students.
¢ Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.
¢ Taught age-appropriate spelling techniques, grammar rules and language skills.
¢ Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.
¢ Supported student skill development in alignment with personal and academic goals.
¢ Kept classroom organized, clean and safe for students and visitors.
¢ Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing practice.
¢ Encouraged independent thought, good judgment and expression of original ideas.
¢ Provided one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

¢ Utilized group and hands-on learning experiences for proficient teacher evaluation score.

Medical Assistant, 05/2005 to 07/2007
Children's Mercy Hospital — Wichita, KS
¢ Directed patients to exam rooms, fielded questions and prepared for physician examinations.
e Assisted with routine checks and diagnostic testing by collecting and processing specimens.
e Ordered and prepared reagents and supplies.
¢ Completed clinical procedures and gathered patient data for interpretation by physician.
¢ Documented vital signs and health history for patients in clinic and hospital environments.
¢ Prepared patients for X-rays, electrocardiograms, suture removal and dressing changes.
¢ Performed clerical duties, such as word processing, data entry, answering phones and filing.
¢ Collected and documented patient medical information such as blood pressure and weight.
¢ Prepared initial patient charts for admission.
¢ Collaborated with medical and administrative personnel to maintain patient-focused, engaging and compassionate environment.
¢ Obtained client medical history, medication information, symptoms and allergies.
¢ Tested and recorded blood glucose levels.
e Sanitized, restocked and organized exam rooms and medical equipment.
¢ Kept medical supplies in sufficient stock by monitoring levels and submitting replenishment orders before depleted.
¢ Taught patients about medications, procedures and care plan instructions.
¢ Called and faxed pharmacies to submit prescriptions and refills.
¢ Promoted office efficiency, coordinating charts, completing insurance forms and helping patients with diverse needs.

Education

Bachelor of Arts: Secondary English Education With ESOL Endorsement, 12/2010
FAU - Boca Raton, FL

Associate of Arts: Medical Assisting, 06/2005
City College - Fort Lauderdale - Fort Lauderdale, FL