JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

An individual bringing four years in commercial and residential cleaning. Adept at efficiently completing tasks in independent or team-based
fashions to achieve and maintain high client satisfaction. Proficient in maintaining bathrooms and kitchens. Team-driven with strong customer
satisfaction focus. An attentive, motivated, hardworking and meticulous member of the workforce with proven leadership and teaching skills.
Familiar with proper use of all cleaning materials and hazardous chemicals. Possesses skills in professionalism, Cosmetology, articulation,
design, literacy, and public speaking. Very passionate about visual arts and equipped to help students explore multiple disciplines. Effective at
teaching to standards and promoting learning at all levels. Solid background leading successful classes and art lab experiences. Collaborative

Visual Art Teacher with

proven skills in teaching others to develop artistic talents. Natural mentor and motivator bringing patience and

knowledge useful to elderly students. Dedicated to continuous professional development and comprehensive student support.

SKILLS

¢ Residential cleaning e Lash and eyebrow maintenance

« Vacuuming

e Waxing service provider

* Conscientious e Hair styling

e Hazardous chemical training ¢ Product expertise

¢ Ceiling fans e Manicures and pedicures

e Cleaning techniques e Facials and makeup applications
« Window cleaning ¢ Outstanding client retention

¢ Cleaning bathrooms e Inventory Control

¢ Confidentiality e Customer consultation

* Mopping and sweeping * Scalp treatments

« Dusting furniture

« Customer retention
« Team building

e Time management
e MS Office

e Safety processes and procedures
© Product restocking

¢ Shelving of products

e Cleaning procedures

e Customer relationships

¢ Relationship building and management

Work History

03/2019 to Current Visual Arts Teacher
The Archer School For Girls — Los Angeles, CA

e Adapted curricula to meet current standards and promote skills in all students.
e Worked with struggling students to offer additional help with classroom and hands-on learning.

06/2017 to Current Housekeeping Aide
Hyatt — Avon, CO

¢ Disposed of trash and recyclables each shift to avoid waste buildup.

e Slid beds, sofas and table-top furniture aside to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from hard-to-reach
areas.

e Cleaned bathrooms and kitchens with sanitizing products to prevent spread of germs and reduce likelihood of
illness.

e Established and maintained clean and comfortable environments in condos and houses by vacuuming, cleaning
windows and dusting.

¢ Kept building entryway glass clean and polished for professional presentation.

¢ Restocked room supplies such as facial tissues for personal touch with every job.

e Removed bed sheets and towels from rooms and pre-treated stains to maintain and restore linen condition.

¢ Worked on team of two staff members to service 8-20 living, dining, and bathrooms daily.

e Offered deep cleaning expertise to clients in need of extra support for carpeted areas.

* Operated power equipment tools such as corded vacuums for up to three hours per shift.

e Cleaned three locations every month with consistently high customer satisfaction ratings.

e Serviced bathrooms, including cleaning, sanitizing and supply replenishment.

10/2018 to 01/2019 Shelf Stocker
Novo Building Products — Howell, NJ

© Unloaded arriving product stock and moved to store display areas.

¢ Checked and pulled defective or expired products from shelves.

e Created balanced pallets to support efficient and safe sales floor replenishment.

¢ Regularly assessed sales floor stock levels to replenish with merchandise before depletion.

e Stocked merchandise each week, clearly labeling items, arranging according to size or color and preparing
attractive displays.

e Accepted delivered packages, verified products and checked delivery totals to keep system records current and
accurate.

¢ Collaborated with sales team members to stay current on inventory levels, complete accurate orders and resolve
item issues.

¢ Completed physical inventory counts each week.

e Assessed shelves in wholesale department to determine which items to replenish or reorder.

EpucaTIon
06/2020 High School Diploma
Central Davidson High School - Lexington, NC
© Member of National Art Honors Society
© Member of Writing Club
¢ Member of Photography Club
05/2021 Cosmetology
Davidson County Community College - Thomasville, NC
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.
¢ Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

AFFILIATIONS

© Member, Bobbi's School of Dance, 2018 to Current

CERTIFICATIONS

e First Aid/CPR Certified