JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

June 2012 solid skills to create, develop and implement comprehensive long and short term strategic communications plans. Solid knowledge
and skills to advise and consult with management to ensure delivery of the desired message to the target and / or broad general audiences.
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with diverse groups of internal and external constituencies. Strong
analytical and critical thinking skills with the ability to recognize issues and provide solutions. Strong skills to ensure production of high
quality work within budget and time constraints. respond to requests, help out with the needs of the team skills Technical, analytical, creative
with a bit of project management thrown in. monitoring, managing. updating and being inspired by the clients and other sources. to succeed
and excel Strategy planning understand the big picture How search, content and social media all works together. You will need to outline
goals, define your target audience and know what platforms will help you scale your efforts. Tactics and execution

SKILLS

¢ Microsoft Office Suite

« Google Suite

« PROFICIENCY

¢ Creation Platforms/Programs: CANVA, Adobe PhotoShop

¢ Web and Email Management Programs: WordPress, Constant
Contact and MailChimp

¢ Social Media Platforms: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube
and Snapchat

* Social Media Scheduling Platform: HootSuite

e Administrative support, Written

e Adobe PhotoShop

© CA

« Content

¢ Clients

¢ Client

¢ Designing

e Email

* Special events

¢ Fast

¢ General office

e Law

¢ Local government

e Director

e Managing

e Marketing

¢ Media relations

* Microsoft Office Suite

© Spanish

© Staffing

° Strategy

e Theatre

e Video

© Website

e Web site content

© Project Management

e Event Planning

* Strategy Development

e Audience Targeting

¢ Social media

e Branding

* Client contact

e Customer demographics understanding
e Graphic design proficiency

e Background in [Type] marketing

e« Campaign development experience
e Marketing strategy

e Online marketing and advertising

e Brand development and awareness
e Content generation and asset management
e Project management

* Content strategy

e Traditional and online marketing

e Administrative assistance

e Business correspondence

« Networking e Database administration
« Organizing e Meeting support
e Press e Trend analysis
* Producing e Marketing and advertising
e Researching e Project coordination
e Sales e Promotions planning skills
* Scheduling
¢ Self-starter
¢ Shipping

EXPERIENCE

12/2019 to Current Arts & Events Rec Leader II

Troon Golf, L.L.C. — Pleasanton, CA

e Responsible for managing the marketing for The MAIN. a theater in Newhall, CA.

e The theatre is owned and operated by the City of Santa Clarita.

e Responsible for producing a variety of communication pieces across platforms and mediums including written,
visual and electronic communications.

¢ Overseeing projects spanning social media, web, video and print.

e Designing and executing social media strategy across 3,200+ followers on Facebook and Instagram.

e Through regular engagement with followers and audience increased social media lead generation by % this year
generating $ in revenue Effectively coordinating efforts among communications staff, ensuring that content is
optimized and leveraged across a variety of disciplines.

09/2014 to 05/2018 Online Relations Manager
Hebrew Senior Life — Brighton, MA
e Managed department wine sales, digital marketing and winery website.
e Key contact for direct-to-consumer wine inquiries, sales and promotions.
¢ Oversaw 25+ yearly offsite events, staffing and training for festivals.
e Set annual sales, project goals and strategies to meet those goals.
e Responsible for creating a vibrant social media presence for the BARGETTO, CHAUCER’S and LA VITA brands.
e Work with the Director of Sales and Marketing to develop promotions to meet department sales goals.
¢ Responsible for researching Direct Shipping laws and maintaining federal, state and local government alcohol sales
compliancy in each state.

12/2012 to 06/2014 Hospitality Manager
DE TIERRA VINEYARDS — City, STATE

Managed the daily operation of the tasting room, as part of a small boutique vineyard and winery that sells all of
the Estate wines direct-to-consumer.

e Responsible for overseeing five Wine Clubs and organizing quarterly releases.

e Worked closely with the Sales and Marketing Director to establish sales and wine club growth.

e Engaged with wine club members and the general public daily.

¢ Oversaw Tasting Room activities, such as Wine Club special events.

e Social Media Platforms: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and Snapchat Social Media Scheduling Platform:
HootSuite Helped in building brand awareness and developed knowledge to enhance sales, service and visitor

experience.
e Perform community outreach; fostering local partnerships and referrals.

09/2003 to 06/2008 Receptionist & Office Assistant
LEVINSON ARSHONSKY & KURTZ, LLP — City, STATE
e Hospitality / Management / Brand building, Warmly welcomed and greeted guests from the front desk.
e The first point of contact for outside visitors, vendors and clients.
e Responsible for client facing duties as well as general office management tasks.
e Offered administrative support across the law firm.
e Maintained a high-level of professionalism and confidentiality.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: Sociology
University of CA - Santa Cruz

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Community Management creating, observing and responding to conversations within your brand community.

¢ Knowing how to respond to trolls and negative feedback.

¢ It’s part PR and part commonsense.

¢ Understand how content works on a social web Social media delivers and amplifies content, both from the brand and its community.

¢ Optimizing content and technology ecosystem of search, mobile and content.

e Guide a customer down a sales funnel from discovery, engagement, following and finally sales requires some particular skill sets.

¢ Using tools like InVideo, Canva etc.

¢ To quickly create professional-level videos and images.

¢ Converting traffic when they hit your landing pages so customers register for webinars, download ebooks and share your content on
Facebook.

¢ Creative mindset Writing skills.

© The art and science of headline writing.

e Writing engaging introductions.

¢ Structuring your text for easy reading online.

¢ People will be skimming and scanning, so that means subtitles, bullet points and numbering are part of the skillset Be on top of the latest
digital marketing trends.

e The rise and role of mobile.

e The emergence of “pay to play” with Facebook reducing it’s organic reach.

e The rise and rise of visual marketing as Instagram and a Twitter that is looking much more like a visual image feed punctuated with 140
character tweets.

e Analytical skills measure the impact of your campaigns and marketing initiatives on social media key performance metrics including
reach, engagement, response rate, conversation rate, community growth, and more Leadership and communication skills.