JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Motivated Middle School Teacher with experience teaching required curriculum using engaging teaching methods. Driven to share insightful
lessons on grammar, reading, speaking, writing processes and other key areas. Enthusiastic about helping students develop and achieve full

potential. Specializing in the use of Google Workspace in classroom environments.

SKILLS
e Technical Troubleshooting e Fluent in Spanish
e Organizational skills ¢ Courteous demeanor
© Work ethic © Problem-solving abilities
e Teaching, tutoring and counseling e Adaptive team player
e Flexible and adaptive
EXPERIENCE

English Language Arts Teacher, 07/2017 - Current
Albany Charter School Network — Brooklyn, NM
¢ Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening, speaking, reading and writing
activities.
e Maintained current, accurate records of course enrollment, attendance and student academic progress.
« Maintained positive classroom environments by reinforcing rules for behavior and relationship-building actions.
e Instructed students individually and in groups using varied teaching methods.
* Created collaborative environment in classroom where students worked together to support everyone's learning.
e Maintained positive classroom culture through behavior management techniques.
e Embraced teaching children of diverse educational, cultural and linguistic backgrounds.
« Improved student engagement by implementing student-centered classroom management techniques to foster academic curiosity.
¢ Prepared, administered and graded daily work and tests to evaluate student's progress.
¢ Employed online learning management systems and other diverse instructional resources to offer students remote assistance with
assignments.
e Integrated technology resources to assist with achieving program goals.

Assistant 8th Grade Volleyball Coach, 09/2014 - 09/2017
Super Soccer Stars & Amazing Athletes — Louisville, KY
¢ Mentored and encouraged youth to develop strong work ethic by being positive role model and practicing skills regularly.
* Checked equipment and monitored common areas to maintain proper upkeep while remaining vigilant on safety.
* Oversaw rigorous practice sessions to enhance individual skills and team gameplay.
e Applied evaluation techniques and personal knowledge to assess abilities to assign players to correct positions on team.
e Built and maintained productive relationships with parents, school staff members and community for maximum unity and student
fulfillment.
¢ Presented professional appearance to produce tangible, positive impact.

Coach, 01/2014 - 05/2014
Horry County Schools — Conway, SC
¢ Mentored and encouraged youth to develop strong work ethic by being positive role model and practicing skills regularly.
e Checked equipment and monitored common areas to maintain proper upkeep while remaining vigilant on safety.
e Oversaw rigorous practice sessions to enhance individual skills and team gameplay.
e Applied evaluation techniques and personal knowledge to assess abilities to assign players to correct positions on team.
¢ Built and maintained productive relationships with parents, school staff members and community for maximum unity and student
fulfillment.
e Presented professional appearance to produce tangible, positive impact.

Special Education Paraprofessional, 02/2013 - 12/2016
SD 129 — City, STATE
e Supported students with personalized accommodations, extra assistance and educational assessments.
¢ Worked in tandem with teacher to develop customized classroom environment conducive to students' needs.
¢ Instructed students with varying abilities and needs in alignment with IEP objectives while delivering personalized and small group
lessons.
e Engaged and supported students with differing learning styles and cultural backgrounds.
* Fostered positive relationships with students, parents and personnel to facilitate program growth and ensure positive learning outcomes.
e Handled clerical duties, managed classrooms and coordinated documents for teachers.
« Communicated with parents to report on academic and behavioral performance and deliver suggestions to implement at home to reinforce
positive habits developed at school.
e Attended meetings and parent-teacher conferences to provide two-way translations of Spanish to English.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Master of Education: Educational Technology, 11/2020
American College of Education - Indianapolis, IN

Bachelor of Science: Education, Elementary Ed, 05/2017
Illinois State University - Normal, IL

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, Spanish, 12/2010
Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL

LANGUAGES

Spanish: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: