JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Creative fashion professional with experience showcasing a variety of fashion looks for garment designers, buyers, sales personnel and
customers, as well as an established wardrobe stylist with polished skills in all aspects of photo and editorial shoots including outfitting, hair

and make-up, model selection and accessorizing.

SKILLS
e Fashion styling © Self Starter
e Trend forecasting © Project Managing
e Sewing e Editing
¢ Digital illustration © Creative Writing with tone
¢ Excellent collaborator e Travel Booking
e Visual composition e PR and Marketing Strategies
e Mac OSX platform e Scheduling
® Proficient in PC platforms e Customer Service
e Excellent time management e Budgets
e Proficient in Adobe Illustrator e Written and Verbal Communication
¢ CS application ® Social Media Platforms
* Patternmaking e Blogging
e Exceptional organizational skills e Photography
* Quickbooks e Design
e Proficient with Microsoft Suites e Administration
* Proficient with Adobe Suites e Assisting
e Mulitasking
°
Work History

Arts Administration, 09/2008 - 03/2010
Floor & Decor — Mesa, AZ
¢ Created standard operating procedures.
¢ Collaborated with the artists to implement each resident's artistic vision.
e Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.
¢ Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.
* Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.
¢ Coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation.
e Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
e Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
* Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.
e Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.
e Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
e Assisted with event planning. including associated travel and logistical arrangements.
¢ Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.

Showroom Assistant , 04/2010 - 02/2012
Cambria — Mankato, MN
* Counted cash drawers and made bank deposits.
¢ Reordered inventory when it dropped below predetermined levels.
e Examined merchandise to verify that it was correctly priced and displayed.
e Planned budgets and authorized payments and merchandise returns.
* Organized private mailbox system using mailbox manager software.
e Answered incoming phone calls and emails as needed in a timely manner.
e Assisted stylists with clothing pulls and returns.
* Created store spreadsheets and databases for designers based on each labels needs.
e Steamed and ironed fashion items in preparation for professional photo shoots.
e Targeted both offline and online consumers by designing a multi-pronged and comprehensive marketing strategy.
e Wrote off-site SEO content such as press releases, guest blog posts and informational articles.
e Attended 2 trade shows each year to preserve company relations with distributors, customers and media personnel.
¢ Consulted with advertising agencies to arrange promotional campaigns in all types of media.
¢ Developed innovative marketing and PR strategies.
e Raised brand awareness through consistent marketing efforts and product campaign launches.

Showroom Manager, 04/2012 - 08/2013
Lemaitre Vascular Inc — Denver, CO
e Wrote press materials and made presentations to media representatives.
¢ Conducted market analysis and monitored competitive activity.
¢ Designed and implemented strategic business plan objectives.
e Attended 2 trade shows each year to preserve company relations with distributors, customers and media personnel.
* Consulted with advertising agencies to arrange promotional campaigns in all types of media.
e Wrote and edited articles, web content, advertising copy, periodicals and publications for internal and external audiences.
e Represented the organization to customers, the public, and other external sources.
¢ Collaborated with external PR firms, as well as internal sales and marketing managers, to determine branding, product positioning and
media messages.
¢ Developed innovative marketing and PR strategies.
e Created messages, position statements and other corporate communications based on company’s objectives.
e Raised brand awareness through consistent marketing efforts and product campaign launches.
¢ Leveraged technical resources to design and create campaign deliverables, including e-mail invitations, articles and marketing videos.
« Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
* Visited clients on-site to give benefit-oriented sales presentations.
* Prepared sales contracts.
* Responded to all customer inquiries thoroughly and professionally.
e Assessed current trends to assist with decision making.

* Created standard operating procedures.

Assistant Creative Director, 03/2012 - 11/2013
Nfl — Ny, NY
e Designing and assisting design of on-trend apparel for each seasonal collection based on customer demographics.
e Created look books for each season.
* Created line sheets, and catalog layouts for each upcoming collection.
* Created effective messaging using language, graphics and marketing collateral.
e Directed a successful search engine marketing campaign that utilized solid linking, technical and keyword research tactics.
* Collaborated with other designers and the editorial team on marketing materials.
¢ Developed and executed marketing programs and general business solutions resulting in increased company exposure, customer traffic, and
sales.
e Edited, toned, captioned and uploaded photographs for news publications.
¢ Photographed high-quality images for both print and Internet distribution.
¢ Selected and altered secondary photographic features such as backdrops and lighting.
e Maintained productive professional relationships with models and modeling agencies.
e Planned and prepared for all on-location and studio shoots.
¢ Met with the fashion director to discuss the required poses, movements and persona to be portrayed.
¢ Led the aesthetic creation of new fashion products.
¢ Clearly communicated design revisions to all members of the fashion team.
¢ Rehearsed cat walks and special choreography in preparation for fashion exhibits.
e Handeld daily operations of all social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Wordpress, Tumblr, and Snapchat.
e Maintained the company's Shopify account and website.
e Answered inquiries from clients, and other departments in a timely manner.
* Scheduled meetings and promotional events for brand awareness.
« Maintained and gamered additional blogger outreach.

Assistant to CEO, 2014 - 2015
Flaunt Magazine — City, STATE
e Maintained appropriate filing of personal and professional documentation.
e Screened personal and business calls and directed them to the appropriate party.
¢ Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events.
* Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.
e Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.
* Coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation.
e Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
e Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.
e Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
© Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.
* Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.
¢ Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.
e Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
¢ Drafted biweekly time sheets for about 10 executives and employees.
e Maintained productive professional relationships with models and modeling agencies.
e Planned and prepared for all on-location and studio shoots.
e Archived photographs on computers and servers.
e Wrote, edited and produced stories for multiple platforms, including Intemet and digital channels.
e Evaluated and followed up on news leads and news tips to develop story ideas.
e Organized material, determined area of emphasis. and wrote stories according to prescribed editorial style and format standards.
e Project Managing.
* Overseeing local photo shoots.

Wardrobe Stylist, 11/2014 - Current
Freelance — City, STATE
¢ Worked with numerous entities including: The Hollywood Reporter, ESPN, Interview Magazine, Made2Measure, Vevo, Vulkan Magazine.
Flaunt Magazine, and GQ.
e Styled numerous talents including: Beck, Miley Cyrus, Norman Reedus, Elizabeth Banks, Hayley Steinfield, Juicy J, Travis Scott, Girls,
and Stephan Curry.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Fashion Design, 2012
Pratt Institute - Brooklyn. NY

AFFILIATIONS