SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am an educator with fourteen years of experience. | have taught four years in the middle school setting and
ten years in an elementary school. | have earned my Master's Degree as a Literacy Specialist and completed
Harding University's Coaching Training. | have developed many units of study, integrating language, reading,
vocabulary, grammar and research with social studies and science content. | also have served on several
committees, such as our school leadership team, and | have mentored several interns through the Pathwise
model.

e« Curriculum design/planning « Up to date on current book releases and series
« Building a classroom environment that fuels that students are enjoying.
rigor, relevance and rapport e« Know how to apply Literacy research to the
e« Engaging students in real-world applicable classroom, both as a teacher and/or as a
lessons that reach high levels of thinking literacy coach.
(quadrant D) e Practiced in guided reading and writing model. |
« Trained in using technology in the classroom am trained in using and can train others to give
both for instruction and for student use to batteries of assessments (DRA, DSA, Flynt
engage in learning. Cooter, DIBELS, etc.) and make assessment
analysis.

| served as chaperone on several field trips, school dance, and other extracurricular activites.

| was awarded "Teacher of the Year" in 2013 by our Local VFW post for my support of their Veterans. This
extended to my participation in their essay contest, of which the top three prizes awarded were my students,
and | had the most students participate in the county.

| served on ACSIP. Leadership, and Curriculum committees.

| have mentored three interns as a certified Pathwise mentor.

MIDDLE SCHOOL LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 07/2012 to 04/2013
Charter Schools Usa | Charlotte, NC

| taught 6th and 7th grade Language Arts. | used an assessment-driven instructional plan. My lessons were
custom-fitted, based upon the needs of the students in their writing, as determined through writing workshop
conferencing. Students wrote many genre, and across the curriculum, with a heavy emphasis on
argumentative writing as necessitated by the common core frameworks.

5TO GRADE LITERACY TEACHER 07/2002 to 05/2012
Alma Intermediate School | City, STATE

| taught the entire literacy workshop model, including reading and writing, spelling, grammar, and vocabulary.
We utilized block scheduling which allowed for both reading and writing assessments and individualized,
custom-fit, small group instruction.

6TQ GRADE LITERACY TEACHER 07/1999 to 05/2002
Mountainburg Middle School | City, STATE

| taught 6th grade reading, writing, spelling, vocabulary and grammar. | used mainly novel units and the Step
Up to Writing program, which was how | was trained. | was also trained to use the MCRAT system of
questioning and thinking skills. | established my ability to manage a classroom and gathered strategies on
effective discipline, procedures, and motivating students during my first three years.

Master of Science | Reading Specialist 2008
Harding University, Searcy, AR
Certified Preschool-12th grade reading; Literacy Coach (Reading Specialist).

Ba helor of Science | Elementary Education 7999
Arkansas Tech University, Russeliville, AR
Elementary Education k-6; PreK-4; Middle School Social Studies Endorsement