JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFILE

Middle School/Secondary Teacher committed to nurturing and inspiring students to explore, define and transform their world. Through
Literature, History, Biblical Reflection and Creative Christian Interpretation, this teacher seeks to challenge students to engage the world in
dynamic and fruitful dialog. He will use effective, dynamic and inspiring methods of teaching to guide students into discovering who one is
called to be while defining one’s place in the world.

HicHiicHtTs
« Lesson Planning e Sixth Grade staff representative on the School Improvement
e Unit Creating through Backward Design Committee
¢ Well versed in implementation of the Common Core e MS Office proficient
e Academic performance evaluations ¢ PowerSchool proficient
e IEP familiarity ¢ Bilingual in Bahasa Indonesia
e Differentiating Lessons to address EC modifications * Coached a Battle-of-the-Books academic competition team
¢ Professional Learning Community Lead Teacher e Assistant Coach for a district champion middle school soccer
e Sixth Grade English Language Arts teacher team
e Eight Years of teaching AIG students English e Assisted with coaching a local youth soccer team with 20 children
¢ Literacy Tutoring experience for 2 years
e Served as a member of the Academically/Intellectually Gifted ¢ Consulted with coaching staff of a district champion middle
Committee school soccer team

e SIOP trained for addressing ELL needs
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

For twelve years, I have worked with a diverse community of students in public schools in North Carolina. I have challenged each student to
rise above the difficulties of life and embrace the gifts and opportunities bestowed on each individual under God's providence.

EXPERIENCE

07/2007 to 05/2015 Sixth Grade English Language Arts Teacher
Yucaipa-Calimesa Jt. Unified — Yucaipa, CA

e Instructed through lectures, discussions and demonstrations in English Language Arts for a diverse populations
students with special needs and academic and intellectual gifts.

e Planned lessons, collaborated and coordinated instruction with colleagues through several Professional Learning
Communities.

¢ Communicated regularly and effectively with parent/guardians concerning student achievement, social
development and growth.

07/2003 to 05/2007 Sixth Grade English Language Arts Teacher
East Lee Middle School, Lee County Schools — City, STATE

e Instructed through lectures, discussions and demonstrations in English Language Arts for a diverse populations
students with special needs and intellectual gifts.

e Planned lessons, collaborated and coordinated instruction with colleagues through regular team and content area
meetings.

¢ Communicated regularly and effectively with parent/guardians concerning student achievement, social
development and growth.

05/2002 to 07/2002 Pastoral Care Ministerial Internship
Partners In Care, Infection Disease Clinic, Duke Medical Center — City, STATE
¢ Internship in Pastoral Services counseling in the HIV/AIDS clinic.
e Assisted in gathering data and information for a grant and publications.
¢ Created materials and program for education local congregations about HIV/AIDS.

05/2001 to 05/2002 Duke Divinity School Ministerial Intern
Pleasant Green United Methodist — City, STATE
e Given charge of youth group activities and spiritual education.
e Planned and conducted an educational mission trip to Washington D.C.
e Planned weekly and monthly activities for spiritual and social growth of the youth.
¢ Instructed and counseled youth on religious and social issues.

08/1999 to 04/2000 Substitute Teacher
Johnson City Schools — City, STATE
e Several months as a substitute for a teacher assistant in a Behavioral Disorder and Special Needs classroom.
¢ Responsible for a 4th Grade class at Lake Ridge Elementary School during a teacher's brief leave of absence for a
family emergency.
¢ Taught and observed in nearly every grade from Kindergarten to High School Senior English.

05/1996 to 07/1996 Teaching English to Non-Native Speakers (ELL-Instructor) & Camp Counselor
Center For Education Excellence — City, STATE
¢ Develop teaching materials and programing for an "Intensive English Holiday Package."
© Create individualized lesson plans for students with varied English competencies.
e Assist students with English pronunciation and syntax.
e Supervised students excursions to various attractions around Jakarta and guiding conversation in English.

EpucaTION

2006 Program in Teacher Licensing : Middle School Lateral Entry, NC Teach
North Caroline Central University - Durham, North Carolina
e Final course to fulfill qualification requirement for Middle Grades English Language Arts certification was taken
through East Carolina University on-line.

2002 M.Div.: Theology
Duke Divinity School, Duke University - Durham, North
© MDiv is a3 year academic program
¢ Did not complete the degree program
e Exited the program to pursue teaching

1999 Bachelor of Arts: History & English
Milligan College - Milligan College, Tennessee
e Liberal Arts coursework followed the Humanities model of holistic inquiry.
e Minor in Bible or Biblical Studies (Religion)
e History degree has an emphasis on the development of ideas and theology during the Renaissance and the
Reformation.

SKILLS

¢ Helping Student Learn How to Apply their Faith to Critically Engage the World
¢ Identify How our Culture and the Society Subtlety Challenge our Faith.

* Identify and Explaining the Forces and Trends that Propel Human History.

¢ Instructional Planning and Implementation.

¢ Differentiating Instruction to Address Students Learning Styles

¢ Challenging Students to Pursue Excellence in All Things

e Assist students in Developing a Dynamic and Personal Writing Style

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Growing up in Indonesia as the son of missionaries, I attended Central Java Inter-Mission School (now, Mountainview International Christian
School) in Salatiga. My formative educational experience happened under the guidance of teachers and an institution that had an abiding faith
in God and the the transformational power of Jesus Christ. I would deeply appreciate the opportunity to allow my faith in the revolutionary
power of the cross to inform and infuse all aspect of my teaching practice. I seek to emulate the fine example made manifest in the lives of the
teacher that taught me at CJIMS. I believe this is the kind of ministry that God has interwoven into the fibers of my very being.

INTERESTS

Intellectual
© Church History
e Ancient History
e Asian History
¢ Theology & Philosophy
e Literature
© Poetry
¢ Political Science
Athletics
e Soccer
e Hiking
¢ Basketball
Fine Arts
© Creative Writing
© Drama/Theater
e Music Appreciation