Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Education specialist that desires to utilize my training and experiences to help increase the client base and growth of the company.
Seeking a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-

solving skills. I am eager to use my abilities to empower educators and students alike.

Highlights

¢ Natural Collaborator e Experience in designing, revising, and editing curricula
¢ Curriculum implementation e Ability to work independently
e Exceptional written and verbal communicator ¢ Highly relational and persistent
¢ Innovative thinker * Documentation skills
e Effective use of multi-media teaching tools e Planning and Coordination
¢ Creative problem solving e Flexible and Adaptable
Accomplishments

e My students’ ELA achievement scores growth beat the state average by 6% last year

e Created and delivered presentations to inter-departmental teams on my campus to ensure smooth implementation of technology
initiatives

¢ Certified in Middle Grades English (grades 5-9)
English (grades 6-12)

¢ Collaborated with team of 5 in the development of Standards tracking procedures.

¢ Coordinated and conducted PLC (Professional learning communities) meetings as a recognized PLC leader.

¢ .Coordinated collective educator agency to Achieve Student Outcomes in my school as a content area teacher in the Avid site
team.

¢ Served as a mentor for secondary ELA teachers.

Experience

Pre A.P. English Language Arts Teacher, 07/2021 to Current
Lake County Schools — City, STATE
¢ Used a variety of technology-rich teaching techniques to increase student engagement and encourage student critical thinking
and problem-solving.
¢ Employed collaborative and social skills techniques to encourage student learning and build community within the classroom.
¢ Developed overall yearly curriculum for teaching English-language learners based on school and national requirements.
¢ Worked effectively in fast-paced environments.
¢ Developed strong organizational and communication skills through coursework and volunteer activities.
¢ Implemented innovative teaching approaches for special needs students to meet requirements of individualized education plans.
¢ Sponsored several student activities and clubs, dedicating over 5 hours per week outside regular school hours.
e Represented educational program at meetings and conferences to serve as subject matter liaison for array of services and
activities assigned.
¢ Upheld commitment to educational excellence and fostered atmosphere of mutual respect and trust.
e Teamed with other faculty members and parents to outline IEPs for gifted, talented and special education students, addressing
diverse teaching approaches for special learning requirements.
¢ Conducted training and mentored team members to promote productivity, accuracy, and commitment to friendly service.
¢ Leveraged data and analytics to make informed decisions.
¢ Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated to other team members.
¢ Developed detailed plans based on broad guidance and direction.

Nelson Poynter Memorial- Library Library Aide, 09/2014 to 05/2016
Nelson Poynter Memorial — City, STATE
¢ Handled check-in and check-out process of library books and materials at circulation desk.
e Answered patron questions in-person or by phone regarding library services and resources.
e Gained strong understanding of various methods for cataloging books and other materials.
e Set up computer and digital device access, providing assistance with use and operation.
¢ Inducted, informed and supported new users with thorough library orientations.
¢ Compiled and submitted library activity and performance reports for improved insight.
e Managed library materials for accurate record-keeping.
e Offered basic reference assistance to support information needs.
¢ Provided assistance and support to staff in regard to facility maintenance, security and services.
e Answered phone and in-person inquiries about library services, policies and procedures to provide accurate information.
¢ Provided basic computer assistance to help patrons access needed resources.
¢ Utilized computer databases to locate library materials.
e Marketed library's many services to visitors and patrons through active communication.
¢ Conducted library tours and orientations, familiarizing patrons with library's resources and services.
¢ Helped patrons locate resources using catalog and circulation systems.
¢ Marketed library's many services to visitors and patrons through active communication.

¢ Handled receipt processing for book, audio-visual and computer software inventories.

Direct Alternative Group Data Clerk, 09/1992 to 04/1997
Direct Alternative Group — City, STATE
¢ Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.
¢ Sorted documents and maintained organized filing process.
¢ Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
e Organized, sorted, and checked input data against original documents.
e Entered numerical data into databases with speed and accuracy using 10-key pad.
¢ Developed and maintained databases to store customer information.
¢ Verified accuracy of data entered into system to produce error-free reports.
¢ Communicated with supervisors and colleagues to process data quickly and resolve discrepancies.
e Secured and protected data from unauthorized access by complying with security protocols.
¢ Developed data entry policies and procedures in compliance with company standards.
e Entered data into various computer systems accurately using Microsoft Office Suite.
e Created and maintained data entry logs to track data entry activities.
¢ Resolved discrepancies in data entry activities for accurate, complete jobs.
¢ Followed established procedures to enter and process data correctly.
¢ Followed data entry protocols, rules and regulations.
¢ Managed and organized documents for data entry tasks.
¢ Created spreadsheets for more efficient recordkeeping.
e Checked for accuracy by verifying data and records.
* Utilized techniques for increasing data entry speed.
¢ Kept optimal quality levels to prevent critical errors and support team performance targets.
¢ Used computer software to store and retrieve data.

¢ Managed documents by organizing forms, making photocopies, filing records, preparing correspondence, and creating reports.

Education

Bachelor of Arts: English And Cultural Studies, 05/2016
University of South Florida - Tampa, FL
Graduated Summa Cum Laude
¢ Sigma Tau Delta President USFP Chapter 2015-2016
¢ Shakespeare Club Member

* Study Abroad: London England, Writing

¢ Coursework in study of British, American, and “post-colonial” Anglophone literatures, foundational workplace writing forms,
methods, and issues and philosophy, literature, and the arts to history, sociology, and communications.

¢ USF World (Compass Award) Scholarship Recipient

MASTER OF SCIENCE: EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP, 2011
Walden University - Minneapolis, MN

4.0 GPA

Affiliations

Elected as President for Sigma Tau Delta English honor society 2016 « Member of Sigma Tau Delta e Member of Papercut —Online
USFSP Literary Journal e Member of USFSP Shakespeare Society e Editor of Papercut —Online USFSP Literary Journal