Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Teaching has always been, and will always be, my career dream. Ever since the age of six, | knew it was what |
was born with a passion to do. | am a highly motivated and enthusiastic, student-centered teacher focused on
helping every student reach for and achieve their potential. | have many experiences coordinating effective
lesson plans and collaborating with colleagues and administrators. My classroom management strategies are
practical and time relevant to the needs of our current students. The instructional tools | design and
implement are intended to meet the needs of each individual within the larger group classroom. Identifying
each student's zone of proximal development is a focus of my teaching. This idea surrounding lesson
planning and implementation allows me to assist students in meeting them where they are at, and helping
them to create and accomplish both academic and personal goals.

SKILLS ©  e Licensed in NH for 5-12 English, HQT and can e Tutoring
obtain elementary/middle school certification « Classroom Management
through NHDOE program while employed in an e Knowledgeable and Proficient in many
elementary, multi-subject position. Technology Programs such as: Google Suite
« Lesson Planning-Reflect and Revise or Create platform, Storyboard That!, AdobeSpark,
and Change each year. Flubaroo, Goobric, PearDeck, STAR Reading,
« Competencies and School Wide Writing Rubrics Newsela, Branching Minds, CommonL_it,

Performance Pathways, PowerSchool, Digital
Portfolio and ISTE, and a quick self- learner for
21st century skills, etc;

TEACHING (©) 7TH GRADE ENGLISH AND LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 06/2012 to CURRENT
EXPERIENCE Kearsarge Regional Middle School | City, STATE

e Attended Curriculum Camp 2 summers

e Ongoing member of competency writing and Rubicon Atlas curriculum mapping for Grade 7 ELA in
KRSD.

e Developed four differentiated levels of vocabulary study for grade 7 (12 units, 4 assessments each).

e Designed and implemented multiple units of study with the central theme of Identity: Short story, Poetry,
Informational Text, Dystopian Literature, Percy Jackson and Ancient Greece, West Side Story: aligned
with Common Core.

e Utilized a block of time during school days each year for designing and implementing units for
enrichment and reading interventions. Met with students for social and reading groups in planning/lunch
time.

e Increased Tier 2 reading comprehension scores from 5th-10th grade reading level

e Attended and Graduated from QPA Institute

e Promoted activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

¢ Differentiated instruction for students with wide range of skill and interest levels.

HICH SCHOOL ENGLISH TEACHER, LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 06/2009 to 06/2012
Kearsarge Regional High School | City, STATE

e Designed and implemented New Sophomore English Course

e Contributing writer for course and competency descriptors

e Advised Freshman Class by overseeing events Fall Foliage: Homecoming:

e Winter Carnival

e Taught Night School and Summer School English to more at risk students to retain or recover course
credit for graduation.

e Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening,
speaking, reading and writing activities.

e Used online resources to complement traditional course materials and aid in student learning.

e Customized innovative methods and materials to produce effective learning experiences.

7-~CENGLISH TEACHER 07/2006 to 07/2009
SAU 34 | City, STATE

e Taught over 100 students while providing a high degree of educational customization as needed

e Planned and executed lesson plans, including collecting necessary resources to complete various
projects and curriculum changes:

e Introduced individualized lesson plans to accommodate various learning styles among students of all
ability levels

e Founded and Advised the new Yearbook Committee

e Founded and Advised SciTech News (news for HDMS)

e Coordinated and facilitated a Mock Trial simulation design for environmental study while collaborating
with tech ed

« Designed Real World Projects in collaboration with FACS and Tech Ed for project block in the
afternoons

e Created, organized and managed a student group to research and implement a real presentation to the
community center feasibility committee in Hillsboro, NH based on local data and information

e Taught Math intervention and designed unit on Integers

EDUCATION AND () Master of Education 05/2008
TRAINING New England College

TeCcher Certification English 5-12 | English Language and Literature 01/2006
Certification Upper Valley Educators Institute

Bzhelor of Arts | English 05/2004
Dickinson College, Carlisle, PA

e Diverse study of English coursework beyond required/recommended.

« Member of Delta Nu Philanthropic Sorority, 2001-2004

e Point Contributor for Indoor and Outdoor Track and Field, 2003 to 2004.

e Most Outstanding Newcomer for Track and Field 2004 Recipient

e Captain and Chair of Phi Delta Nu Intramurals 2002-2004

e Assistant Director of Intramural Sports, Dickinson College post-graduation (worked during undergrad in
employee role)

e The interdependent Relationship of the Construction of the Savage as Double Hinged in Literature-
Senior English Thesis

e James Cook University, Townsville, Australia Studies Abroad on English and Indigenous Studies:
member of dorm sport league.

Hic» School Diploma 06/2000
Lebanon High School, Lebanon, NH

e Varsity Field Hockey 9-12 grade: Offensive selection NH Senior State Team vs. Vermont 2000:
e ‘st Team All-State 1997-99

e All-Time Leading Scorer Award

e Varsity Track and Field-1st Indoor Champion Women's Team Captain 1998, 1999
e Varsity Track and Field 9-12 grade: Women's Championship team member 1999.
e Band, Jazz Band, Youth in Action, etc:

e First Robotics Team, Play of the Day Team Award 1997

e Grantham Fire Department English Award Recipient 2000

« Member of National Honor Society 1998-2000

e Yearbook Committee

e St. Paul's ASP Program

AcCanced Studies Program 1999 07/1999
St. Paul's School , Concord, CA

e Coursework Focus: Ancient Greece

e College Writing Seminar

e ASP Crew Team

e Essay on the Goddess, Aphrodite

e Co-creator of Real Life Role Play (before it was a thing) Trojan War using pool noodles and lunch trays
on the "battle field".

Ce tificate of Completion | Intro to Space Science College Credit 05/1998
Advanced Space Academy, Huntsville, AL
Intro to Space Science Huntsville Alabama Space Camp US Space and Rocket

ACTIVITIES AND © New Track and Lebanon High School Campus Supporter and Member of the Track Fundraising Committee
HONORS Lebanon, NH School District May 2021 - current.

Spoke at School Board Meeting about passing for a new track at LHS. Joined Finance Committee meeting to

pursue the endeavor to raise portion of funds from local investors and Attend bi-weekly and monthly meetings

to pursue this endeavor fo reach committee goals. The track construction is complete and was dedicated on

April 25, 2023 for NHIAA sanctioned high school track meet for the first home meet in a decade.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS (©) KearsargeKearsargelintramurals

e 5-12 English Teacher Certification, NH

e« Field HocKearsarge MS-Varsity Levels, Kearsarge Regional School District, August 2007 - October
2019 / North Sutton, NH

« Coaching Award for Service to KRSD Community

Kearsargeck and Field Coach, Kearsarge Regional High School, March 2010 - June 2012 / North Sutton,

NH

e Planned and facilitated individualized workouts for jumpers. hurdlers, and throwers with 100 percent
personal record growth for each athlete

e Recruited and trained athlete to undefeated NH State Champion 100m dash #1 2010

e Trained athlete to become the NH State Champion in the Triple Jump #1 2011

« This cohort of boys in the jumps, sprints and hurdles, went on to become main contributors to the
team's success in acquiring a Team State Championship 2013

e« Trained and coached athletes for NH Heptathion and Decathlon to placement among their state peer
group

e« Track and Field Coach (Indoor/Outdoor), Hillsboro-Deering School District, November 2007 - June 2015
/ Hillsboro, NH

« Facilitated facility improvement for installation of long jump and achieved goal 100 percent (including
the removal and replacement of proper sand granule size)