PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

RECOGNITIONS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic, experienced, and passionate educator eager to contribute to, grow, and develop students'
literacy success through relationship building, team collaboration, parent and administrative support system,
high engagement strategies, researched-based best practices, and outstanding organizational skills,
particularly with attention to detail with assessment data and implementation. Clear understanding of
elementary and middle school level education and certified as a Reading Specialist. Motivated to learn, grow
and excel in literacy intervention and implementation.

e Site Teacher of the Year at McClure Elementary School with TPS in 2012
e Site Teacher of the Year at Centennial Middle School with BAPS in 2022
« Teacher of Today Award 2022

e Self-Motivated Professional e Quick Decision Making
e Collaboration e Interpersonal Communication
e Flexible and Adaptable e Strong Multitasking Abilities
e Responsible e Leadership
6TH GRADE ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER 01/2016 to CURRENT

Broken Arrow Public Schools | City, STATE

e Integrated technology into classroom as instructional tool.

e Established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls, emails, and Parent
Teacher Conferences.

e Provided small group literacy instruction to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

e Administered and graded tests and assignments to evaluate and monitor students' progress.

e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships with my colleagues.

SCCIOOL READING COORDINATORIREADING SPECIALIST 08/2014 to 12/2015
Discovery School Of Tulsa | City, STATE

e Designed, implemented and managed successful training programs to meet department and school
needs.

e Collaborated with administrators to determine and design course materials and supported ELA and
Reading teachers with implementation.

e Attended professional development training opportunities to learn and utilize latest research-based
literacy trends and best practices.

e Collected and analyzed assessment data to develop small group, research-based intervention
programs for grades K-8th.

e Conducted Reading Sufficiency Act meetings with parents and administrators.

e Maintained Reading Sufficiency Act paperwork for the school.

e Provided direct instruction to individual, small group, and classroom research-based intervention
practices of identified students to meet li

6TO-8TH GRADE ENGLISH TEACHER 07/2012 to 07/2014
Discovery School Of Tulsa | City, STATE

e Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering state standards and college preparedness skills.

e Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing
practice.

e Administered assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.

e Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.

e Helped students develop academic, social and emotional skills for long-term success.

e Evaluated academic skills of each student through verbal assessments, graded assignments and
standardized tests.

e Worked with administrators on behavioral issues to support needs of students.

¢ Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.

e Encouraged independent thought, good judgment and expression of original ideas.

e Integrated technology into classroom as instructional tool.

e Established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls, emails and Parent
Teacher Conferences.

e Planned and supervised class projects, field trips and visits by guest speakers.

5T. GRADE TEACHER AND TEAM LEADER 08/2008 to 07/2012
Tulsa Public Schools | City, STATE

e Worked cooperatively with other teachers, administrators and parents to help students reach learning
objectives.

e Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

e Incorporated multiple types of teaching strategies into classroom.

e Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss
instructional strategies.

e Planned and implemented integrated lessons to meet national standards.

e Graded and evaluated student assignments, papers and course work.

e Incorporated exciting and engaging activities to achieve student participation and hands-on learning.

e Encouraged creative thinking and motivated students by addressing individual strengths and
weaknesses based on standardized testing results.

e Supervised learning groups of students in classroom stations.

e Evaluated and revised lesson plans and course content to achieve student-centered learning.

e Collaborated with faculty to develop after-school tutoring program for struggling students.

Master of Education | Reading Specialist 05/2012
Northeastern State University, Broken Arrow, OK
e Graduated with Summa Cum Laude Honors (4.0 GPA)

Bz helor of Science | Elementary Education 12/2007
Northeastern State University, Broken Arrow, OK

AsCociate of Arts | Elementary Education 05/2004
Rogers State University, Claremore, OK

« Dean's List
« Member of Kappa Delta Pi Education Honor Society

« Elementary Education
« Reading Specialist