SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Experienced Sergeant Electricain bringing 8 years' experience in U.S. Marine Corps. Technically astute and decisive with good problem-
solving and organizational skills. Seek new professional challenges focused on Fire Fighter, Electrician, Fitness background. Dynamic leader
with success spearheading tactical planning and leading teams through diverse operational requirements. Skilled trainer and mentor to
subordinate personnel to improve productivity and technical understanding while maximizing team performance. Hardworking and reliable
Marine Platoon Sergeant with strong ability in Utilities field, Engineer Field, and Marine Corps Martial Arts Program. Offering 4 years of
senior leader billet while being in charge of 30 Marines or less, 3 years of being a lead instructor for Marine Corps Martial Arts Program.
Highly organized. proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. Strong technical proficiency with work history in Marine Corps. In-
depth knowledge of words, coupled with excels abilities.

SKILLS

e Guest services

e Loss prevention

¢ Inventory control procedures © Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise © Product promotions
EXPERIENCE
04/2017 to Current Martial Arts Instructor

10/2013 to Current

10/2013 to Current

Life Time Fitness — Peoria, AZ

e Built and maintained positive personal relationships with students and families, served as role model and character
educator and prioritized safety by supervising classes closely.

¢ Diversified business by offering exercise classes in addition to traditional martial arts.

e Maintained full schedule of classes for groups of different ability levels and end goals.

¢ Guided students through proper breathing, stance and fighting forms.

¢ Designed academically rigorous lessons, rubrics and assessments, monitored students’ progress toward higher
ranks, tested students periodically and issued new belts in affirming ceremonies.

e Adapted lessons and teaching styles to meet unique needs and abilities of students being taught and led high-
energy, benefit-driven instruction for children and adults.

e Assessed participants’ progress, corrected problems and advised on better methods.

e Instructed students in martial arts skills and demonstrated appropriate use of techniques.

e Promoted martial arts program to build and maintain clientele, to meet monthly revenue goals and to cultivate
positive impressions of martial arts throughout community.

¢ Demonstrated proper martial arts techniques and helped students practice and master techniques and embrace
individual learning needs and realistic goals for advancement.

¢ Instructed on core discipline principles and key fighting strategies to students of all skill tiers.

e Connected with local municipal recreation departments to organize large-scale community classes.

¢ Guided clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

e Watched clients during exercises and assisted with exercises.

e Re-racked weights and maintained neat, organized and clean club.

e Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other gym activities to meet fitness goals.

¢ Developed routines to avoid injuries, maximize effort and facilitate client attainment of personal fitness goals.

e Prepared teaching area for each class and returned all equipment to storage after classes.

e Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.

e Administered various fitness assessments to measure client progress.

e Devised new programs and monitored client progress.

Electrician
City Of Boise — Boise, ID
e Identified and addressed hazards. defects and repair requirements through inspection of electrical equipment.
e Connected wires to circuit breakers and transformers.
e Oversaw project details and adherence to regulations, including diagnosis, wiring and OSHA compliance.
¢ Troubleshot electrical control circuits using mult-meter.
e Trained facility engineering staff members.
e Placed and installed safety systems, including emergency lighting, uninterruptible power systems and battery
systems.
© Directed electricians on installation, maintenance and repair on electrical wiring and equipment.
e Evaluated electrical systems, equipment and components to identify and resolve defects and safety risks.
¢ Responded to emergency callbacks and provided onsite support.
e Reported improper conduct and events potentially dangerous or harmful to supervisor.
e Assessed, tested and operated variety of electrical components and systems.
e Interpreted schematics, blueprints and diagrams to complete projects on time.
e Tested entire electrical assembly for performance levels and safety concerns.

Platoon Sergeant
Compass Group Usa Inc — Greenville, SC
© Managed administrative needs of group, including recordkeeping and report writing, with team of 30 Marines in
fields such as Electricians, Generator mechanics, water purfication, heavy equipment operator, heavy equipment
mechanics, and combat engineers.
¢ Directed automated supply systems and liaised between supply and data processing sectors to facilitate smooth
e Led operational planning teams to address field and base concerns with minimal delays.
e Tested, repaired and updated equipment systems and components to meet current and expected demands.
e Oversaw gathering of intelligence and combat information to support troops on ground.
e Prepared, planned for and coordinated execution of support missions to aid deployed forces and individuals.
e Requisitioned, received, stored and documented unit equipment and supplies.
Monitored equipment during testing, simulations and live-fire exercises to detect operator errors or system
malfunctions.
e Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.
e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.
e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

01/2013 to 10/2013 Sales Associate

Aeropostale — City, STATE

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.

e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock
items.

¢ Kept apprised of emerging trends and provided informative customer service to assist in product selection.

e Trained all new sales employees on effective sales, service and operational strategies to maximize team
performance.

e Coached team members on security risks and loss prevention to aid in mitigating store theft.

¢ Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

e Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward
common sales, service and operational goals.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and
promotions.

e Offered product and service consultations and employed upselling techniques.

¢ Helped average of 100 customers per day by responding to inquiries and locating products.

¢ Mentored team members in mastering sales techniques to consistently exceed objectives.

¢ Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.

e Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.

¢ Mentored new employees on customer service, money handling and organizing strategies to maximize
performance, productivity and team success.

e Provided every customer with comprehensive assistance upon entering store through merchandise selection and
completion of purchases.

e Maintained well-stocked and organized sales floor with latest merchandise to drive sustained sales revenue.

¢ Reduced process lags by training employees on best practices and protocols.

e Reset store displays for special events and seasonal merchandise changes.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2012

High School Diploma
JOLIET CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL - Joliet, IL