Kionna Ahlgrim

Visual Effects Artist

A Visual Effects Artist with 1 year of experience in creating visually stunning and realistic visual effects for various
projects. Proficient in industry-standard software and tools, with a strong understanding of the technical aspects of VFX
production. Demonstrates a keen eye for detail, creative problem-solving skills, and the ability to work collaboratively in
a fast-paced environment. Committed to delivering high-quality work on time and on budget, while continually seeking
opportunities for growth and improvement in the field.

kionna.ahlgrim@gmail.com © E mployment BH istory
(116) 020-9203 #3 Visual Effects Artist at Kentucky Filmworks, KY
a Mar 2023 - Present
2AM SDE SS a O * Successfully completed visual effects for over 50 projects within
tight deadlines, resulting in a 98% client satisfaction rate and
contributing to the company's revenue growth of 25% in two years.
* Streamlined the VFX pipeline by implementing new software
Education and techniques, reducing project turnaround times by 20% and
Bachelor of Fine Arts increasing overall team efficiency by 15%.
i Vieal Effoeta and * Led a team of 5 artists on a high-profile project that won the
Anineionces Northern prestigious Kentucky Filmworks Award for Best Visual Effects,
: 5 generating positive publicity and attracting new clients to the
Kentucky University, company.
Highland Heights, KY
Aug 2018 - May 2022 Junior Visual Effects Artist at Pixel Panache, KY
Relevant Coursework: 3D Sep 2022 - Feb:2023
Modeling and Animation, * Created over 50 high-quality visual effects assets for a major AAA
Visual Effects Techniques, game project, contributing to its successful release and receiving
Digital Sculpting, Texturing positive feedback from both the team and clients.
and Lighting, Compositing * Streamlined the VFX production pipeline by implementing new
and Motion Graphics, Rigging techniques and tools, resulting in a 20% increase in efficiency and
and Simulation, Character and faster turnaround times for projects.
Creature Design, Storyboarding * Collaborated with a team of 10 artists on a high-profile advertising
and Previsualization, Game Art campaign, delivering stunning visual effects that helped the
and Design, and Film and Video client achieve a 30% increase in brand visibility and customer
Production. engagement.

* Mentored and trained two new Junior Visual Effects Artists, helping
them to quickly get up to speed and become valuable contributors
to the Pixel Panache team.

Links
inkedin.com/in/kionnaahlgrim
Certificates
Skills Autodesk Certified Professional (ACP) in 3ds Max
Oct 2021
Houdini
SideFX Houdini FX Certification
Nuke Jul 2020
Maya
Si aii Memberships

Visual Effects Society (VES)

Substance Painter : - i Pee
International Animated Film Association (ASIFA)

After Effects