Camren Jacobs

Art Instructor
~ Saugus, MA

\ 441-529-5757

camren.jacobs@emailcom

SKILLS

Fundraising & Fiscal Management

Program Design

Team Building

Volunteer

Video Creation

SUMMARY

Art Instructor with [number of years] experience of [top 2-3 skills]. Achieved [top achievement].
Expert at [X], [¥] and [Z].

WORK EXPERIENCE
January 2019- Art Instructor
January 2020 Acme Corp

January 2018 -
January 2019

January 2017 -
January 2018

EDUCATION

August 2018 -
May 2022

August 2022 -

Design curriculum, organize events, handle inventory and provide lesson plans
to children in differing age groups

Promote art appreciation and encourage less screen time based on a variety
of mixed art mediums, age groups, themes and genres

Launched a mobile art program that offers special event services in a group
setting and an assortment of pre-packaged art activities to accompany
children on the go

Art Instructor
Acme Corp

Collaborated with a co-instructor to prepare presentations highlighting
influential artists and art movements throughout history, and demonstrated a
variety of fine art techniques including monotype and relief printmaking,
acrylic painting, and sculpture.

Received positive feedback from colleagues, students, and managing Professor
for my ability to make difficult concepts understandable and help students
improve grades on their exams.

Art Instructor
Acme Corp

Maintain inventory of art materials and equipment.

Work with yearly budget to prepare quotes for each programming session and
replenish items as needed.

Consult with community patrons to determine interests and needs for visual
arts programming.

Plan and coordinate with local artists to conduct workshops and exhibit work
during community festivals.

Lead artist for public art projects to unite community through the visual arts.
Plan and implement visual arts course curricula for early childhood, adult and
senior classes.

Provide instruction, assistance and supervision to patrons during classes.
Demonstrate proper use of materials and tools to ensure safety in the
classroom.

Art Instructor
Ace University

Art Instructor Specialty Certificate
December 2022 Acme Career Program