JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Iam a highly motivated and personable Customer Service professional with over 10 years of experience in offering excellent customer service

in varying capacities.

SKILLS
e Strong written and oral communication ¢ Problem solver/ critical thinker
* Superb interpersonal skills e Flexible
e Training and mentoring ® Sales
e Excellent customer service skills e Technology (MS Office. Google G Suite, Google Slides,
e Ability to work independently Powerpoint, Go React, Zoom, , Social Media, Canvas)
Work HIsTory

English Language Arts Teacher, 01/2019 - 01/2020
Bridgeport Public Schools — Bridgeport, CT
e Performed manual data entry.
e Create and manage systems for tracking large amounts of data.
¢ Mentorship
¢ Conducted evaluation reports on Special Education students to track progress for conferences with parents and admin.
¢ Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth, including HIPPA.
© Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.
¢ Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.
© Observed colleagues and offered constructive criticism for best practice.

e Worked 55+ hours a week.

Guest Teacher, 10/2018 - 01/2019
Oak Park Unified — Oak Park, CA
¢ Developed and implemented classroom routines to address varying student needs.
¢ Modified lessons and curriculum to accommodate diverse learners by using strategies such as peer-assisted learning and group work.
e Participated in department meetings to provide input to colleagues about student achievement and improvement.
e Worked 25-30 hours per week.

Customer Service Supervisor, 01/2011 - 01/2015
Mckesson Corporation — Gahanna, OH
e Exceeded team goals and collaborated with staff members
to implement customer service initiatives.
e Evaluated interactions between associates and customers to assess personnel performance and customer satisfaction.
* Conducted training and mentored team members to promote productivity, accuracy and commitment to friendly service.
e Daily transactions of utility payments, store returns, Ticket Master ales, payroll, money order sales, cashier closeout accounts, store closing
accounting.
¢ Helped employees with day-to-day work and complex problems by applying motivational and analytical strategies.
e Managed store call volume of 200+ calls per day, directing them to appropriate departments.
e Managed customer complaints
e Assessed and authenticated customer exchanges, voids and returns.

e Managed complex transactional and emotional customer situations promptly and professionally while meeting service commitments.

Law Clerk, 01/2009 - 12/2010
San Joaquin County, Ca — Stockton, CA
e Assembled case materials for more than 100 cases by organizing, summarizing and collecting documents, information and evidence.
e Used dictaphone and Microsoft Office to transcribe legal documents and letters.
e Administrated databases containing client information and vital data to facilitate office operations.
e Drove quality control efforts by minimizing downtime and maximizing efficiency to increase revenue.
© Kept physical files and digitized records organized for easy updating and retrieval by authorized team members.
« Directed incoming calls to internal personnel and departments, routing to best-qualified department.
e Assisted in administrative duties for office team, including making phone calls, copies and schedules.
e Resolved customer problems and complaints.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science: Secondary Education, 12/2017
Bowie State University - Bowie, MD
e Minored in English

Bachelor of Arts: English Language And Literature, 12/2010
University of Maryland - College Park, MD
e Minored in Business Administration