JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A highly resourceful, flexible, innovative, enthusiastic individual who possesses a considerable amount of knowledge regarding teaching and
administrative skills. A quick learner who can absorb new ideas and is experienced in coordinating, planning and organizing a wide range of
activities. I am well organized and an excellent team player with a proven ability to work proactively in a complex busy environment.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer.

SKILLS

* Critical Thinking Skills Energetic and Enthusiastic

e Strong Management Skills Communicates effectively

Creativity and Flexibility Strong Leadership Skills

Conflict Resolution Motivated and disciplined

Dependable Written & Verbal Skills

Ability to work well under pressure Attention to details
Movement Charter School, Charlotte NC-3rd

Grade Lead Teacher August 2019-

Oversee the academic, emotional, and social development of
students

Develop lesson plans and teach the NC Standard Course of Study
Supervise classes to ensure all students are learning in a safe and
productive environment

Deliver personalized instruction to each student by encouraging
interactive learning

e Writing Skills

e English

e Childcare

© Microsoft Office

* Google Suite

© Outlook

e Tutoring

¢ Curriculum Development

e Positive Reinforcement Methods
* Social Behaviors

¢ Positive Learning Environment
e Innovative Teaching Methods

* Common Core Learning Standards
e Virtual Classrooms

© Toddler Care

Work History

08/2019 to Current

Behavior Management
Classroom Management

6th Grade Language Arts Teacher
Little Sprouts — East Granby, CT

e Oversee the academic, emotional, and social development of students

e Develop lesson plans and teach the NC Standard Course of Study

e Supervise classes to ensure all students are learning in a safe and productive environment

e Deliver personalized instruction to each student by encouraging interactive learning 5

e Prepared and implemented lesson plans covering required course topics.

¢ Promoted effective verbal and written communication through listening, speaking, reading and writing practice.
e Administered assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.

¢ Led interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in course material.

e Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.

* Completed in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.

08/2018 to 06/2019 5th Grade Teacher

Little Sprouts — Monroe, CT

e Instruct and oversee the emotional and social development of students

e Implemented classroom management improvements to enhance class morale and engagement.

e Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process.

¢ Taught students subject-specific material, learning strategies and social skills.

e Implement instructional programs, organize activities and report to parents

¢ Met with parents to discuss progress and suggest ways to promote learning and development.

e Planned lessons according to district standards to cover requirements and prepare for standardized tests.

e Drove student learning by establishing clear classroom plans and group objectives, as well as actionable strategies
to achieve each goal.

e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized examinations.

¢ Stayed abreast of changes to school and district policies as well as new trends in education by attending
professional development courses and in-service trainings.

¢ Promoted exploration of building blocks of learning by leading diverse, hands-on activities.

e Taught lessons encompassing skill-building activities in speaking, writing, reading and listening.

© Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

05/2018 to 08/2018 Lead Teacher

The Goddard Preschool — City, STATE

e Knowledge of NC Child Care Laws and Sanitation Regulations

e Receives feedback and applies training as well as key learning to improve job performance

e Able to effectively implement curriculum and create activities that are fun and educational

e Maintaining all classroom forms including but not limited to daily and monthly attendance reports
e Always Maintain a healthy and safe environment and supervision of the classroom

01/2018 to 05/2018 Lead Teacher

EpucatTIon

Genesis One Full Day Preschool — City, STATE

¢ Implement activities designed to promote social, physical and intellectual growth

e Provided a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities
and in imaginative play

e Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health

e Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health-related problems, and discuss them with
supervisors, parents or guardians, and child development specialists.

Master of Arts: Social Work
Walden University - Minneapolis, MN

2018

CERTIFICATIONS

Bachelor of Arts: English
University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC

CPR/First Aid January 2018 to Present