, Address « City « Zip
First Name Pocus © Excst

Last Name LinkedIn Profile: Web Link

Sample Job Targets:
ASSOCIATE CREATIVE DIRECTOR « DIRECTOR OF
SENIOR ART DIRECTOR ¢ PACKAGE DESIGN MANAGER
DIRECTOR — MARKETING STRATEGY

Specialties: Recognized by Magazine Name as the
brainchild behind Canada’s best marketing idea ever
Corporate / Brand

Identity Development & | Energetic and creative visionary offering demonstrated expertise in transtating all aspects of
brand and production into final product. Successful in consistently generating creative
marketing kieas, operating within budgets, adhering to PRL accountability, and delivering 7-
Marketing Promotions | figure profit gains. Inspirational leader who effectively manages sizeable teams (up to 300)
whole fostering a creative entrepreneurial environment that maximizes the strengths of a
Visual Design company’s human and financial resources. Excellent management skills that include the
Coordination and supervision of daily operations, personnel, budgeting, control systems, and
Art & Layout Direction | workload management, Talented in cultivating strategic alliances and partnerships with
extemal suppliers to kdentify and develop profitable business ventures.
Content Mapping

Catalyst in securing such “name” clients as Company Names; played a pivotal role in totally
Offset & Screen Printing | transforming Company Name marketing efforts in vaulting a local automotive dealership’s
revenues to second-highest in town. Easily build rapport and gain consensus amongst
Print, a Web-Site, | designers, senior management, and suppliers to communicate vision and design with ease
& Commercial and passion. Possess in-depth knowledge of legal requirements and copy for promotional
launches to ensure compliance with Criminal Codes, the Covnpetition Act, and the Better
Business Bureau.

Known for talent in applying a wide range of styles and approaches to meet diverse clients’
Direct Mail needs. Accustomed to working on multiple projects with short notice, little or no instruction,
and total creative judgment for quality and details of finished product. Comfortable using
Promotional Activity | PhotoShop, Illustrator, Gerber Software, Word, and Excel,

Trade Shows CAREER SYNOPSIS
Traditional & Computer- | Company Name, City ... Date
Generated Photographic Title

Based on robust business acumen, originally selected from a group of highty-competitive
candidates for the role of Graphic Designer; from Day One, revamped this position with the
Photo Laboratory goal of penetrating and landing business from the designer spec. work. Managed up to 10
Operations Creative projects and tasks spanning all of Canada and the U.S. Led, motivated, and
energized 10+ external designers.
Press Approvals & Brand
Colour Maintenance |» Created visual brands associated with Company Names = all within time-critical deadlines
while capturing each individual company’s essence
¢ Dramatically slashed legal costs over 95% by personally processing the U.S. and Canadian
fegal work for all 7 brands and securing Registered Trade Marks for all of these brands
¢ Averted the prospect of Company experiencing litigation valued at more than $2 million
by educating senior management on legal promovonal protocol

First Name Last Name « Phone ¢ ermiil Page 1 of 2