ROBERT SMITH
Automotive Service Manager

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Hard working Automotive Service Manager proticient in problern solving complex auto
repair issues while consistently delivering quality service. Service Advisor who employs a
strong work ethic and is focused on quality and customer satisfaction. Employs great
communication skills to relay complex problems to customers.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Customer Relationship Management, Customer Service, Employee Relations. Employee
Supervision. Business Development. Business Management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Automotive Service
Coastland Automotive - October 2014 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Managed the operation from research of vehicle to the procedures and monitoring
ot the job from completing a parts distributor pricing to advising the technician
through the complete job, to the extent of a customer ride along.

* Prepare accurate and detailed repair orders that describe customer concerns.

* Contemplated several computer diagnostic soltitions for the clients current vehicle
in the service bay for review, and go over the customers options available.

* Answer multiple line telephone system and call customers to advise of any
services needed, close the sale and schedule appointments

= Resolve customers billing and or service concerns complaints or direct to
appropriate department to resolve and follow through to completion

* Log in customers transactions and interactions on a daily basis for follow up
reports and customer retention.

* Complete all invoices written from start to finish by finalizing billing.

Automotive Parts
Benwood Auto Parts - June 2002 - November 2013

Key Deliverables:

* Research broker parts from over 100 trading partners in our network ot yards

* Issue quotes to insurance companies and repair facilities follow through with
sales calle te close sales‘and maintain the customer base.

* Call on area body shops and insurance adjusters for networking and potential
sales opportunities.

* Periodically visit. area repair and body shops to S&ldquo;puta face to the
voite&rsquoi to establish a better understanding of the shop&rsquo:s needs and
develop customer relationships,

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ls the copyright of Qwvikresurie.com, Usage Guidelines