Benjamin Mchns, Maintenance Technician
1 00Rosewood Court, Los Angeles, CA 916 0, United States, (661) 973-2188, meh_sbenh77eyahoo.com

PROFILE Experienced and rewurceful Maintenance Technician with over five prars of experience providing quaity
customer service in the field of asstoenotive repair, Skilled in the areas of diagnonis and repair and preventative
maintenance, Experience with elecerical systems, HVAC syste, brakes and fuel spsrems, and power sywtiem
break-down and repair, Excellent coenmuanicazor, able to work with clients and educate then om the state of their
vehicle, while providing high qualisy customer care every step of the way.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Jun 316 —Sep 209 Automotive Technician , Jake's Auto Shop Lon Angeles

° Applied learned knoneledge of satomobiles to provide the best service pone for all chien.

*° Thoroughly caamined vehicles to determine the malfunction of condition of the vehicle's parts,

* Ordered accurate amount of sapplics to ensure shop inventory was where it needed to be,

© Remained informed on indwtry adheancements and recalls ay part of ney pledge to cacellent casomer
service.

Aug 24 —Jun 206 Maintenance Technician, Hyland Repair Shop Lon Angeles

Rerfoensed tests. on vetricles to determine their functionality,

Comnsunicated well with customers to enmire optimal cartomer expericnces

Enhanced car appearances by performing dent removals and paint jobe

Scheduled and performed maintenance routine visits such avoil Changes, tire rotations and changes, wheel
balancing, and runeups,

* Repuirod and inutalled mew water pamps and radiator im vehiches.

* Helped to increase customer return rites by providing excellent custoener service at all times,

Sep 2 2— Aug 204 Maintenance Technician, Nevada Automotive Center Reno

* Communicated well with cuscomers regarding their vehicle's ieucs and needs.

* Provided quality assessments of vehicles befowe diagnosing specific insues and assigning repuir,
* Rebuilt and repaired engines.

* Property disassembled and reamsembled various parts,

* Organized imporunt chent and work related records.

* Moniroced inventory of parcs and placed orders when mecessary.

Comptied with all state vehicle standards.
EDUCATION

Avg 203 — May 24 Automotive HVAC Training, Ashworth Institute Hatta:
Avg M1 — Avg 205 Associate of Automotive Technology, Lincoln Technical Institute Whitestome
SKILLS Advanced Communication Skills Espert Automotive Air Conditioning Expert

Cheam Driving Record '
— General Maletenance and Systcen Expert
Multitasking Skills Expert

REFERENCES Joseph Randoli from Nevada Automotive Center

jrandoli@nevautocoe - 719.9 2 238

Linda Baker from Hyland Repair Shop
thakerephylandorg - $17- 2 06767

Chris Walls from Jake's Auto Shop