Carl Stewart, Car Mechanic

9 Wall St, New York, 10005, USA, 890-555-0401,
resu mesam plel2345@g mail,com

Date of birth 1985/20/03 Nationality USA
Place of birth New York Driving license Full
PROFILE Dedicated Car Mechanic with 7+ years experience servicing domestic and imported automobiles at high-

volume shops. Skilled at problem solving, diagnosing, and repairing all vehicles with a commitment to
delivering top-quality service and surpassing customer expectations. ASE certified and open to further
training.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Oct 2011 = Present Car Mechanic, Active Auto Repair NYC New York

Active Auto Repair NYC is an auto repair shop specializing in European & Asian vehicles. As the Car
Mechanic, my core activities include:

® Conducting car inspections, diagnostics, and repairs on European imports.

® Recommending repairs to fellow mechanics to maximize accuracy and efficiency.

* Performing repairs of automatic and manual transmissions as well as realignment and replacement
of brake systems.

® Maintaining vehicle records, warranties, and inventory of replacement parts.

© Ensuring proper usage of tools and equipment according to company policies.

Jul 2006 - Oct 2011 Car Mechanic, Teddy's Place Auto Repair New York

Teddy's Place Auto Repair services is a full-service auto repair facility based in NYC, As the Car
Mechanic, my core activities included:

© Aligning wheels, adjusting tracks, and repairing steering equipment. Work was completed during
the first visit and within the scheduled period.

® Troubleshooting mechanical defects in Diesel engines. W as routinely called upon for
recommendations due to expertise,

© Rotating between mobile and working at the service station.

© Road-testing vehicles to confirm all repairs were up to par.

© Providing detailed reports to the customers and following up any calls. Customer satisfaction
increased by 37% in 90 days.

Apr 2003 = Jan 2005 Auto Mechanic Trainee, MetroCar New York

MetroCar is an on-demand car repair service offering convenience for vehicle repair and maintenance,
As the Auto Mechanic Trainee, my core activities included:

© Diagnosing mechanical failures and determining corrective actions.

© Gathering details on customer vehicles for repairs and reports.

© Following the direction of Fleet Manager. Quickly completed training and was recognized by
management for quick-thinking and analytical skills.

EDUCATION

2002 Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) - Al, A4, A5, A6, A7

2001 New York State College, Associate of Applied Science (AAS)

SKILLS ASE Certified Manual and power tools
Clear communication Experience with Alldata
Highly organized Problem-solving

Attention to detail Fluent in English and Spanish