JOHN SMITH
22 Street Re, City, State, 00000
222-222-2222 / emaild@addeess.com

AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY FINANCE PROFESSIONAL

Highly motivated finance professional with more than 18 years expericace measuring performance and
leading financial and casts-savings initiatives within the automotive industry.

Extensive imerdisciplinary background includes analysis and forecasting, auditing, investigation, internal control
evaluation, as well as policy and procedure adherence, providing an experienced whole-picture perspective of
automotive manufacturing businesses,

Strenuths lic in exceptional leadership, interpersonal and communication skills, with a recognized track
record of success in supervising and motivating staff to consistently attain business targets

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
* In-Depth Financial Analysis * Leadership and Motivation
* Results and Performance Measuring * Problem-Solving and Solution Creation
* Report Writing and Presentation * Self-Motivated High Performance
* Program Development and * Coordination and Management
Implementation
* Strong Decision-Making Skills * Detail- and Accuracy-Oriented
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
GENERAL MOTORS OF CANADA LTD, Oshawa, ON 1990 - 2009

Senior Field Manager, Corporate Compliance (Dealer Austit Stafl) (2004 — 2009)
Responsible for managing all administrative financial aspects of departenent. Instrumental in the development amd revisions to
policy and comporme guidelines regarding exportation of vehicles and marketing programs and incentives, Condected speckal
investigations, participated in appeal and mediator hearings and collaborated regularly with sales and marketing executive
leadership.
* Improved franchised dealerstips by implementing “best practices” methodology afler reviewing miemal operapons and
external business reporting to ensure accuracy, efickency and corporate compliance,
* Recowered in excess of SSM by conducting weekly multi-million dollar dealer audits to ensure compliance to corporate
sales and service agreement.
© Reduced the necessity of field audits by an rg nam nemmamamiaaaaiess meee web-based
auditing program (1.A.R. = Incentive Analysis Review

Senior Financial Analyst, Employment Cost Analysas (2002 ~ 2004,
Provided financial administration of employee health care, group imsurance and pension plans. Liassed with Ciroup Carriers,
Corporate Legal Staff, Investment Trustees, Actuaries, External Benefits Administrator, Divisional Porsoemel and Financial
executive leadership.
© Improved efficsencics by assisting im the outsourcing bealth care, group insurance and pension administration
transactions and disbursements.
© Wentified and successfully achieved $400,000 im cost by reviewing contracted mites im depth,
© Avoided potential litigation issues and improved records by working closely with legal staff und divisional personnel to
clean up historical pension matters.
© Analyzed, identified and reduced costs by streamlining communications with employees and pensioners.