ROBERT SMITH
Asst. Automobile Mechanic

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Hands-on troubleshooter with a background in building tires and working as an auto
mechanic. Over 15 years as a safe, cooperative, and reliable employee. Demonstrated
strong work ethic, positive attitude, and self-motivated. Able to learn quickly and adapt
easily to change.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Industrial Hygiene, Custodian II cleaning tasks, Personnel supervision, Auto mechanics,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Asst. Automobile Mechanic
ABC Corporation - 1995 - 1999

Key Deliverables:

* Worked on automobiles. doing maintenance and repair.

* Responsible for repales and evaluation of engine and electrical systems.

»® Responsible for electrical work, brakes, and general automotive repairs,

® Performed diagnostics to determine whether a component was salvageable or
needed to be replaced,

» Tested and lubricated engines and other major components and replaced worn
parts before they caused breakdowns,

*® Examined vehicles and discussed with Customers the nature and exterit of the
damage or malfunction.

* Examined vehicle and discussed with customers the nature and extent of damage
or malfunction.

Automobile Mechanic
Delta Corporation - 1994 - 1998

Key Deliverables:

* Responsible for the repair and maintenance of all Volvo and Mazda powertrain.
electrical, safety, and computer systems,

» Responsible for the repair and maintenance of all Honda powertrain, electrical
safety, and computer systems.

* Responsible for the repair and maintenance of all Volvo and Mazda powertrain,
electrical, safety, and computer systents.

« Worked as cashier Assisted customers with the selling automobile parts,

» Assisted head mechanic in the cleaning of various engine parts and applying
grease on lt.

* Diagnosed issues with customer vehicles to make sure the vehicle got all
renessary repairs.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines