4 Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Automotive Service Advisor ctnmit \pallegeuereenacars

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Diligent mechanical technician with four years of perforrnance critical and hands-on education
experience In the field. Top technician during acquisition of autornotive technology degree,
applying experience and skills to repair and maintain high quality equipment for advanced
technology.

Skills

16 Years Of Custorner Service Experience, 14 Years Of Computer Experience, 4 Years Of
Mechanical Experience.

Work Experience

Automotive Service Advisor
FIRESTONE COMPLET AUTO CARE - February 2016 - 2019

* Responsible for opening and closing store and perforrned associated duties unsupervised.

» Organized and Count Inventory for Submission to Corporate Office.

* Maintained Custorner Service Index (CSI) rating as set by dealership service rnanager,

* Responsible for the entire custorner service experience from the service drive until vehicle is
turned back over to the custorner.

* Scheduled appointments and generated detailed service estimates tailored to the specific
customer.

* Advised custorners on the care and service of their vehicles and the value of maintenance in
accordance with the manufacturers specifications.

» Effectively communicated to the customer the timeline of repair and maintenance.

Automotive Service Advisor
ABC Corporation - 2015 - 2016

* 30 hours per week Managed team of five mechanics and assigned service repair order.

* Ascertained automotive problems and services by listening to custorners description of
symptoms, clarifying description of problerns, conducting inspections, taking test drives,
checking vehicle maintenance records, examining service schedules.

* Verified warranty and service contract coverage by exarnining records and papers, explaining
provisions and exclusions.

* Developed estimates by costing materials, supplies, and labor; calculating customers
payment, Including deductibles.

* Prepared repair orders by describing symptoms, problerns, and causes discovered, as well as
repairs and services required; obtaining approval signatures; entering repair order into service
database systern.

+ Maintained customer rapport by explaining estimates and expected return of vehicle;
obtaining customers approval of estimates; obtaining and providing contact telephone
numbers; answering questions and concerns; arranging towing and ternporary transportation,

* Heard and resoved customer grievances Maintained automotive records by recording
problems and corrective actions planned...

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines