Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Automotive Technician Website : www. qwikre sume, corm

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Reliable Autornotive Technician with four-plus years plus Automotive Service experience, Service
professional with a high cornmitment to safety and productivity. Dedicated to accurate efficient
work and regulatory compliance. Highly skilled in troubleshooting and repairing machines.
Simultaneously installation and repair projects to cornpletion with full accuracy and efficiency.

SKILLS

Inventory Management, Maintenance, Technical, Crane COST Forklift Certified, Shipping And
Receiving, Computer, Assernbly, Managernent, Hand Tools

WORK EXPERIENCE

Automotive Technician
ABC Corporation - September 2015 - January 2019

.

Inspected, tested, adjusted, repaired, and replaced integral parts of the vehicle engine,
alternator, water pump, and transmissions,

Repaired various systerns, to Include wheelchair lifts, and wipers made emergency repairs
and service calls in the field as necessary,

Completed all preventive maintenance services Including lubrication, oll changes, battery
maintenance, tire changes, and repairs.

Inspected, tested, adjusted, repaired, and replaced integral parts of the vehicle engine,
carburetor, alternator, water pump, and transmissions perform lubrication, oil changes,
battery rnaintenance, tire changes and repairs,

Repaired/replaced electrical components, installed/welded exhaust systems and etc,
Relayed Information to custorners in an intelligible and friendly manner,

Listened to customer cornplaints, and based diagrioses on that information.

Automotive Technician
ABC Corporation - Novernber 2014 - July 2015

Repaired wheels, axles, torsion bars and steering mechanisms of autornobiles, using special

equipment and wheel-balancing machines.

Repaired and replaced defective ball jolnt suspensions, brake shoes, and wheel bearings.

Tested electronic computer cornponents in autornobiles to ensure that they were working
roperly.

Used electroole test equipment to locate and correct malfunctions In fuel, ignition and

emissions control systerns,

Replaced and adjusted headlights and installed and repaired accessories, such as radios,

heaters, mirrors, and windshield wipers.

Disassembled the unit and inspected parts for wear, using micrometers, calipers and

thickness gauges.

Removed the unit, such as engine, transmission, and differential, using wrenches and hoist,

EDUCATION

Associates In Criminology And Forensic Technology - (ITT Tech - Louisville, KY}High School
Diploma - (Reno High School)Diploma in General Studies - 1973 (Palco High School - Palco, KS)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings