STANLEY SHARP

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 example-emaill@example.com

Summary

Skilled Retail Parts Pro with expertise in developing and leading successful sales teams. Equipped with solid
track record of success in customer-facing automotive roles. Organized and proficient manager able to
analyze and resolve problems, implement process improvements, and motivate high-performing associates.
Currently pursuing fleet safety certification.

Highlights
e Revenue generation e Clean driving record
e Team leadership e Sales coaching
e Staff development e Project management
e Processimprovements e Highly trained
e Motivational e Service-minded
Experience
Retail Parts Pro 05/2010 to Current
Superior Automotive Parts New Cityland, CA

e Develop and implement process changes aimed at increasing store revenue, reducing customer service
issues, and improving individual and team performance.

Lead team meetings to disseminate latest store, parts, and sales information.

Handle customer service issues quickly and maintain high satisfaction levels.

Utilize Microsoft Office software to track trends and draft reports.

Recruit and develop new parts professionals.

e Diagnose customer vehicle issues and recommend appropriate parts.

Retail Parts Pro 03/2006 to 04/2010
Quality Automotive Supply New Cityland, CA
e Assisted customers with parts and diagnostic problems by asking probing questions.
e Searched electronic parts catalog for correct parts and placed special orders for out of stock items.
e Trained and mentored new parts professionals on diagnostics, stocking, and sales techniques.
« Completed inventory counts on schedule.
e Accepted and processed payments for completed purchases.

e Effectively managed store inventory and kept optimal supply levels.
Retail Parts Pro 08/2003 to 02/2006
O'Neil Auto Parts New Cityland, CA
Stocked shelves with latest merchandise and tagged correctly.
Maintained front desk area in a clean and neat fashion.
Swept and mopped sales floor and removed debris.
Helped customers locate desired merchandise.
Answered vehicle questions and recommended products.
Unloaded delivery trucks and stored merchandise in correct locations.