EDMUND WATSON

1 Main Street. New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

SUMMARY

Diligent Automotive Technician proficient in problem solving complex auto repair issues while
consistently delivering quality service. Extensive hands-on experience in engine repairs and
replacement, Certified in brakes, front end steering, and suspension.

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

Small engine mechanics
Brake repoir and replacement
Analytical ability

Clean driving record

Friendly people person

Diagnosis and repair
Preventative maintenance
Suspension and alignment
Electrical systems
Mathematical aptitude

08/2009 to Current Automotive Technician
Henderson Automotive Repair - New Cityland, CA

Specialize in servicing brakes and fuel systems.

Communicate with customers regarding vehicle issues and potential
repairs.

Organize work records and file reports.

Install timing gears and timing belts,

Order accurate amounts of parts and supplies to maintain necessary
inventory.

05/2006 to 07/2009 Automotive Technician
Graves Repair Shop - New Cilyland, CA

Rebuilt and repaired engines.

Executed all phases of power system tear down and repair.
Removed and replaced tires, shocks, struts, and brakes.

Repaired and installed radiators and water pumps.

Contributed to repeat and referral business by using strong customer
service and problem solving skills.

12/2003 to 03/2006 Automotive Technician
Auto Dynamics - New Cifyland, CA

*eeee

EDUCATION

Examined vehicles to determine the extent of damage or malfunctions.
Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined.
Fixed or put in new belts, hoses, and steering systems.

Operated pneumatic tools and air compressors.

Complied with state vehicle requirements, including engine safety and
combustion control standards.

2002 Associate of Applied Sclence: Automotive Technology
Talbott Technical University - New Cifyland, CA
Coursework in Engine Repair, Suspension, Steering, Automotive HVAC, and
Brake Systems