Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Automotive Mechanic Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH ne eS ned

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

| want a highly rewarding career where | can use my skills and knowledge to help the company
and my co workers be successful. CORE QUALIFICATIONS Calrn under pressure Friendly and
cheerful Complex problem solving Excel in Sales Associate of the Month customer service Award
Dependabe Approachable Delivery Driver MS Office proficiency Sales Team building expert
Supervision and training Exceptional time management Tearn leadership Shipping and recelving
Tearn player Organized.

Skills

Superb mechanical aptitude, manual dexterity and attention to detail. Strong ability to identify,
analyze and solve problems. Occupational safety and emergency management with strict
adherence to safety requirements.

Work Experience

Automotive Mechanic

ABC Corporation - February 2004 - October 2013
Keeps equipment available for use by Inspecting and testing vehicles,

* Completing preventive maintenance such as, engine tune-ups, oll changes, tire rotation and

changes, wheel balancing, replacing filters.
Maintains vehicle functional condition by listening to operator complaints; conducting
Inspections; repairing engine failures; repairing mechanical and electrical systems
malfunctions; replacing parts and cornponents; repairing body darnage.
Verifies vehicle serviceability by conducting test drives; adjusting controls and systems,
Complies with state vehicle requirements by testing engine, safety, and cornbustion control
standards,
Maintains vehicle appearance by cleaning, washing, and painting.
Maintains vehicle records by recording service and repairs.

Automotive Mechanic

Porterville Sheltered Workshop - 1999 - 2004

* Distributed fuel, verified and refilled fluid level and altered oll and filters, as required

* Created small adjustrnents and fixes on tools (like replacing and/or repairing tired, heads and
tall lamps, windshield wipers, muffler clamps

* brakes)

* Tested equipment for faults (like broken or cracked hoses/belts, inoperative lights and worn
tires)

* Replaced and removed batteries

+ Olled and greased tools

* Checked and run vehicles to guarantee correct working orders, arid transported vehicles for
refueling and servicing,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines