Billy Taylor Auto Mechanic

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Billy Tayler comes to you with o strong background in diagnosing faults correctly, explaining
mechanical issues to clients, and performing physically challenging tasks for extended periods
of time. He is highly skilled in troubleshocting and repainng of gas, diesel and altemate fuel
vehicles. Successfully maximized performance in consistently meeting goals within a rapid-
poced en vVronment; requiring advanced planning, organzation, and leadership skills.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE = Equipment maintenance

Car Dismantling
Genera! Maintenance

WORK EXPERIENCE

Auto Mechanic

Ford Time Motors, Los Angeles, CA - May 2013 - Present

Responsibilities:

¥ Responsible for performing all assigned vehicle repair and maintenance work in
accordance with dealership and factory standards.

+ Performing preventive maintenance on automobiles.

¥ Preformed overhauls and repairs engines and transmissions on gas and diesel equipment.

+ Performed tune-ups and oil changes on vehicles.

¥ Tested vehicle's components systems to determine malfunction.

* Repaired, relined, replaced parts, and adjusted brakes to ensure safety.

+ Checked and mn vehicles to guarantee correct working orders.

* Whting reports about repairs.

Auto Mechanic
Alfa Group, Los Angeles, CA - June 2010- May 2013

+ Diagnosed and reported required repair and scheduled maintenance requirements to
Service Manager.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Professional:
Experience operating all types of vehicles and transportation equipment.
Trained in electronic diagnostics.
Using gas and electric welding equipment.
Understanding of computenzed repair and testing systems.
Trained fo operate emergency equipmentsuch asfire extinguishers.
Performing welding repair to manufacturer's guidelines.
Knowledge of equipment inspection procedures.
Licensed to drive a forklift truck. =
Fas & RESUME2017.NET
¥ Excellent communications skills.
¥ Possessing o volid driving license ond ao clean record.
+ Maintaining cooperative working relationships with colleagues.

EDUCATION

Aston College - HND 2008 - 2010
Coventry School; O levels Maths (A) English (B) Geography (B) Physics (A)

+e eee eee

REFERENCES ovailable on request.