OSCAR CLEMENS

284 Main Street + Topeka, Kansas 66621
oscari@myisp.com + 785.555.4893 + 785.555.1049

AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN / MECHANIC

Highly skilled and depandable with hands-on experience and excellent training to perform service,
diagnostics, and repairs on domestic and imported automobiles and trucks.

Contribute to repeat and referral business through strong problem-solving skils and commitment ta
top-quality workmanship and excellent customer service.

Expertise interpreting technical specifications; provide leadership to other mechanics to increase
repair accuracy, minimize lost time, and ensure safety compliance.

Participate in continuous training and professional development activities to maintain current
knowledge of rapidly advancing automotive technologies.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Associate of Applied Science (AAS) — Automotive Technology, Mechanical (2005)
METROPOLITAN COMMUNITY COLLEGE, Kansas City, Missouri

Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) — AT, A4, A5. AG, A7

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

STANDLEY AUTOMOTIVE — Topeka, Kansas 12/2013 to Present
Lead Technician
Supervise four full-time mechanics.and two apprentices.in troubleshooting, diagnosing, and repairing a
wide variety of vehicle makes and models. Manage day-to-day schedule and operations of repair shap,
maintaining strong focus on quality workmanship and customer service. Evaluate accuracy of diagnoses
and approve recommended repairs. Complete records, warranty documentation, and ensure proper
maintenance of tools and equipment. Meet face-to-face with customers to provide estimates and explain
repairs.
« Integral in establishing service and repair shop grounded on high-quality workmanship by providing
strong #adership and motivation to junior mechanics and apprentices.
© Led service and repair shop in achieving two nationally recognized Service Excellence awards for
quality of work and cammitment to customer service.

Mr. JACKS IMPORT REP aR - Topeka, Kansas 10/2010 to 11/2013
Automotive Technician

Conducted automotive inspections, diagnostics, and repairs on European imparts to include engines,
transmissions, differentials, brakes, clutches, starters, axles, steering gears, carburetors, fuel systems,

cooling systems, and other mechanical and electrical systems. Maintained accurate hours and repair
records.
e Built solid reputation as highly skilled and quaility-driven mechanic; entrusted with increased
responsibilty, offen supervising other mechanics.

*® Recognized by management for expertise and routinely called upon for recommendations;
provided valuabie guidance that led to avoidance of lost lime and damaged parts.

SAM'S TRUCK AND AUTO~ Topeka, Kansas 32007 to 10/2010
Mechanic

...continued...