Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

To obtain a full time position where educational background, professional experience, management skills, and training experience can assist in the

success of the organization and advancement opportunities. In addition, I’m a hard worker, motivated and enthusiastic.

Accomplishments
¢ Supervised team of 4 staff members to clean up 700 pounds trash for Charleston water keeper.
+ Type and edit your text
Skills
¢ Loading and unloading ° People-oriented
¢ Materials management © Sensitive
e Order picking and processing ¢ Classroom Management
¢ Management © Outdoor Activities
¢ Data Entry © Organized
¢ Database Management e Customer and Personal Service
e¢ Documentation e Time Management
e Training ¢ Management of Personnel Resources
e Implementation e Strong Written and Organization Skills
e Excel-Advance e Great Multitasking Skills
¢ PowerPoint-Advance ¢ Accurate, Efficient and Detail Oriented
© Word-Advance ¢ Data Entry(75 WPM)
e Inventory Management ¢ Strong Interpersonal Skills
e Microsoft Office e Multi Line Phone System
e Customer Service e Capable Of Analyzing and Organizing All Types Of
e Administrative Information
e Telephone Reception
Work History

Aviation Resources Manager , 05/2018 to Current
The Sunshine House Early Learning Academy - Lilburn, GA

¢ Utilized Aviation Resource Management System (ARMS)

e Maintained the security of classified documents and knowledgeable of security regulations in handling files and arranging the
destruction and transfer of materials to the records holding area.

¢ Designed, established, and sustained numerous computerized systems to control records.

¢ Maintained Pope's largest Communication Security (COMSEC) account $50K with zero errors on inventory.

e Interpreted public law, planned, organized, and directed aircrew and parachutist resource activities.

e Validated that aircrew members have met daily aircraft safety and physical requirements before authorizing them to proceed to
their assigned aircraft.

¢ Monitored an § million dollar flying hour program, closing out the fiscal year with zero errors.

Preschool Teacher's Assistant, 10/2017 to 10/2018
Kroger — Greeley, CO
e Communicated with parents to inform about child's progress and classroom behavior.
e Prepared for lessons by gathering educational materials and setting up equipment.
¢ Maintained well-controlled classrooms by clearly outlining standards and reinforcing positive behaviors.
¢ Promoted physical, academic and social development by implementing diverse classroom and outside activities.
¢ Maintained classrooms by disinfecting and sterilizing surfaces and toys.
e Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.
e Assisted the lead teacher with snack time, arts and crafts and putting the children down for naps.
e Organized small groups of children while transitioning to and from outdoor play.
e¢ Administered medication and minor first aid to sick and injured students.
e Offered parents detailed daily reports that outlined their child's day.
¢ Maintained daily records of children’s individual activities, behaviors, meals, and naps.
¢ Maintained a child-friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities.

e Addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management staff.

Service Deli Clerk, 06/2017 to 03/2018
QuickChek — City, STATE
e Cleaned and sanitized dishes and utensils, consistently keeping adequate supplies on hand for expected customer loads.
e Promoted new or high-value food items by creating attractive displays in cases and other customer-facing areas.
e Listened to customer requests and suggested additional menu items as appropriate to upsell products.
e Opened new inventory and rotated stock by dates to maintain freshness.
¢ Listened carefully to customer instructions and prepared orders according to those preferences.
¢ Made food according to standard recipes with requested changes for customer satisfaction.
¢ Maintained clean, trash-free workspaces to maximize productivity and safety.
* Carry food supplies, equipment, and utensils to and from storage and work areas.
¢ Mix or blend ingredients, according to recipes, using a paddle or an agitator, or by controlling vats that heat and mix ingredients.
¢ Set up, operate, and tend equipment that cooks, mixes, blends, or processes ingredients in the manufacturing of food products,
according to formulas or recipes.
¢ Responsible for the preparation of deli departments, such as made to order sandwiches and premade items. As well as
responsible for the preparation of bakery department.
¢ Record production and test data for each food product batch, such as the ingredients used, temperature, test results, and time
cycle.
¢ Precook items such as bacon, to prepare them for later use.
* portioning out meats, cheeses, toppings(olives,pickles etc)
¢ Read food order slips or receive verbal instructions as to food required by patron, and prepare and cook food according to
Education
High School Deploma: 06/2012

Ewing High School - Ewing, NE

Child Care: 10/2017
Mercer County Community College - Trenton, NJ