Aviation Operations Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Specialist / Manager Website: www.qwikresume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Results-oriented Aviation Operations Specialist/Manager with 7 plus years in aviation operation. A
talent for working efficiently under pressure and stress in a busy atmosphere. Adept to handling
confidential information and situations with discretion and has an innate ability to develop loyal
and cohesive stall, dedicated to the task at hand.

Extremely Organized, Clerical, Leadership Skills, Team Building, Problem Resolution, Confident,
Customer Service

Work Experience

Aviation Operations Specialist /Manager
ABC Corporation - March 2011 - August 2014

Manages 2 flight hour database programs, ensuring the accuracy and timeliness of reports for
an average of 216 flight operation per day.

Schedules and monitors quarierly and annual training events for 325 Marines.

Manages the logistical movement of required operational resources of 1000+ Ibs.

for deployments and off-site training exercises.

Prepared operation plans, training directives, and maintaining orders of fight time in both
master and individual flight files.

Logged over 4,000 deployed flight hours and continuously maintained flight documents in
several programs to contribute to daily maintenance on aircraft.

Maintained flight logs on incoming/outgaing flights and individual flight records,

Aviation Operations Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2011

Responsible for coordinating all Temporary Duty Travel utilizing the Defense Travel System for
personnel in 3rd Battalion 101 st Aviation Regiment conducting a National Training Center
Rotation, AH-64 Alrerafi Fielding, and AH-64 Aircraft Reset following deployment.
Responsible for training three personnel tn the use of the Defense Travel System Preformed
duties as a Battle NCO responsible for ensuring thai all Radio Telephone Operators were
trained and prelorming to standard.

Preformed duties as a Batialion Air Movement Request Coordinator.

Received Air Movement Requests to be processed and assigned to missions for support.
Planned daily Air Movement Missions for UH-60 aircrews.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current rale,

Education

Bachelor's in Criminal Justice - 201 6ffowsen University - Towson. MD}

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines