SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Aviation Electronics Technician that provides technical expertise in testing aircraft systems. troubleshooting

and repairing system discrepancies for minimum schedule impact. Demonstrates technical expertise by
implementing process changes to reduce cost and meet schedule without compromising safety or quality.
Enforces company goals of safety and quality while adhering to daily work plans to maintain schedule
requirements.

« Quality assurance controls e Dedicated team-player
« Customer relations e Strong work ethic
« Excellent time management e Exceptional performance in a fast-paced
e Effective team leader environment
e Ability to learn new concepts quickly e Great focus and attention to detail
) AVIATION ELECTRONICS CALIBRATION TECHNICIAN 01/2017 to CURRENT

Savatree | Inwood, NY

e Calibrated electronic fleet test equipment (GPTE and PGSE) at the intermediate level for use on military
aircraft.

e Read and interpreted publications to disassemble, repair, and troubleshoot electronic equipment.

e Responsible for providing technical training for new technicians.

e Set up and operated precision test equipment for alignment, troubleshooting and testing of electrical
equipment and systems.

e Conducted functional tests to check operation and calibration of test stations, components equipment
and systems.

e Recorded results of repair and modification actions and accounted for time required to perform each
task on service worksheets.

e Kept equipment working efficiently through proactive inspections, preventive maintenance and repair
actions.

e Delivered positive reinforcement and constructive criticism for employee work efforts.

e Inspected completed work to assess quality and identify skill gaps.

SEQUAL ASSAULT VICTIM ADVOCATE 10/2018 to CURRENT
Nordson Corporation | Amherst, OH

e Supported crisis intervention and advocacy for victims.

e Delivered on-call and overnight support to victims and witnesses for 24-hour call center.

e Created awareness of victims' rights and services by delivering presentations to agencies and
community groups.

e Coordinated referrals and crisis counseling services and programs.

e Provided occupational, educational and other informational services to individuals to aid in making
educational or vocational plans.

e Provided educational and outreach programs. prevention talks and other presentations to social service
agencies, businesses and general public audiences.

OFCIRATIONS MANAGER 07/2014 to 02/2017
Foot Locker Inc. | City, STATE

e Received payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.

e Organized store paperwork and assisted in work-center audits.

¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures, and improve bottom-
line profitability.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products, and services information.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies, and security
practices.

e Assisted with training new cashiers and customer service team members to increase speed of
onboarding.

e Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.

TECM MEMBER 06/2013 to 08/2013
Braddock Youth Project | City, STATE

e Participated in weekly discussion groups.

e Engaged in mentoring and service activities in the Braddock community.

e Researched food related subjects (i.e. Cooking, nutrition, food politics, food justice, etc.) to deliver
accurate information to groups through public speaking engagements.

¢ Collaborated with teammates to enhance future presentations.

e Comprised a healthy meal plan for a family of three on a limited budget.

e Worked hard to learn required tasks quickly to maximize performance.

e Upheld high standards of productivity and quality in operations.

Honors Program 2012
Palm Beach Lakes Community High School, West Palm Beach, FL

e Completed coursework in the Medical Sciences Program.
e Ranked in Top 5% of class.

HoCors Program
Statesboro High School, Statesboro, GA
¢« Completed coursework in Accounting I.

Hig» School Diploma | Biomedical Sciences and Engineering 05/2015
Henry W. Grady High School, Atlanta, CA

« Honors Program

« Completed coursework in Biomedical Sciences.

« Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA) Member

« Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) Member

« 21st Century Leaders Member

« Ranked in Top 10% of class

« DoD Sexual Assault Advocate Certification (D-SAACP)
e Collateral Duty Inspector