JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic Supervisor with expertise prioritizing projects, planing workflow and managing employees to achieve operational goals. Resourceful
individual with 12 years of active experience managing efforts within deadline-driven environments. Diplomatic individual with strong
leadership and decision making skills. Strong belief in knowledge is power while maintaining the values and principals set by company
standards.

SKILLS

*« Management * Critical Thinking

e Aviation systems mastery * Outlook

e Electrical theory mastery e Hardware And Software Testing

« Circuit wiring ¢ Troubleshooting

« Teamwork e System Designs

¢ Communication skills e Preventive Maintenance
Work History

12/2021 to Current Aviation Electronics Technician
State Of Nebraska — Lyons, NE
Manager - Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Representative of over 30 Aircraft and 140 personnel
e Inspects preventive maintenance and repairs on wire bundles, connectors, RF cables and fiber-optic lines for
avionics and weapons integration equipment.
e Inspects all Installation of electrical and electronic components and assemblies.
Troubleshot F35B avionic systems and restored functionality in event of failure or component discrepancies.

e Influenced emerging aviation system designs to reduce, simplify and eliminate maintenance actions.

e Conducted preventive maintenance and repairs on wire bundles, connectors, RF cables and fiber-optic lines for
avionics and weapons integration lab equipment

e Liaised with manufacturers, repair and overhaul facilities, and regulatory personnel to address compliance
requirements

Completed electrical continuity checks, operational tests, and acceptance tests per engineering and manufacturer
installation instructions

e Analyzed and reviewed technical data during investigation to propose troubleshooting and resolution strategies
e Worked with OEMs on emerging issues to help ensure safety and airworthiness

Planned or conducted environmental, operational or stress tests on models or prototypes of aircraft or aerospace

systems or equipment

e Managed functional analysis and requirements allocation related to evaluating software specification compliance
and determining required corrections to meet regulatory requirements

e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment

e Supervised work of contracted employees to keep on task for timely completion

Completed paperwork, recognizing discrepancies and promptly addressing for resolution

e Worked flexible hours, night, weekend, and holiday shifts

Effectively interacted with maintenance departments regarding software defects and functionality issues, working
closely to develop innovative solutions

e Assisted with developing and implementing quality assurance improvements based on call evaluation results

e Drafted performance and quality assurance reports and presented findings at weekly and monthly quality meetings
¢ Provided ongoing feedback to management and call representatives to foster improvement

¢ Performed call audits to monitor regulatory compliance

e Reviewed and scored calls made utilizing company-defined quality monitoring standards

¢ Provided regular updates to team leadership on quality metrics by communicating consistency problems or
production deficiencies

e Kept inspection journals and daily summary logs as required

01/2019 to 12/2021 Information Security Specialist COMSEC Manager
USMC -— City, STATE
e Drafted detailed security policy to govern and support technology decisions.
e Directed processes to choose, deploy and manage security software implementations.
¢ Monitored computer virus reports to determine when to update virus protection systems.
¢ Reviewed 47 violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans, that resulted in 20%
decrease in violations.
Managed information system regulatory compliance to meet updated guidelines.
¢ Consulted with team members to assess flawed root causes and plan for remediation.
e Conducted 14 individual security audits to identify vulnerabilities ever month.
© Held and maintained serviceability for over 2.8 million dollars’ worth of equipment

02/2015 to 02/2019 JSF Test and Evaluation
USMC — City, STATE

¢ Led corporate-wide initiatives to help guide enterprise and business level goals by leading teams on hardware and
software upgrades.

e Designed and prepared technical reports, studies and related documentation for evaluation of aircraft lethality and
capabilities.

e Installed, configured and monitored local and wide-area networks, hardware and software.

¢ Collaborated with senior management and business line management to identify and prioritize new concepts for
development and launch for F35.

e Constructed, edited and tested computer system programs for prognostic health status.

e Established extensive procedures and policies for troubleshooting and resolving hardware and software issues.

e Assembled, installed and tested new equipment and assisted users in understanding general functions of newly
installed equipment by developing user guides and in depth troubleshooting publications supporting systems

© Maintained problem tracking system and ran diagnostic software to verify properly operating equipment.

e Successfully performed hardware and software testing and evaluation for all JSF F345 Fighter Jets prior to fleet
utilization.

08/2012 to 01/2015 F18 ComNav Technician
USMC - City, STATE
e Performed scheduled and unscheduled inspections to check flight readiness of aircraft.
e Lubricated shafts, bearings and gears to maintain optimal performance.
e Obtained fuel and oil samples to check for contamination.
e Maintained, repaired and rebuilt aircraft structures and fuel, electrical and oxygen systems.
e Inspected all received aircraft parts to verify compliance with FAA regulations.
© Used leveling compounds and scotch casts to seal parts, assemblies and sub-assemblies.
e Diagnosed faults and developed resolution plans.
e Performed cost analysis for shop components and labor hours through excel spreadsheets.
e Maintained repair logs to document all corrective and preventive aircraft maintenance.
e Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment.
e Serviced electrical, pumps and air handling systems.
¢ Documented all inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS.
¢ Managed more than 60 Collateral Duty Inspectors and trained to perform all required maintenance on F18 fighter
jet.

EpucaTIoNn

Bachelor of Science: Electrical Engineering
ECPI University - Virginia Beach, VA
not finished still in work

CERTIFICATIONS

e AET - Aircraft Electronics Technician
e SP2 KMI Certified (COMSEC Manager)
¢ PMG Contamination Certified for Aircraft confined space.