JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Diligent Security professional with 4 years of experience monitoring facility staff and visitors to maintain order and safety. Demonstrated
ability to learn new procedures and policies using defensive tactics within strict guidelines. Leverages excellent listening and service skills in
emergency response and evaluation procedures. Expert in assisting customers, multitasking, and handling high-volume work. Well-versed in
stressful environments. Good relationship-building and problem-solving abilities with a resilient and adaptable approach. Positive, upbeat and
friendly team player.

SKILLS

e File and records management e Customer service

« Investigation documentation e Leadership

« Supervision e Personnel

¢ Priority Management e Strategic Planning

e Processes and Procedures © Safety

* Operations management e Safety and security
Work History

09/2016 to Current Aviation Security Officer Supervisor
Securitas Critical Infrastructure — City, STATE

e Respond to incidents of fire, medical emergency, bomb threat, flooding, water discharge, elevator emergency’s, &
Hazardous material.

e Identified and challenged potentially unauthorized individuals for screening and detention in order to prevent
access to restricted areas.

© Provided guidance to security staff on appropriate courses of action for diverse situations.

e Prepare daily logs & reports as required.

¢ Oversaw team of up to 15 security officers and managed administrative duties, including scheduling and
performance evaluations.

¢ Protect evidence or scene of incident in the event of accident, emergencies, or security investigations.

¢ Patrol in assigned area on foot or vehicle & checking for unsafe conditions, hazardous, or unlocked doors.

e Controls access to client site or facility through admittance process.

¢ Preserves order and act to enforce regulations and directives for site pertaining to personnel, visitors. and premises.

e Observes and reports activities and incidents at assigned client site, providing security and safety of client property
and personnel.

¢ Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of vehicles, cargo trucks and visitors.

e Reported suspicious activities and persons to law enforcement.

¢ Performed deep searches and pat-downs to look for unauthorized materials and items such as weapons.

e Inspected suspicious activities and monitored premises for criminal acts and rule infractions.

¢ Participated in staff meetings, special events and professional development activities.

¢ Oversaw daily monitoring and patrolled buildings, grounds, and work sites.

e Checked identification of all persons entering and exiting facility to eliminate unauthorized visitors.

e Identified and challenged potentially unauthorized individuals for screening and detention in order to prevent
access to restricted areas.

© Operated X-ray screening machines and tools to screen people, containers and personal belongings for potential
hazards and weapons.

¢ Monitored and evaluated unit performance on key security issues, recommending corrective action programs where
appropriate.

e Managed team schedules to provide effective security coverage for building needs.

¢ Recorded incident reports with detailed accounts of occurrences.

® Maximized data collection accuracy scores and recorded, stored and analyzed security information with zero
discrepancies.

01/2015 to 08/2016 Airport Passenger Service Agent
Prospect Airport Services — City, STATE

e Checked in luggage and confirmed all carry-on items met federal guidelines.

« Escorted handicapped passengers from terminal to aircraft.

© Provided high level of customer service to each person by engaging customer and using active listening and
effective interpersonal skills.

¢ Informed clients of essential travel information, such as travel times, transportation connections, medical and visa
requirements to facilitate quality service.

e Secured passengers for transportation by buckling seatbelts or fastening wheelchairs with tie-down straps.

¢ Provided boarding assistance to elderly, sick or injured people.

e Provided customers with information on routes, timetables or concourses.

e Observed safety and privacy procedures in handling passengers’ property.

06/2014 to 08/2015 Front End Bagger
Kroger — City, STATE

¢ Supported team members and management by going above and beyond to meet goals.

e Maintained customer satisfaction by assisting with carrying out goods.

¢ Completed customer service duties, including returning unwanted merchandise and retrieving specially requested
products.

e Performed general cleaning duties by washing windows, sweeping and mopping floors, cleaning bathrooms and
dusting displays.

e Retrieved grocery carts and baskets from lot and various site locations.

¢ Illustrated excellent commitment and strong work ethic with consistent attendance.

e Maintained availability of grocery carts by monitoring cart corrals.

e Answered customer inquiries and provided product guidance.

e Bagged merchandise carefully to prevent damage of delicate items such as bread and eggs.

e Worked together with cashiers to guarantee customer satisfaction.

e Assisted with maintaining clean and organized store appearance.

e Communicated with cashiers and customers to learn about bagging needs.

¢ Maintained superior store cleanliness, organization and sanitation by performing various light janitorial duties,
including sweeping and mopping.

e Greeted guests entering and exiting store to foster customer satisfaction.

e Assisted customers by escorting and placing grocery bags in vehicles.

e Immediately cleaned all spills on sidewalks and floors to prevent customer and employee injury.

e Maintained inventory of grocery carts at necessary levels by monitoring cart corrals and parking lot storage areas.

¢ Smoothed check out process by replenishing bag supply and retrieving carts.

e Provided product knowledge to help customers select best products.

¢ Completed more than 300 orders each day with efficient picking and packing of shipments.

EpucaTIon

11/2021 Associate Degree in Business Administration: Business Management; Administration
Wayne County Community College District - Detroit, MI

05/2021 Bootcamp Certificate: Cyber Security / Information Security

U Of M Nexus Cyber Securtiy - Ann Arbor, MI