JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Organized professional with superior work ethic and team player attitude. Exceptional quality control, inspection and accountability abilities.
Commended for honesty, hard work and positive attitude. Increased efficiency by working collaboratively with cross-functional teams to
optimize customer service objectives. Enthusiastic personality suited for fast-paced, constantly changing environments.

SKILLS

e Adaptive team player e Time management
e Loss prevention e Friendly, positive attitude
e Dependable and reliable e Team building
e Materials transport © Reliable and trustworthy
¢ Product organization e Training & Development
« Communication © Multitasking

EXPERIENCE

Aviation Supply Specialist, 08/2017 - 08/2021
Concentrix — Mountain View, CA
* Validated and processed requisitions for new unit supplies.
e Arranged for disposal of expired, obsolete or damaged unit supplies.
¢ Designed organization system for purchase of non-aeronautical material items.
e Assisted coworkers with special projects to learn new tasks while gaining additional responsibilities.
« Communicated effectively with members of public in often crowded and noisy environments.
e Replenished inventory with focus on addressing customer needs.
e Examined packages and goods for damage and notified vendors of specific issues requiring replacement.
¢ Demonstrated great teamwork skills with staff members involved in production and transport.
e Kept detailed records of in stock inventory in the cages and lockers, diligently managing order availability and record accuracy.
* Reordered stock to replenish inventory without interruption to production

e Tracked inventory, conducted cycle counts and audits and resolved issues to maintain accurate records.

Customer Sales Representative, 08/2016 - 06/2017
Bead Emporium — City, STATE
e Advised customers on promotions, sales procedures and strategies for maximizing results from company products.
« Rendered ongoing support and account management to customers to maintain loyalty and continue revenue streams.
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Advised clients on which purchases to make and why based on needs.
¢ Reset store displays for special events and seasonal merchandise changes.
e Maintained well-stocked and organized sales floor with latest merchandise to drive sustained sales revenue.
¢ Provided every customer with comprehensive assistance upon entering store through merchandise selection and completion of purchases.

¢ Met with customers to offer assistance with selecting merchandise, finding accessories and completing purchases.

Customer Service Specialist Head Cashier, 10/2016 - 05/2017
Toys R Us — City, STATE
e Greeted customers and responded to informational requests.
e Handled customer complaints and concerns promptly, escalating complex issues to direct supervisor for quick resolution.
¢ Helped customer locate and select appropriate merchandise throughout store.
¢ Stayed up to date on current item discounts to support promotions.
¢ Processed efficient and accurate cash, check, debit, and credit card payments using Point-of-Sale system.
e Issued receipts, discussed return policies, and directed customers to pickup locations for larger merchandise.
¢ Monitored sales events, added new merchandise and rang up purchases.
e Scanned items quickly to keep lines moving and reduce overall wait time.
e Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.
* Observed company return policy when processing refunds, including inspecting merchandise for wear or damage.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
© Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.
e Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers and maintain satisfaction levels.
e Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
© Kept check-out areas clean, organized, and well-stocked to maintain attractive store.
e Assisted customers to find appropriate products, answered product questions and provided product solutions.
* Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find necessary store items.
e Distributed new merchandise efficiently to different departments.
© Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.
¢ Managed electronic product returns professionally and quickly to maintain customer satisfaction.
¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.

e Applied conversational Spanish abilities to connect with Latino individuals and better serve individual needs.

Carnival Clerk, 02/2015 - 09/2015
Newton Shows — City, STATE
e Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
e Assisted team members with special projects by coordinating records and resources to meet expected requirements.
© Delivered helpful and kind customer service to guests, maintaining composure in stressful situations to maximize customer satisfaction.

¢ Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Park University - Kansas City, MO
e Major in Psychology

e Minor in Criminal Justice

© 3.166 GPA
CERTIFICATIONS
© ECG Certified
© Licensed Cardiogram Technician
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Realized initiative in ongoing effort to boost camaraderie while supporting health and safety of fellow Marines.