SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and
positive attitude will make a difference. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management
and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while
facilitating company growth.

e Conducting risk assessments e Managing safety gear
e Personnel mentoring e Reviewing records
© AVIATION ORDNANCE STAFF-NCO 11/2020 to CURRENT

United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

e Prepared, planned for and coordinated execution of support missions to aid deployed forces and
individuals.

e Requisitioned, received, stored and documented unit equipment and supplies.

e Led operational planning teams to address field and base concerns with minimal delays.

e Tested, repaired and updated equipment systems and components to meet current and expected
demands.

e Monitored equipment during testing. simulations and live-fire exercises to detect operator errors or
system malfunctions.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

AVCATION ORDNANCE DIVISION CHIEF 11/2017 to 11/2020
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

e Directed the Ordnance Division, filling a Staff-Noncommissioned Officer billet as a Sergeant, of two
MV-22B squadrons in Okinawa, Japan.

e Inspected flight control panels during and after maintenance.

e Helped re-write ordnance storage and transportation procedures for the entire Indo-Pacific region.

e Assessed materials, parts and products for conformance with quality control requirements and
production specifications.

e Trained newly hired employees by explaining company procedures, job duties and performance
expectations as well as completed all appropriate documentation required to handle Class (V)
ordnance.

e Adhered to all safety protocols to minimize equipment damage and avoid injuries.

e Wrote detailed reports outlining performance, quality and defect rates.

e Inspected and repaired aircraft weapon systems to meet project expectations.

e Consulted with engineers to resolve quality, production and efficiency problems.

e Worked with engineers to facilitate research and development testing, correct mechanical failures and
generate technical specifications prior to release.

AVOTION ORDNANCE TECHNICIAN 12/2012 to 11/2017
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Claire

e Inventoried ammunition regularly and maintained detailed records.

e Coordinated safe explosives transportation with appropriate procedures and precautions to minimize
risk.

e Tracked modifications on weapons systems and monitored maintenance procedures to keep ordnance
current with requirements.

e Completed records of incidents, quality evaluations and ordnance losses incurred through various
means.

e Reported on trends, needs and deficiencies for ordinances in realm of responsibility.

e Worked effectively with fellow team members in fast-paced, dangerous and intense environments.

e Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories, and storage facilities.

e Maintained airborne weapons, aircraft guns, and targets and operated magazine sprinkler systems.

e Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including the safe
ttransportationand storage of ordnance in foreign countries and establishing of Forward Arming and
Refueling Points in both jungle and desert terrain.

CAOHIER/COOK'S ASSISTANT 05/2011 to 09/2012
McDonald's Restaurant | City, STATE

e Regulated oven, broiler and roaster operations for cooking at correct temperatures.

e Prepared food for service based on daily specials and chef's needs.

e Kept detailed records of food and supply inventory, ordering more or alerting chefs of deficiencies.

e Prepared variety of foods according to exact instructions and recipe specifications.

e Helped management stay on top of supply needs by sharing information about low or spoiled inventory.
e Adhered to all food safety and sanitation protocols to reduce germ spread.

e Cleaned and sanitized kitchen equipment, utensils, and work stations.

e Monitored temperatures of prepared food and cold-storage areas.

e Restocked cupboards, refrigerators and service stations with new food items or supplies.

High School Diploma 05/2012
Valley Center High School, Valley Center, KS

AsCociate of Arts | Business Management
Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC

e Effectively and efficiently filled a higher billet for 3 years before the required rank had been achieved.
« Received "Bravo Zulu" marks for excellence in attention to detail and time management in multiple
Quality Assurance led programs.