JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Industrious Aviation Ordnanceman proudly offering 20-year background in ammunition and weapons handling and servicing. Adept at
inspecting, maintaining and repairing electrical and mechanical systems on aircraft and stowing, loading and assembling aviation ammunition.
Energetic and hardworking with first-rate manual dexterity and above average competence with tools, equipment, and machinery. Organized
Production Control Manager seeking to leverage 10 years of production management expertise to add immediate value to the United States
Marine Corps. Proactive Production Control Manager applying best logistical practices to achieve project requirements within established
deadlines. Cooperates with other departments to deliver high-quality products to client. Speeds production schedule by motivating workers and

identifying improvement areas.
SKILLS
e Aircraft inspections ¢ Public speaking
« Ammunition loading e Interactive teaching/learning
e Aircraft recovery e Leadership
e Safety procedures e Goal-oriented
e Ammunition assembly e Issue and conflict resolution
e HAZMAT handling e Customer service
¢ Bomb and missile servicing © Working collaboratively
e First Aid/CPR ¢ Decision-making
e Training & Development © Work ethic
¢ Detailed instruction e Time management
¢ Curriculum planning and implementation © People skills
e Testing efficiencies e Team building
e Academic instruction * Coordination
EXPERIENCE

Aviation Ordnance Production Control Chief, 08/2016 - 03/2021
Uline, Inc. — Tarrytown, NY
e Tracked modifications on weapons systems and monitored maintenance procedures to keep ordnance systems current with requirements.
e Led daily meetings to establish and meet production deadlines.
* Prioritized and prepared production schedules and communicated production goals to team members.
e Reviewed production orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability.
e Understanding, supporting and implementing All Weapons Information System (AWIS) processes and procedures at the Marine Aviation
Group Level.
e Received recognition for assisting to review AWIS software beta test mock-ups for usability, capability and requirements coverage.
e Participated in Requirements Reviews and working groups.

Recruiter, 07/2013 - 07/2016
U.S Marine Corps — City, STATE
e Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.
e Planned and executed recruitment events to bring in area candidates.
* Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
e Built and leveraged professional network connections which provided continuous and relevant applicant sources across diverse industries
and experience levels.
« Communicated duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates, enabling better understanding of job
expectations.
e Shared information about Marine Corps training and job opportunities with school representatives, public officials and community liaisons.

e Trained and mentored newer recruiters in successful strategies for areas such as interviewing and qualifying candidates.

Aviation Ordnance Technician, 03/2001 - 04/2013
U.S. Marine Corps — City, STATE
e Followed exact procedures to assemble and maintain missiles and munitions.
e Inventoried ammunition regularly and maintained detailed records.
* Coordinated safe explosives transportation with appropriate procedures and precautions to minimize risk.
e Stowed, inspected, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition, including high explosive and inert ammunition.
© Worked effectively with fellow team members in fast-paced, dangerous and intense environments.
e Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories, and storage facilities.
e Serviced bombs, missiles and rockets and launched test devices.
¢ Provided training to ensure each personnel member was up to date on safety requirements and proper use of equipment.
e Maintained and assumed custody of assigned tools and support equipment.
e Transformed work area by increasing production, reducing tumover, eliminating waste and enhancing quality.
¢ Promoted employee safety awareness based on understanding of regulatory mandates and organizational best practices.
* Developed and implemented best practices for defect prevention and continuous improvement.
e Worked with engineers to facilitate research and development testing, correct mechanical failures and generate technical specifications
prior to release.
e Trained newly hired employees by explaining company procedures, job duties and performance expectations.
e Adhered to all safety protocols to minimize equipment damage and avoid injuries.
e Tutored students requiring additional instructional assistance after class.
e Conducted tests and quizzes to evaluate student progress with course material.
¢ Helped students meet diverse professional development goals.
e Evaluated students to uncover learning deficiencies and devise improvement plans.
¢ Developed engaging and informative lesson plans that incorporated multiple learning modalities to help students grasp complex concepts.
e Managed and organized class records and reports.
© Delivered training program courses to meet validated agency requirements.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/1998
Selma High School - Selma, CA