Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Enthusiastic individual eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and
SUMMARY excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of hard work and motivation and interested in self growth
aswell as growth in your buisness.

SKILLS ©  « Ammunition shipping and receiving e Customer service
« HAZMAT training e Organization
« Ammunition stowing e Team management
« Firearms handling e Project organization
« Technical order interpretation e AWSE equipment
« Sandblasting equipment disassembly « Communications
« Surface Preparation « Team building
e First Aid/CPR e Supervision

WORK HISTORY © AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN 06/2016 to CURRENT

Ecolab Inc. | Bakersfield, CA

e Handled and serviced weapons and ammunition carried on aircraft carriers.

e Worked closely with crew members in intense, quickly changing and dangerous environments.

e Prepared, reviewed, maintained and inspected compliance with directives and reports.

¢ Delivered mentorship to Junior sailors , aligning performance and encouraging career development.

e Maintained operations for aviation ordnance shops, armories. and storage facilities.

e Examined and checked over finished parts to assess compliance to specifications.

e Reviewed scenes to assess and identify issues and check for proper equipment usage in sandblasting

tasks.
e Placed parts on racks in enclosed rooms, into tumbling barrels or into cabinets to prepare for
sandblasting.
¢ Monitored employee safety and coached workers on safety standards and procedures to prevent
injuries.
TEOHNICAL SUPPORT REPRESENTATIVE 05/2015 to 03/2016

Ttm Technologies, Inc. | Forest Grove, OR

e Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.

e Created support documentation that empowered and enabled user community to extend skills, leverage
system features and find resolutions to questions without intervention from support team.

e Developed and tested new product offerings prior to release to assist development team in bug
identification.

e DUPE - Engaged end-users and answered questions via email, phone, website live chat and in forums.

e Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to
knowledge base.

e Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop systems.

e Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.

e Broke down and evaluated user problems, using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions.

e Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency.

e Submitted service tickets for equipment maintenance requests.

e Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first-level troubleshooting of technical processes to
support desk staff.

e Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.

e Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better
understanding.

e Delivered technical sales presentations to prospects and presented benefits and value of insurance
products.

e Followed up with clients to verify optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and
problem resolution.

e Loaded software, granted permissions and configured hardware for new employees as part of
onboarding process.

e Resolved issues with systems, hardware and telephones quickly and accurately.

e Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve
overall speed.

e Assessed, troubleshot and repaired various machines such as desktops, printers and sorters.

e Assisted customers in identifying issues and explained solutions to restore service and functionality.

e Collaborated with supervisors to escalate and address customer inquiries or technical issues.

e Identified and solved technical issues using variety of diagnostic tools and tactics.

e Evaluated and responded to incoming sales leads and requests for technical support assistance.

e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive
user experience.

e Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users through desk side support services.

e Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic
troubleshooting tasks.

e Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

e Assisted customers with product selection based on stated needs, proposed use and budget.

HéCIDYMAN 01/2012 to 05/2014
Freelance | City, STATE

« Performed minor wall repair to maintain walls, including installing drywall and repairing and applying
wallpaper.

e Performed basic electrical work and plumbing repairs such as installing new toilets, removing electrical
wires, unclogging drains and maintaining gutters.

« Performed basic landscaping tasks, such as mowing, snow plowing, gardening, pulling weeds and
watering lawns for [Number] square foot facility.

e Provided facility inspection and maintenance to achieve superior levels of cleanliness and upkeep.

« Finalized work on building systems by completing basic carpentry and other finish work.

« Reduced opportunities for theft and trespassers by securing all entrances and exits.

« Tossed all outdoor debris. including yard clippings into receptacles to properly maintain grounds.

« Completed partial or full dismantling of equipment to quickly repair or replace defective components and
restore functionality.

« Sanitized restrooms using such chemicals as ammonia to reduce spread of germs.

« Maintained restroom functionality by repairing leaking faucets, clogged toilets and other equipment.

« Cleaned and maintained both interior and exterior of building.

e« Prepared for new painting by removing previous materials with seam-cleaning, sandblasting, scraping
and sanding.

e« Removed and repaired carpet and wood flooring.

EDUCATION () GED 02/2014

Adult Education Center of Palm Beach, West Palm Beach, FL