PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY <

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL ©

INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned aviation maintenance supervisor, bringing demonstrated safety management and performance
optimization skills gained during experience in high stress and fast-paced settings. Deliver in-depth training
and mentoring to help each improve abilities and advance work quality. Dependable, hardworking and level-
headed in addressing diverse problems.

Supervised team of 10-60 staff members.
Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.
Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

Knowledge of aircraft hardware and materials e Project Management
and processes. e Inventory oversight
Military maintenance requirements e Strategic planning
Basic print reading skills and layout skills « Staff Management
Strong communication Training and mentoring
Teambuilding Multitasking and Prioritization
Customer service Project Tracking
Critical thinking Attention to Detail
Microsoft Office Data Verification
Planning and Coordination Decision Making
Adaptability Self-Starter

Flexible & Adaptable
Maintenance & Repair
Data management
Collaboration

Quality assurance controls
Incidents management

Data Compilation
Records Management
Microsoft Excel

Ability to catch errors
Accurate

Excellent grammar

e Continuous improvements Good telephone etiquette
e Priority management MS Office
¢ Team Building
>) AVIATION MACHINIST'S MATE 11/2006 to CURRENT

Bluechip Pros | Toledo, OH

SLOERVISOR

Disassembled, repaired and replaced components in aircraft's body or engine.

Performed ground checks and assisted functional check pilots with in-flight functional check
procedures.

Used technical data to diagnose and solve maintenance problems on aircraft systems.
Performed aircraft structural repairs as related to sheet metal and composite structures.
Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.

Completed average of thirty work orders each day.

Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness.
prevention and safety at all times.

Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines. rotors, gearboxes,
transmissions and mechanical flight controls.

Documented all inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS.
Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.
Coordinated and distributed exposure and contamination control procedures.

Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.

Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging in problem-solving
activities to support teamwork.

11/2006 to CURRENT

Kaiser Permanente | Woodland Hills, CA

PCAY SOMNOGRAPHIC TECHNOLOGIST

Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays
due to hazards or inefficient layouts.

Developed training. task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to
employees.

Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.

Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize
workflows.

Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.
Monitored workshop work flow for over 50 employees.

Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.

Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

Analyzed equipment breakdowns using various troubleshooting methods.

Supported safety officer to enforce regulations, laws and established policies throughout operational
stages.

Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

Performed annual evaluations and reviews for large staff of employees.

Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.

Mentored newly hired employees on operating equipment and safety and developed training manual to
use for reference.

08/2004 to 12/2005

Sleep Studies, LLC | City, STATE

Explained study procedures. findings and diagnoses to patients to promote understanding of disorders
and recommended treatments.

Documented routine observations to facilitate scoring and interpretation of polysomnographic results.
Followed “lights on” procedures to verify integrity of collected data.

Prepared detailed reports of findings and offered insights to aid in diagnosis of disorders.

Studied polysomnograms to recognize abnormal respiratory patterns and arrhythmias.

Applied electrodes and sensors to 2 patients per night.

Operated closed-circuit television cameras to record patient sleep activities and observe patient during
tests.

Operated polysomnography equipment to record electrical activity of brain waves and other
physiological variables.

Selected and calibrated appropriate equipment for testing to make adjustments and verify proper
functioning.

Gathered, documented and tracked test results for physician interpretation.

Summarized technical data to assist physicians to diagnose brain, sleep or nervous system disorders.
Attached electrodes to patients using adhesives.

Helped to complete procedures such as EEGs, PSGs and NCSs.

Monitored patients during tests or surgeries using electroencephalographs (EEG), evoked potential
(EP) instruments or video recording equipment.

Bachelor of Science | Computational Science
University of Maryland - University College, Hyattsville, MD

| work efficiently and accurately in any situation and adapt to my current settings and situations to
successfully accomplish my goals. | am a critical thinker with a creative mind who is very observant and
meticulous.