ROBERT SMITH

Aviation Operations Specialist - Temp
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Aviation Operations Specialist, proficient in tactful communication and negotiation
with representatives from a variety of industries and cultures, Extremay well
versed in personnel management, training, and operational duties. Looking
forward to work in a creative environment where the knowledge can be best
utilized and can add value to the work.

SEPTEMBER 2013 - MAY 2014
AVIATION OPERATIONS SPECIALIST - TEMP - ABC CORPORATION

Responsible for preparing and providing flight information such as NOTAMs and
weather reports for the daily operations of hellcopter missions.

Coordinated with pilots and crews over a variety of radios to ensure the proper
accountability of aviation assets.

Conducted monthly Inspections of sensitive and non-sensitiveitems such as
radios, weapons, night vision devices, tents, and vehicles,

* Kept accurate flight Information to keep mission operations safe and efficient.
* Process local and crosscountry flight clearances,
* Coordinate flight plans and kept flight logs on incoming and outgoing flights.
* Activated crash plan in the event of an emergency.

2010 - 2013

AVIATION OPERATIONS SPECIALIST - ABC CORPORATION

Member of a follrperson team responsible for maintaining Flight Hour Records
for over 100 rated and non-rated flight crew members,

Performed dutles as a Radio Telephone Operator respondble for tracking aircraft
location and missions,

Extensdve experience in the use of Force Battle Command Brigade and Baow,
Command Post of the Future and Microsoft Office Responsible for conducting
clear communications to aircrews in-flight raaying timely and accurate
information,

Received orders from higher command to be relayed to aircrews in order to
build an accurate Understanding of the battlefield and mission requirements,
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description rdevant to your
current role.

Thisis Dummy Description data, Replace with job description rdevant to your
current role.

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with Job description rdevant to your
current role.

© Ths free Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume.com. Usage Guidelines