SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Skilled Boatswain's Mate with extensive and dedicated service in the United States Navy. Brings expert
knowledge of marine operations, maintenance requirements and cargo handling. Accomplished in maintaining
team and vessel safety and expertly responding to emergencies. Organized and motivated employee eager to
apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to
expand skills while facilitating company growth.

« Safety equipment e Sheave damper and arresting gear engine

« Heavy equipment management device proficiency

« Safety management e Marine safety procedures

« Sensors « Deck and boat seamanship

e Engine and winch operation e Regulation compliance

« Ship terminology e Maintenance report reading and interpretation
« Ship navigation e flight deck machinery maintenance

« Engine operations e Proficient with tools

« Marine craft operation « arresting gear engine/sheave damper/topside
« Vessel security and maintenance troubleshooting experience

e Fluent in Spanish
e Maintenance blueprinting

© AVIATION BOATSWAIN'S MATE, EQUIPMENT 10/2018 to CURRENT

Major Food Group | Miami, FL

e Prepared for underway operations by repairing, maintaining and stowing equipment.

¢ Trained and supervised personnel handling shipboard maintenance functions.

e« Responded to onboard operational and medical emergencies with calm, level-headed approach.

« Adhered to all safety protocols, including assessing weather variables to promote passenger and vessel
Safety.

e Used troubleshooting methods to identify issues with mechanical tools.

¢ Followed all marine regulations applicable to planned route locations.

e« Used measuring tools such as depth gauges to verify safety of planned navigational routes.

e Maintained peak performance in varying conditions and researched weather, wind, current and tide
conditions to avoid and manage issues.

¢ Stood watch to manage operating conditions and handle risks arising during deployment voyages.

e Performed various marine duties such as checking for oil spills and other pollutants around ports,
harbors and beaches.

¢« Oversaw ship operations during travel and kept watch for hazards.

« Inspected equipment and completed basic repairs to maintain safety and efficiency of each trip.

e Adhered to safety protocols when launching, operating and landing large marine craft to protect crew,
equipment and vessels.

« Created nautical maps and provided assistance in maritime rescue operations.

e Eliminated machine defects by recommending operational adjustments.

e Trained crew members on medical emergencies.

« Mentored and coached junior staff members by giving positive feedback and constructive criticism.

« Conducted research to test and analyze equipment and system feasibility, design, operation and
performance.

« Read gauges to verify sufficient levels of hydraulic fluid, air pressure and oxygen.

« Tested, repaired and updated equipment systems and components to meet current and expected
demands.

¢« Monitored equipment during testing. simulations and live-fire exercises to detect operator errors or
system malfunctions.

e« Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e reason for leaving: looking for better and long term opportunities as a civilian

SACES /FRONT DESK MANAGER 02/2017 to 09/2018
Prime Inc. | Pittston, PA

e Oversaw cash and credit card payment transactions at the front desk.

e Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.

e Corrected guest issues promptly with knowledgeable and friendly service.

e Replied to telephone, email and in-person inquiries regarding guest concerns.

e Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.

e Mentored new staff on correct procedures, compliance requirements and performance strategies.

e Managed tasks and responsibilities for front office employees when the team was understaffed.

e Developed lasting relationships with guests that built loyalty and drove in revenue.

e Addressed and welcomed large volume of guests to business per day. improving overall customer
service and engagement.

e Arranged special accommodations for guests to maintain optimal satisfaction.

e Maintained accurate bookkeeping of important files and ran reports and delivered updates on
occupancy and revenues to supervisor.

e reason for leaving: shipped off to basic training in great lakes, Illinois

SCS CHEF 04/2016 to 03/2018
Savory Filipino Restaurant | City, STATE

e Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.

e Supervised all kitchen food preparation in demanding, high-volume environment.

e Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.

e Helped staff adhere to tough restaurant requirements through practical discipline and motivation.

e Conducted frequent line checks to keep food at proper temperatures in holding zones.

¢ Maintained highest food quality standards regarding food inventory procedures, food storage and
rotation.

e reason for leaving: balancing college and 2 jobs was starting to become difficult

LICE COOK 10/2015 to 03/2016
Cilantros Mexican Restaurant | City, STATE

e Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.

e Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.

e Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct food temperature for high scores on
health inspections.

e Maintained hygienic kitchen by regularly mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing all utensils and
glassware.

e Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.

e Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

e Marinated food items according to corporate-provided instructions and recipes.

e Precooked garnishes for later use to top off fresh dishes.

e Cooked multiple orders simultaneously during busy periods.

e Mentored and trained staff by teaching cooking skills and kitchen maintenance, improving overall quality
and performance.

e reason for leaving: was searching for a more flexible schedule while going to college

High School Diploma 05/2015
EIk Grove High School, Elk Grove, CA

« volunteering at YMCA and ASPCA
¢ Captain of the forwards - Elk grove rugby

Sa ramento City College, Sacramento, CA