JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical problem-solving
skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires and providing customized
solutions to build loyalty.

Reliable Packager with experience packing merchandise and checking orders. Team-oriented and efficient with success in accomplishing
production goals. Proven skills in organizing, maintaining workspaces and solving problems with minimal direction.

Experienced Aviation Sailor with 3 years of knowledge and the ability to clean, repair and maintain F/A-18 aircraft. Accustomed to working
in all conditions, remaining calm and composed. Consistently demonstrates exceptional quality service, teamwork and decision-making
talents.

SKILLS

e Military maintenance requirements ¢ Good listening skills
« Knowledge of aircraft hardware and materials and processes. © Occupational Safety
e Strong communication ¢ Conflict Resolution
« Customer Service ¢ Troubleshooting
« Leadership e Maintenance & Repair
¢ Detail-oriented ® Critical thinking
« Teambuilding © Food Preparation
¢ Organization and Time management e Drawer management and Cash Register systems
¢ Self-motivated professional © Cleaning and sanitizing
e Adaptability

Work HisTory

Aviation Machinists Mate, 04/2018 - Current
Henkel — Miami, FL
e Preformed tasks to maintain and repair aircraft engines and fuel systems.
¢ Preformed fuel samples to ensure no contaminants were in the aircrafts’ fuel.
¢ Performed flight line functions including preflight and postflight requirements.
e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.
¢ Completed all paperwork requirements for each task, including recording maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.
e Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment.
e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.
e Maintained aircraft equipment and tools to achieve operational readiness, safety and cleanliness.
¢ Directed pilots during the launching and landing of their aircraft on the flight line/flight deck.
e Cleaned and preformed daily maintainance as well as kept aircraft in order.
e Participated in hundreds of FOD (foreign object damage) walkdowns to maintain safety on the flight line/flight deck.
¢ Worked flexible and long hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

Packer, 01/2018 - 04/2018
Maverik — Spring Creek, NV
¢ Protected materials for transport by correctly packaging products boxes and crates.
« Conducted in-depth inspections of outgoing shipments to support quality assurance goals.
e Inspected outgoing shipments to verify accuracy and prevent errors.
¢ Promoted delivery efficiency by accurately labeling and organizing containers.
e Kept records accurate and current by documenting all movements in company system.
e Checked packing slips and other documentation to appropriately box items requested by clientele.
¢ Willingly took on extra hours and shifts during busy periods to meet tight shipping deadlines.
¢ Quickly and properly wrapped and boxed flowers and foliage items, maintaining uniformity to meet fulfillment targets.
e Reviewed orders by inspecting labeling. packaging and contents.

Team Member, 01/2017 - 01/2018
Vail Resorts — Colorado Springs, CO
e Learned the cash register, food preparation, and making orders in order to provide skilled backup for diverse roles.
¢ Wrapped and packed perishable food and placed in boxes/bags based on quality and quantity.
e Pursued learning opportunities to advance knowledge and take on leadership position.
¢ Used proper handling and preservation methods while packaging and storing food products.
e Maintained clean, trash-free workspaces to maximize productivity and safety.
e Used downtimes to prepare ingredients and restock supplies for expected busy periods.
¢ Measured, mixed and cooked ingredients properly in alignment with nutritional restrictions.
¢ Followed food preparation and storage guidelines established by Health Department.
e Prevented food spoilage by monitoring dates, rotating stock and following proper storage procedures.
e Organized, arranged, and re-stocked the "line"(food prep) station.
e Answered questions about store policies and concerns to support positive customer experiences.
¢ Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions.
¢ Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.
¢ Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.

Hostess, 10/2016 - 01/2017
Hibachi Grill — City, STATE
¢ Cultivated positive guest relations by managing information and orchestrating speedy seating.
e Answered customer questions about hours, seating, food items, allergens, etc.
e Assigned patrons to tables suitable for needs and restaurant section rotation.
e Took reservations and to-go orders by phone, answered customer questions and informed of accurate wait times.
¢ Helped waitresses by taking drink orders, seating and answering any questions patrons may have.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 06/2017
West Deptford High School - West Deptford, NJ

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Certified Aviation Machinists’ Mate, US Navy - 3 Years