JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Wessrrte, Portro.rio, PROFILES

¢ https://www._linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-7b405424a/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical problem-solving
skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires, ad providing customized
solutions to build loyalty. Professional Aviation Ordnanceman boasting 7-year career assisting in flight preparation by performing upload and
downloading of ordinance. Excellent active listener with outstanding time management and organizational skills. In-depth knowledge of
various weapons and ammunition. Adept at performing duties with deployed squadrons, static bases and in training situations.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SKILLS
« Customer Feedback © Proofreading
« Employee Relationships ¢ Patient Charting
« Compliance Regulations e Performance Improvement
e Customer Satisfaction e Phone Calls
e Issue Resolution e Professional And Mature
« Courteous with Strong Service Mindset e Word Processing
« Data Entry and Maintenance e Report Development
¢ Understanding Customer Needs e Maintains Confidentiality
Work History

09/2015 to 12/2022 Aviation Ordnanceman

Giant Eagle, Inc. — Virginia Beach, VA

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

e Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

¢ Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

e Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-up.

e Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.

e Adhered to company policies and scripts to consistently achieve call-time and quality standards.

© Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

« Promptly responded to inquiries and requests from prospective customers.

¢ Managed timely and effective replacement of damaged or missing products.

e Trained staff on operating procedures and company services.

e Facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support.

01/2014 to 09/2015 Store Clerk

Fleetcor — Great Barrington, MA

e Assisted customer by locating items, processing payments and carrying out heavy purchases.

e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.

e Alternated goods in inventory by observing first-in and first-out approach to keep shelves organized and properly
stocked.

e Performed inventory control, such as counting and stocking merchandise.

e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.

¢ Managed pricing issues, removal of damaged products and placing special orders for customers.

e Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns.

e Resolved complaints by providing knowledgeable, quick service to meet any need and promote loyalty.

02/2012 to 12/2013 Customer Service Associate

EpucaTION

05/2013

Guidos — Great Barrington, MA

e Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.

e Informed customers about special promotions and provided detailed information for various products.

¢ Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times.

e Improved customer satisfaction ratings by addressing issues and fostering timely resolution.

e Maintained clean personal appearance, modeled store's outfits when working clothing department settings and wore
uniforms per company policy.

© Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

¢ Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

e Assisted customers with setting appointments. special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-up.

e¢ Communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability, future inventory and special orders.

e Welcomed, greeted and assisted guests in high-traffic store, generating $92,745 of dollars in business

High School Diploma
Monument Mt Regional High School - Great Barrington, MA