Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Talented administrative professional who goes above and beyond basic administrative tasks and takes on multiple projects at once.
Excellent work ethic and strength in boosting morale.

Skills
¢ Quick learner e Professional demeanor
¢ Highly organized ¢ Strong communication skills
e Attention to detail ¢ Excellent interpersonal skills
e Flexible schedule e Exceptional customer service
Work History

Aviation Maintenance Administrationman, 11/2015 to Current
United States Navy
As an Aviation Maintenance Administrationman I performed technical, managerial, and supported duties required by the Naval
Aviation Maintenance Program. Prepared aircraft and maintenance related correspondence.
¢ Maintained directive control and custody records, control forms, and reporting requirements.
e Planned, programmed, and coordinated schedule and unscheduled maintenance tasks and the incorporation of changes
and modifications on and to the aircraft, aeronautical equipment and support equipment.
¢ Coordinated squadron and activity maintenance reporting requirements and recommended changes to maintenance
policies and procedures.
e Organized, maintained and operated Navy Aeronautical Technical Publications Library.
¢ Managed dispersed libraries.
e Audited and trained dispersed libraries.
e Operated the Naval Aviation Logistics Command Management Information System (NALCOMIS).
¢ Input, verified and validated data pertaining to the history, operation, maintenance, configuration, receipt, and transfer
of naval aircraft, related aeronautical equipment, and components installed on those equipment.
¢ Maintained operations department flight data historical files and aviator data.
e Setup and administered basic Local Area Networks (LAN) in support of detachment processing.
¢ Liaised with shore Information Technology personnel for LAN support for NALCOLMIS.
e Maintained data integrity between operations and maintenance departments.
¢ Managed NALCOMIS hardware and software upgrades.

¢ Provided support and assistance to organizational staff areas.

Airman Professional Apprenticeship Track, 07/2013 to 11/2015
United States Navy
e Performed apprenticeship duties required in the operation of naval activities.
e Assisted in maintenance of aircraft and associated aeronautical equipment.
¢ Serviced and cleaned aircraft.
e Assisted in aircraft handling.
¢ Tool Room Representative
¢ Managed over 22 million dollars worth of hazardous material, tools, and maintenance gear.
¢ Inventoried all tool room tools, gear and hazardous material; to ensure each piece was 100% ready for maintenance use
everyday.
¢ Inspected over 233 pieces of hazardous material weekly checking for valid expiration dates, proper storage and Material
Safety Data Sheets.

Education

Associate of Science: Entrepreneurship and Small Business Management, Current
Coastline Community College - 11460 Warner Avenue, Fountain Valley, CA 92708