JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished Operations Specialist bringing 2 1/2 years of proven administrative expertise, including United States Marine Corps regulations
and procedures. Strong prioritization, planning and critical thinking skills to multitask in fast-paced settings. Highly organized, diligent and
adaptable to dynamic needs. Eager to learn and grow in the civilian world, work with new people and share my skills from my past.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Went through the hardest Military Training at Parris Island South Carolina.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop training tracking spreadsheets.

« Communications Skills are well on point due to my work ethics, working with so many Marines, Telephone calls, emails.

e Time Management as I can prioritize to get the important jobs first, and manage to task others to get what needs to be done.

SKILLS

e Excellent work ethic © Flexible & Adaptable
¢ Verbal and written communication e Customer assistance
* Organization e Cleaning procedures
* Microsoft Office e Time management skills
¢ Keyboarding skills ¢ Money handling
¢ Office administration e Coaching and mentoring
e Organization and Time management e Cleaning and sanitizing
e Assessing risks e Cash Handling
e Identifying hazards e Cash register skills
¢ Safety guidelines e Written and verbal communication
¢ Briefing leadership © Decisiveness
¢ Computer skills e Initiative
¢ Critical thinking Integrity
¢ Good listening skills e Endurance
e Customer Service

Work HIsToRy

Aviation Operations Specialist, 07/2018 - 01/2021
Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises — Tinley Park, IL
¢ Prepared and distributed team-based communications to foster collaboration and enhance team morale.
* Composed internal memos and external correspondence for senior management and reviewed all documentation to eliminate errors.
¢ Sorted, opened and routed incoming correspondence and deliveries to help senior leaders respond quickly to business and customer
requirements.
¢ Created and updated physical records and digital files to maintain current, accurate and compliant documentation.
* Created welcoming environment for customer by greeting and assisting, as well as quickly responding to customer inquiries and needs.
e Performed clerical work such as sorting mail, restocking supplies and typing documents.
e Handled equipment, chemicals and materials properly and with caution.
e Used time management and efficient cleaning methods to meet deadlines.
e Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.
* Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.
* Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.
* Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly and monthly reporting.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

« Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business processes.

Server, 06/2017 - 02/2018
Howley Bread Group — Newington, CT
¢ Kept work areas clean and neat at all times.
* Communicated with kitchen staff to complete orders quickly.
e Kept work and food areas pristine to meet presentation and food safety requirements.
¢ Kept work areas clean, neat and free of safety hazards.
¢ Prepped food items for later use to save staff time during busy hours.
e Alerted customers that food orders were ready for pick-up by [Action].
e Answered questions regarding menu items and suggested drinks exceeding guest expectations.
e Restocked napkins, plates, and straws, as well as beverages.
e Prepared beverages and filled food orders for customers.
¢ Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options.
e Explained menu options and efficiently took orders to keep line moving.
e Addressed guest concerns and complaints quickly and thoroughly to promote satisfaction.

Manager, 08/2015 - 04/2016
Handel's Homemade Ice Cream & Yogurt — City, STATE
e Demonstrated new products, procedures and techniques to employees.
e Trained new employees in specific job requirements.
¢ Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty, satisfaction and sales numbers.
* Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash and credit purchases or refunds.
e Restocked, arranged and organized merchandise in front lanes to drive product sales.
* Counted cash in register drawer at beginning and end of shift.
e Maintained cleanliness and organization in all areas of establishment.
¢ Processed sales transactions, including cash, debit and credit.
¢ Monitored amounts of all ice cream flavors and replaced when depleted.
¢ Offered samples of new ice cream flavors to customers.
* Maintained menu knowledge to provide recommendations and answers to customers’ questions.
e Served customers of all ages with speed and efficiency, keeping team running smoothly.
¢ Helped patrons decide which flavor to choose, supporting dietary restrictions and personal preferences with ease.
¢ Carefully scooped ice cream into cones and dishes, focusing on proportions and presentation.
¢ Regularly cleaned and maintained soft-serve ice cream and yogurt dispensing equipment.
e Explained ice cream flavors, toppings. sundaes and other frozen concoctions to customers.

e Greeted incoming customers and provided friendly customer service.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 06/2018
West High School - Torrance, CA