JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Experienced individual with over 2 years of experience in warehouse industry. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving
customer satisfaction. Dedicated transportation security officer with excellent time management and organizational abilities backed by
disciplined nature and strong communication skills.

SKILLS
e Team worker-able to build friendly relations and easily e Experience in logistics field
communicate with coworkers and customers e Customer service and assistance
e Bilingual (Spanish) © Superb surveillance skills
e Experience in management and administrative positions e Safety and security
« MS Windows proficient e Security camera monitoring

¢ Intimately familiar with standard warehouse safety procedures

* Strong professional communication skills, including written and
verbal

EXPERIENCE

Aviation Security Officer, 11/2021 - Current
Allied Universal Security — Manchester, CT
¢ Conducted bag searches and performed pat-downs of passengers to maintain secure, safe premises.
e Identified potential airport, rail and mass transit security concerns and completed more in-depth checks as part of investigation.
e Engaged in casual conversations with individuals to assess and analyze behaviors.
¢ Collaborated with area law enforcement and federal investigators to support safe fugitive apprehensions and coordinate investigations.
e Identified and challenged potentially unauthorized individuals for screening and detention in order to prevent access to restricted areas.
¢ Safeguarded transportation operations at commercial airports and railway stations.
¢ Performed deep searches and pat-downs to look for unauthorized materials and items such as weapons.

Warehouse Agent, 05/2018 - 09/2018
Dhl — Tampa, FL
e Checked packages and merchandise for damage and quickly notified vendors to request replacements.
e Inspected work areas for cleanliness and obstacles and removed cartons and boxes to keep work areas organized and hazard-free.
e Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to vendors to obtain
replacements or refunds.
e Inspected incoming and outgoing shipments to verify accuracy and prevent errors.
¢ Verified quantity and description of materials recerved by checking merchandise against packing list.
* Checked packages and merchandise for damage and notified vendors.
¢ Completed daily cycle counts and quarterly inventories and resolved variances to maintain data accuracy.
e Entered quantity received against purchase order in computer system.
e Assembled orders and packed items for shipment, conveying orders to shipping personnel.
e Shipped material and performed boxing, packing, labeling and preparation of related documents.
* Operated pallet jacks and material moving equipment to receive and transport items from various warehouse locations.
e Wrapped pallets in shrink wrap prior to loading.
* Identified inadequate materials and faulty equipment and brought to supervisors' attention.
e Cleaned and maintained warehouse in compliance with OSHA safety standards.

Warehouse Lead, 09/2016 - 09/2017
Beyond Meat — Philadelphia, PA
* Coordinated daily work strategies, following oral and written instructions to properly move and ship products.
© Prepared pallets of boxes for easy transportation between customer and storage locations.
e Shipped material and performed boxing, packing, labeling and preparation of any related documents.
* Oversaw daily operations and shipping and handling processes.
¢ Kept storage areas organized, clean and secure to fully protect company assets.
* Delivered updates on anticipated task completion times.
¢ Followed verbal and written instructions to properly move and ship products.
* Double checked records, daily reports and inventory transactions to identify and correct variances.
* Loaded, unloaded and sorted cargo as part of accurate and efficient weekly shipments.
e Supervised warehouse operations by managing employees during shifts.
« Managed day-to-day operations of warehouse, freight and parcel shipments, returns and transfers.
e Removed debris and hazardous materials from packing area to avoid contamination.
* Oversaw warehouse staff and maintained efficiency in fast-paced environment.

e Listened closely during team meetings to gain complete understanding of duties required for each shift, completing priority tasks first.

Security Guard, 08/2015 - 02/2016
Good Shepherd Hospice — Garden City, NY
¢ Inspected and adjusted security systems, equipment and machinery to gain better overall coverage of parking lots and interior and exterior
of buildings.
e Analyzed and produced course-of-action reports and escalated issues to management when necessary.
e Completed Daily reports by recording observations and occurrences and interviewing witnesses following serious incidents.
e Answered alarms, investigated disturbances and contacted law enforcement personnel to escalate crises.
e Secured premises and personnel by patrolling property and monitoring surveillance equipment.
¢ Worked independently and collaboratively to resolve urgent issues to protect lives and property.
e Secured personal and company goods against robbery, vandalism and illegal entry.
e Reviewed camera and system feeds and alerted proper respondents regarding discrepancies.
© Watched different facility areas from central location via different CCTV feeds, obtaining maximum coverage of important areas.
* Remained calm, assertive and mindful to think critically and problem solve during stressful situations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma : General Studies, 2011
Leuzinger High School - Lawndale, CA