WEBSITE, PORTFOLIO,
PROFILES

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« = https:/www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-7b405424a/

Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening
and analytical problem-solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented
behaviors, understanding customer desires, ad providing customized solutions to build loyalty. Professional
Aviation Ordnanceman boasting 7-year career assisting in flight preparation by performing upload and
downloading of ordinance. Excellent active listener with outstanding time management and organizational
skills. In-depth knowledge of various weapons and ammunition. Adept at performing duties with deployed
squadrons, static bases and in training situations.

e Service Quality « Issue Resolution
e Customer Feedback ¢ Training Exercises
e Training Procedures e Shift Work
¢ Employee Relationships ¢ Courteous with Strong Service Mindset
¢ Compliance Regulations ¢ Data Entry and Maintenance
e Customer Satisfaction ¢ Understanding Customer Needs
© AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN 09/2015 to 12/2022

Giant Eagle, Inc. | Hilliard, OH Virginia Beach, VA

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
needs and resolving concerns.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

e Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

e Assisted customers with setting appointments. special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-
up.

e Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.

e Adhered to company policies and scripts to consistently achieve call-time and quality standards.

e Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of
products and services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

e Promptly responded to inquiries and requests from prospective customers.

e Managed timely and effective replacement of damaged or missing products.

e Trained staff on operating procedures and company services.

e Facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support.

STORE CLERK

Firehouse Subs | Centreville, VA Great Barrington, MA

01/2014 to 09/2015

e Assisted customer by locating items, processing payments and carrying out heavy purchases.

e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.

e Alternated goods in inventory by observing first-in and first-out approach to keep shelves organized
and properly stocked.

e Performed inventory control, such as counting and stocking merchandise.

e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable
assistance.

e Managed pricing issues, removal of damaged products and placing special orders for customers.

e Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns.

e Resolved complaints by providing knowledgeable, quick service to meet any need and promote loyalty.

CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE
Guidos | City, STATE Great Barrington, MA

02/2012 to 12/2013

« Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.

e« Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
needs and resolving concerns.

e Informed customers about special promotions and provided detailed information for various products.

e Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times.

« Improved customer satisfaction ratings by addressing issues and fostering timely resolution.

e« Maintained clean personal appearance, modeled store's outfits when working clothing department
settings and wore uniforms per company policy.

e Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client
relationships.

e« Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

e« Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

« Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-
up.

« Communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability, future inventory and special orders.

« Welcomed, greeted and assisted guests in high-traffic store, generating $92,745 of dollars in business

High School Diploma 05/2013

Monument Mt Regional High School, Great Barrington, MA