SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Currently, A supervisor in the United States Navy as a Lead Aviation Structural Mechanic and Tool Control
Program Manager, with a secret security clearance. Presently, pursing a bachelor’s degree in Cyber Security
at Saint Leo University.

« Guest services e Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures e« Cash register operations
« Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
© AVIATION STRUCTUAL MECHANIC EGRESS 06/2017 to CURRENT

Tufts University | Taunton, MA

« Work center supervisor of the Aviation structural mechanic work center and Tool Control Program
Manager.

e« Account for, train, and led 83 personnel to excellence in over 22 different licenses, certifications, and
qualifications.

« Maintained and inspected more than 1600 maintenance evolutions, which led to 72 F/A-18 Aircraft
being in direct support of qualifying 832 fleet replacement aircrew.

« Completed 677 missing, broken. and lost tool reports with zero discrepancies, while managing over
3,400 tools, valued over 160K, in which was reflected in 100% accountability and zero inspection hits
during the 2021 Maintenance Program Assessment.

« Performed daily postflight and preflight inspections.

e Inspected, removed and replaced components of hydraulic systems and replaced gaskets and wipers in
hydraulic components.

e« Maintained various aircraft systems, including air conditioning, cabin and cockpit heat and
pressurization and ventilation.

« Tracked repair and maintenance activities with daily log updates and thorough reports.

e Serviced all types of aircraft systems, including brakes, air handling and electrical.

« Completed daily inspections of each aircraft to check flight readiness.

e Installed and rigged ejection seats. shoulder harnesses, lap belts and face-curtain mechanisms.

« Executed corrosion control and inspection duties with minimal supervision.

e Effectively cut costs by troubleshooting systems and reducing black box replacement maintenance.

NZOAL SECURITY FORCES 11/2018 to 02/2020
Amita Health | Tulsa, OK

e Detected and reported unauthorized personnel and activities.

e Applied extensive training in law enforcement and combat tactics to protect stateside and international
bases.

e Patrolled via motorized vehicles, all-terrain vehicles and walking.

e Answered non-emergency and emergency calls for assistance.

e Organized, processed and disseminated information via two-way radio.

e Operated speed measuring, drug and alcohol and breath test devices to promote driving safety.

e Provided oversight, guidance and assistance to commanders with industrial security programs.

e Conducted operations using various light and heavy infantry weapons and tactics.

e Cared for personnel in medical trauma situations as first-response to emergencies.

e Prepared incident and complaint reports, desk blotters and other related local correspondence in
Department of Defense database.

PEQRMACY TECHNICIAN 02/2014 to 06/2017
Walgreens | City, STATE

e Consult, assist, and fill/refill controlled and over-the-counter medications for patients

e Conducted 4 semi-annual audits, ensuring 100 percent accurate count on controlled inventory

e Engaged and resolved over 1200 insurance billing issues, which led to our pharmacy being recognized
as the most time sensitive pharmacy in Georgia's eastern region when distributing prescriptions.

e Teamed with peers, technicians and pharmacists to prioritize and complete orders.

e Created new customer profiles and updated demographics, allergies and new medications in pharmacy
computer systems.

e Assisted pharmacist with clearing high volume of prescriptions and responded to customer questions.

e Inspected medication storage locations to monitor drug expiration dates and supply adequate inventory.

e Received and verified daily incoming drug inventories, reported discrepancies and logged items into
inventory system.

e Prepared prescription transfers to other pharmacies.

e Cross-promoted supplement and nutritional products to maximize add-on sales.

e Used 8-point check system to verify labeled prescriptions.

e Maintained strict patient confidentiality to adhere to HIPAA regulations and avoid data compromises.

e Verified patients' identities at pickup to prevent sale of wrong medications.

e Maintained clean and organized pharmacy shelving and work areas.

e Efficiently processed cash register transactions for new and refilled prescription orders.

e Adhered to regulatory guidelines for workplace safety and customer confidentiality.

e Consulted with customers via telephone or in-person to assist with navigating pharmacy systems and
completing requests.

e Prepared pricing and instruction labels for placement on prescriptions.

e Closely inspected medications to determine accuracy of identities, strengths and purities.

e Processed prescription transfer requests from competitors.

e Educated patients on prescription instructions and answered questions regarding drug side effects.

e Requested scripts from doctors and verified insurance and coding.

e Merchandised related products to drive pharmacy department sales.

CLOIMS ADJUSTER 06/2013 to 11/2016
Adjuster Resource | City, STATE

e Adhered to company and insurance client's guidelines in claims processes, estimate writing and claim
closures.

e Recommended settlement offers and negotiated payment arrangements.

« Conducted interviews, gathered detailed information and completed field investigations.

e« Obtained necessary information to complete proper evaluation of injury claims.

« Drafted statement of loss to summarize damages, payments and underlying policy coverage.

« Completed required investigations on referred files within established timeframes.

e Identified and collected evidence and determined value to specific claim to properly assess conditions.

e Analyzed first reports of loss and underlying file material to determine if claim was suspect.

« Contacted injured parties and legal representatives to negotiate final settlements for claims.

e Investigated potentially fraudulent claims with focus on thoroughness, quality and cost control.

e Reduced loss ratios through fair and prompt processing of claims.

« Conducted claim and estimate re-inspections.

e« Kept up-to-date on changes in regulations for deductibles and collections.

« Explained premiums owed to policyholders, agents and underwriters.

Bachelor’s degree | cybersecurity 07/2023
St. Leo University, St. Leo, FL
GPA: 3.3

« Awards , Navy and Marine corps achievement medal (2021) Blue jacket of the year (2020) 2