JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a motivated individual who wants to succeed in life. To me an education is very important and is something that I always wanted to pursue
in my life. This was one of my biggest reasons for joining the Navy. As soon as the Navy authorized my education benefits I started taking
classes. After earning my Bachelors degree I thought I was satisfied. Then I found out that I could get an MBA with a concentration in cyber
security from UT Tyler, and then I knew I had a new educational goal to pursue.

SKILLS

© Operating Aircraft e Strong Communication
© Detailed Instruction e Aircraft Repair and Maintenance
e Safety Practices e Engineering Schematics
e Aircraft Electrical Systems © Microsoft Excel
¢ Lighting Control System © Project Deadlines
e Peer Mentoring ¢ Staff Supervision

Work HIsToRY

Aviation Electrician's Mate, 11/2017 - Current
Amentum — Fort George G Meade, MD
e Assembled aircraft cannon plugs, ground points and splice points to enhance aircraft safety.
e Maintained aircraft electrical and electronic emergency systems to support aircraft startup and as emergency source of power in event of
generation or distribution system failure.
¢ Implemented master caution advisory system components to draw attention of crew in critical situations.
¢ Performed special inspections for upkeep of aircraft wiring harness system components to optimize aircraft maintenance efficiencies
through insights.
¢ Directed incoming and outgoing aircraft near terminal areas using light signals and guiding signs.
*« Completed maintenance of lighting system components to support illumination for exterior and interior use.
e Executed preventive maintenance for landing gear electrical and electronic components to comply with schedule and specifications.
* Rectified airframe electrical and electronic systems issues using Troubleshooting.
e Performed aircraft maintenance for scheduled preventive actions and unscheduled requirements.
e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.
¢ Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.
¢ Performed aircraft corrosion control procedures.
® Operated power tools, gauges and testing equipment to adjust, repair and replace faulty components in aircrafts.
e Maintained all aircraft in accordance with organizational maintenance requirements.
e Maintained repair logs to document all corrective and preventive aircraft maintenance.
* Operated support equipment and flight line vehicles.
* Conducted and oversaw safety protocols and flight line foreign object prevention walks.
e Analyzed engineering drawings and schematics to troubleshoot systems and diagnose solutions.
* Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.
¢ Obtained fuel and oil samples to check for contamination.
e Trained 13 new employees according to company standards.
e Achieved F/A-18 Low Power Turn Operator licensing.

¢ Conduct safety training on thermal runaway procedures.

Plane Captain, 11/2017 - Current
Coretelligent, Llc — Chicago, IL

« Directed incoming and outgoing aircraft near terminal areas using light signals and guiding signs.
¢ Performed fueling operations using gravity fill and closed circuit refueling methods.

© Serviced aircraft fuel, oil, air, hydraulic and other systems to prepare flights for takeoff.

¢ Completed careful pre-flight checks and post-flight briefings to maintain safety standards.

e Performed accurate calculations of plane loads and fuel needs.

e Maintained compliance with Naval instruction, FAA regulation requirements for every flight.

¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

« Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.

* Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

e Work Center 310 supervisor, in charge of 15 sailors.

e Supervise IMRL tool program

e Supervise the qualification training of junior sailors, optimizing command efficiency by 13%.

Logistics Specialist, 11/2017 - Current
United States Navy, VFA-37 — City, STATE
* Coordinated incoming and outgoing shipments to maintain schedules.
e Tracked supply, equipment and product inventory quantities to maintain necessary levels.
e Issued timely and accurate responses to both internal and external inquiries.
e Tracked and managed transfer paperwork such as packing lists.
e Managed and tracked package transfers such as bills of lading, delivery receipts, packing lists and load tags.
¢ Provided customers with status updates for tracked packages.
e Oversaw every phase of supply chain, from purchase order to delivery to invoicing, targeting 100% end-user satisfaction.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Strategic Intelligence, 08/2022
American Military University - Charles Town, WV
© 3.2345 GPA