JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Perceptive educator with solid record of accomplishment in attaining and surpassing targets during 17-year career. Stay on top of trends in
education to maintain modem, efficient systems meeting needs of diverse students. Solid relationship-builder with decisive approach to
solving operational problems.

SKILLS
« Supervision ¢ Curriculum design
« Communications e Adult Education
« Team building ¢ Curriculum Development
e Customer service e Classroom management
« MS Office e Group and individual instruction
« Team management ¢ Technology-based curriculum
¢ Lesson Planning e Lecturing
Work History

05/2017 to Current Course Director, Squadron Aviation Resource Manage
Marmic Fire Safety — Tulsa, OK
© Boosted effectiveness of department personnel by conferring with Aviation Resource Management Instructors to
rebalance classes, increase resource utilization and integrate new technology.
¢ Developed team communications and information for weekly production meetings.
e Managed quality assurance program, including on-site evaluations, internal audits and customer surveys.
¢ Conferred with educators to identify current classroom concerns and diversify instructional strategies.
e Devised strategies to reduce expenses, modernize operations and revamp procedures to improve institution
operations.
* Coordinated primary instructor cadre schedules to guarantee optimum duty coverage.
e Entered data into Government Purchase Card system, implementing tight safeguards to secure financial and
personal information.
¢ Used learning management system expertise, customer service skills and analytical nature to resolve customer
concerns and promote loyalty.
« Communicated best practices among on-site and external personnel to align efforts and goals.
e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current squadron conditions and forecast
needs.
e Improved overall financial reporting by streamlining control processes and reporting structures.
Evaluated and revised lesson plans and course content to facilitate and moderate classroom discussions and student
centered learning.
e Kept institution financially sound by tracking expenses and maintaining detailed records.
¢ Led Operations team in delivery of capstone simulator project, resulting in an field relative course that improving
career field training .

e Educated students on Squadron Aviation Resource Management and Host Aviation Resource Management
applying variety of instructional techniques, including hands-on curriculum.

Worked with field customers to understand needs and provide technical service.

e Worked closely with Career Field Manager to develop and implement Advance Aviation Resource Management

curriculum for improved learning and student performance.

10/2012 to 05/2017 Operations NCOIC
Petco — Bend, OR

¢ Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins.

e Managed all aspects of administrative and personnel needs of flying operations.

e Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.

e Supported regulatory compliance by overseeing all audits to verify protocol adherence.

© Coordinated monthly leadership workshops to educate team members on best practices to optimize productivity.

¢ Managed, trained and motivated junior enlisted Airmen and non-commissioned officers to continuously improve
knowledge and abilities in Operations field.

« Discovered areas of improvement by generating bi-annual operational inspection and quality assurance reports.

e Handled administrative requirements smoothly and efficiently, including maintaining records and submitting
monthly reports.

e Facilitated organized record retrieval and access by maintaining filing system for both in-house and attached

paratrooper.

08/2006 to 10/2012 Operations Coordinator
United States Air Force — City, STATE

¢ Protected company assets from loss such as theft or damage by setting and enforcing effective security policies.

© Identified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe or ineffective practices by inspecting production areas regularly.

e Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.

© Developed and implemented daily operations plans such as range routes, employee assignments and training
strategies.

¢ Collaborated with area managers to evaluate needs and optimize operational plans.

e Oversaw and improved contract retainability estimated worth more than $1M per year through efficient
coordination of universal Air Force operational system and aircrew utilization -

e Investigated and resolved strategic issues affecting range scheduling. air space and range operations.

06/2003 to 10/2012 Operations, Specialist
United States Air Force — City, STATE

e Identified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe or ineffective training requirement by inspecting reports regularly
before aircrew step to fly.

¢ Worked in fast-paced and high-risk environments while maintaining exceptional standards of excellence for
security programs, strategies and plans.

e Implemented security measures, which resulted in 75% decrease in incidents.

© Optimized planning and allocation of resourced by organizing security and administrative programs, business
management operations and inventory control.

e Assessed ongoing risk factors and suggested improvements to senior management.

e Kept team compliant with security protocols and appearance standards.

¢ Properly implemented regulations, terms and conditions for team of 45 Fighter Pilots using Go-No-Go Procedures.

e Supervised grounds, employee entrances and exits and security officers on duty.

EpucaTIOoN

10/2019 Associate of Applied Science: Instructional Technology
Community College of Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL
¢ Professional development completed in Senior NCO Academy
e Awarded Non-commissioned Officer of the Quarter
e Coursework in Instructional System Design
e Professional development completed in Joint SNCO PME COURSE II

10/2015 Associate of Science: Aviation Management
Community College of Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL
e Coursework in Host Aviation Resource Management, Squadron Aviation Resource Management and Current
Operations.
e Professional development completed in NCO Academy
¢ Professional development completed in Joint SNCO PME

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop instructor hour tracking spreadsheets.
« Resolved product issue through consumer testing.
¢ Collaborated with team of 15 in the development of United States Air Force Squadron Aviation Resource Course.