AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Scheduled inspections
Aircraft repairs
Aircraft Maintenance
Fault diagnosis
Corrective maintenance

Troubleshooting
malfunctions

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd

The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E. info(@idayjob.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Aircraft Technician
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A safety conscious and capable Aircraft Technician who will make sure an aircraft is
airworthy and ready to go at any time. Maxine is a safety conscious professional who
can be trusted to use highly dangerous equipment and materials properly. She is always
precise in her work and as a true professional will always ensure that things are
repaired exactly as they should be. During her career, she has overhauled and repaired
fast jets, transport aircraft, helicopters and air-to-air refuelling airplanes. Right now,
she is looking for a position that is suited to individuals who want to develop a long
term career within the role.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location
AIRCRAFT TECHNICIAN Jun 2013 - Present

elements of an aircraft.

Duties:

+ Storing all aircraft components away securely, safely and im the proper place.

+ Coordinatne in a safe mammer an aircraft's movement im the hangar and ramp areas.
* Contributing to the company’s maintenance processes, decisions, planning & culture.
+ Talking to pilots to get information from them regarding an aircraft's performance.
+ Ensuring that there are adequate spare parts available when required.

+ Maintaining all mechanical, structural and electrical components on an aircraft.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (i.e. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

* Willing to travel and work overnight at short notice to get a job done.

+ Using power tools & applicable test equipment to ensure that sircraft are ready to fly
+ Superb commmmication skills & able to get along with people from all backgrounds.
+ Determined by nature and never giving up on 2 job before it is fully done.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.