SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS

¢ Budget controls

© Staff training and development

« Customs compliance e Mentoring and training
¢ Project planning and scheduling

EXPERIENCE

01/2015 to Current

Aviation Resource Manager
Upmce — Natrona Heights, PA

e Communicated via headset radio with ground crew, flight crew and tow person about ramp operations and flight
requirements.

e Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels.

e Consistently met company and department objectives within budget and time constraints.

e enforced policies and procedures for entire logistics team.

e Assessed needs and allocated resources to meet demand.

¢ Managed day-to-day logistics operations

e Processed and mobilized members for local overseas assignments

e Established lasting relationships with clientele through effective issue resolution and negotiation, boosting business
opportunities.

04/2013 to 08/2017 Certified Nursing Assistant

Vidant Health — Nags Head, NC

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

¢ Conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals, including blood pressure, blood sugar and heart rate.

e Exhibited compassionate care and communication regarding issues surrounding death and dying.

e Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

« Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

e Rendered hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies and procedures.

e Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and updating healthcare
team on patient status.

e Collected specimens, monitored vitals and maximized patient comfort to maintain optimal environment.

¢ Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.

e Consulted with nurses to develop patient care plans and evaluate treatment options.

© Used mobility devices to transport patients.

¢ Documented activities and recorded information in EMR system.

e Delivered nursing assistance to residents in [ Number]-bed [Type] care facility.

e Delivered personal nursing assistance in pre- and post-operative situations.

e Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and physical symptoms to assess and prioritize need for further
attention.

e Supported diagnostic and treatment procedures, including setting up and operating specialized medical equipment.

e Provided basic patient care by bathing and grooming patients, changing bedding and assisting in feeding activities.

* Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.

e Recognized and reported abnormalities or changes in patients’ health status to nursing staff for immediate
assessment.

¢ Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical
administration.

e Took patients vitals. including blood pressure, temperature and pulse and documented vital signs and weight of
patients.

e Engaged with patient family and friends to provide courteous visit experience.

e Communicated concerns regarding clients' status, care and environment to nursing supervisors, clinical care
supervisors and case managers.

e Answered signal lights, bells and requests-for-service to assist patient services fulfillment.

¢ Delivered high level of care to every patient.

¢ Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

e Answered patient and family questions to educate on optimal treatment procedures.

¢ Comforted patients and provided each with reassurance and encouragement.

e Followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions.

e Performed light cleaning duties by emptying wastebaskets, sweeping. mopping and sanitizing surfaces.

¢ Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care team.

e Assessed vitals and noted medical information to report changes to nursing staff and physicians.

e Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.

¢ Promoted patient satisfaction by assisting with daily living needs such as bathing, dressing, toileting and
exercising.

e Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

e Assisted patients during ambulation and moved from one place to another by pushing wheelchairs.

¢ Tumed or re-positioned bedridden patients to promote blood flow and prevent bedsores.

e Followed rehabilitation and treatment care plans to accelerate patient recovery, minimize pain and optimize patient
outcomes.

© Provided support with bathing, toileting, grooming, and washing.

e Assisted patients gently and respectfully with daily living activities, including bathing, positioning, toileting and
feeding and documented care per unit protocols.

e Managed supplies and restocked inventory to promote optimal availability for patient care.

e Assisted over [Number] residents with daily needs, including personal hygiene, dressing and transferring from
chairs to bed.

¢ Protected and promoted patient rights and assisted individuals to achieve maximum independence.

¢ Obtained and documented vital signs, collected lab specimens, ambulated patients, addressed concems, performed
EKGs and drew blood, all under supervision of [Job title].

¢ Maintained composure and efficiency during rapid response situation and emergency codes.

¢ Provided compassionate care and clear communication in dealing with issues of death and dying.

e Maintained clean and neat environment in patient care area, checked and restocked supplies and handled linen
management and trash removal.

e Watched over patients to identify potential symptoms of medical conditions.

« Documented nursing assessments, treatments and follow-up care to maintain patient safety and optimize workflow.

Monitored and observed patients' to accurately records changes in condition and reaction to medications and
treatment.

Kept rooms clean, stocked and sanitized for proper infection control.

Assisted physicians with examinations and patient scans during diagnostic processes.

Completed daily patient charting on computer with [Software] and [Software].

e Maintained sanitary conditions by providing immediate wound care and dressing changes.

¢ Charted patient blood pressures, temperatures, blood sugar levels and vitals, using [Software].

¢ Helped patients with personal care needs such as feeding, grooming and toileting.

¢ Monitored fluid intake and output levels to evaluate electrolyte imbalances.

¢ Performed basic treatments such as passive range of motion, simple dressing changes, skincare, thermal
applications, non-sterile soaks, perineal care and glucose testing.

¢ Observed patient conditions compassionately, listened attentively and reported abnormal changes to supervisor
verbally and in writing while also following up with patient.

Prevented drug interactions and contributed to correct diagnosis by recording patient health information,
monitoring vitals and updating patient files.

Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared for lab testing.

Collaborated with interdisciplinary teams to carry out doctor orders and treatment care plans.

e Organized games and other activities to engage clients and offer mental stimulation.

Collaborated with other disciplines to deliver patient care continuity from admission to discharge in support of
medical and nursing care plans for individual patients.

Collected biological specimens and packaged for laboratory transport to complete diagnostic tests.

e Started, monitored and managed intravenous medication to stabilize patient heart and blood pressure.

e Administered medications, monitored edemas and took blood and other body fluid samples for diagnostic purposes.
© Used sterile techniques to prepare patients for procedures.

Monitored telemetry and vital signs for [Number]-bed unit to document patients’ vitals and heart rhythms.
Facilitated games and other activities to engage long-term patients.

e Guaranteed accurate, timely flow of information by maintaining [Number] patient charts and updating healthcare
team on patient status.

Used clinical skills to conduct lab draws, assess vital signs, complete glucose evaluations and treat pre-and post-
operation patients.

e Assessed patients’ physical and mental conditions by thoroughly assessing medical histories and communicated to
patients to base trust.

e Performed inventory by monitoring expiration of medical supplies and medications.

¢ Cultivated relationships with residents to support happiness and emotional well-being.

e Triaged patients by phone and provided general assistance for basic and advanced needs.

e Supervised [Number] patients with diminished capacity to monitor any safety hazards.

e Assisted nurses with cleaning G-tube, J-tube and regular catheter insertion.

e Supported work of paid and volunteer nursing staff by assisting with patient and administrative needs.

e Managed medical stock and restocked inventory to ensure optimal availability for patients.

e Played games with patients to boost mood, improve memory and provide light entertainment.

e Assisted [Number] nurses with diverse functions, including IV management, catheters and telemetry.

e Stocked clinical workstations and procedure rooms with necessary supplies.

e Explained various warnings, side effects and dosage requirements of medications.

© Collected vital signs every [Timeframe] to keep nursing staff updated on patients’ conditions.

e Set up equipment and assisted with procedures like [Type]s and [Type]s.

¢ Delivered expert nursing care to at-risk patients presenting with typical problems such as [Type] and [Type].

e Participated in [Type] and [Type] performance improvement activities to improve patient safety and quality of care.

Set up central venous pressure and arterial pressure monitoring systems to assist nursing staff with hemodynamic

monitoring.

Collaborated with [Number] interdisciplinary teams to carry out doctor's orders and provide optimal treatment.

¢ Cultivated strong value-added relationships with patients by delivering medical expertise.

e Handled [Number] physician appointment books by rearranging schedules and penciling in breaks, vacations and

meetings.
e Provided pre- and post-operative care to [Number] patients per week.

04/2013 to 08/2017 Unit Secretary

Virginia Hospital Center — City, STATE

e Executed clerical tasks and assisted with all unit duties as directed.

e Managed unit call reception and routed calls to correct department.

¢ Provided patient information to facilitate timely admissions and discharges.

e Maintained strong and trusting rapport with patients and all healthcare staff to build relationships.

e Answered phone calls to provide assistance, information and medical personnel access.

¢ Monitored unit supply levels and notified management of ordering needs.

e Retrieved physicians’ paperwork, including lab test requests.

¢ Scheduled and confirmed patient appointments for diagnostic. surgical and consultation services.

e Transcribed doctors' orders, including medication and lab test requests.

¢ Conducted patient intake interviews to collect medical information and insurance details.

¢ Compiled physical and digital documents, charts and reports.

¢ Supervised order fulfillment and inventory management services to ease operations and support administrative and
healthcare staff.

e Communicated with [Job title] to facilitate efficient operation of [Type] unit.

© Updated group medical records and technical library to promote smooth office operations.

e Facilitated timely execution of all lab tests and medication refills.

¢ Managed physician calendar, including scheduling patient appointments and procedures.

e Addressed, documented and responded to incoming correspondences to address client queries.

¢ Interviewed patients to obtain medical information, weight and height measurements and vital signs to aid
physicians with patient care planning.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2018

Associate of Science: Science
Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA