Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Some people say, "A jack of all trades is a master of none." | respectfully disagree, arguing that a master
craftsman isn't identified by a specified trade, but rather by their ability fo bring a diverse range of concepts
from imagination into reality. | am an individual who prides myself on my work. | am a craftsman. The final
result of a finished job, the efficiency of the task, and the preparation of the project are all key factors which
build my work ethic to the basis which | hold myself. As | grow, | am learning to use many different experiences
of my life to aid new ways of thinking and problem solving. | am a team player, | am a dynamic thinker, | ama
strong worker and | have a passion to enter a career setting | will enjoy and thrive in. My past mentors and
instructors all seem to have identified a similar pattern in me; | learn fast, | understand what needs to be done.
and | take pride in impressing people with my hard work and attention to detail. | think | will be a valuable
addition to your team, and | think that working with you will be very beneficial for myself as well. Thank you for

your consideration.
SKILLS ©  e Technical Documentation Reading e Critical Thinking
« Inspections Proficiency e Supervision & Leadership
« Compliance Standards e Team Management
« Flexible Schedule « Communication Strategy Development
EXPERIENCE © AVIATION STRUCTURAL MECHANIC 02/2018 to 08/2021

Texas Roadhouse Holdings Lic | Fairborn, OH

e Performed daily postflight and preflight inspections.

e Inspected, removed and replaced components of hydraulic systems and replaced gaskets and wipers in
hydraulic components.

e Performed preventive and corrective maintenance on F-18/EA fighter jets.

e Tracked repair and maintenance activities with daily log updates and thorough reports.

¢ Completed daily inspections of each aircraft to check flight readiness.

e Serviced all types of aircraft systems, including brakes. air handling and electrical.

e Balanced flight controls for accuracy and safety.

e Adhered strict military documentation and maintenance standards in all repairs.

e Executed corrosion control and inspection duties with minimal supervision.

e Supervised and completed flight line foreign object prevention walks.

e Utilized hand and power tools to detect and repair aircraft malfunctions and damages.

e Updated maintenance and repair logs according to services performed and submitted reports to
supervisors for review.

e Oversaw inventory usage and executed replenishment duties when needed.

e Maintained aircraft environmental systems, oxygen systems, fire extinguishing systems and utility
systems.

e Effectively cut costs by troubleshooting systems and reducing black box replacement maintenance.

HC3T 06/2017 to 01/2018
Gm Nameplate | Beaverton, OR

e Greeted guests and gathered information to seat groups or place on waitlist.

e Answered telephone to provide dining information and take reservations.

e Scheduled reservations and notified servers and managers of large groups to prepare seating in
advance.

e Notified server after seating parties in section to facilitate prompt service.

e Managed daily card and cash transactions, maintaining payment records and investigating
discrepancies.

e Supported serving staff, food runners and bussers to keep dining room presentable and ready for
guests.

e Helped restaurant staff set up small and large events to coordinate smooth execution.

SCAEEN PRINTER 07/2011 to 01/2018
Legacy Health Services | Bratenahl, OH

e Kept track of daily orders and shipments.

e Prepared machines for printing and operated one-and two-color printing presses, platemakers,
hydraulic paper cutters and digital printers and copiers.

e Inspected and repaired printing and design equipment.

e Mixed ink for correct color viscosity and tested mixes for temperature.

e Worked with clients to design custom prints including images and color.

e Removed printed products from printing machines manually or via hand trucks or power lifts and
transitioned material to drying and finishing or storage areas.

¢ Collaborated with technicians to diagnose equipment breakdowns and address quality issues.

e Processed multiple orders daily and managed production and shipment systems.

e Tracked and organized warehouse inventory and accepted and stocked paper and supplies for
shipments.

e Adhered to allocated budgets by collecting time projections and reporting changes during creative
implementation.

e Maintained adequate productivity by setting and enforcing deadlines.

e Properly handled hazardous waste materials to uphold safety regulations.

DICHWASHER 11/2010 to 05/2012
Multiple | City, STATE

e My first jobs were dishwashing positions at several mom and pop restaurants, these positions taught me
the fundamentals or workplaceexpectations

EDUCATION AND ©) High School Diploma 05/2012
TRAINING Nashoba Valley Regional Technical High School, Westford, MA
¢ Completed technical training in the TV Media/Theatre Arts program, including audio engineering. stage
setup, recording, and video production
e Awarded 1st Place for personal video project at SKILLS USA competition
e Voted as "Most Creative" my senior year