JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Perceptive Aviation Electrician proficient at performing routine and non-routine inspections, and maintenance of avionic systems. Effectual at
efficiently resolving electrical problems. Experienced working with electrical hand tools, soldering equipment, and test equipment.
Collaborative and ready for a new position where avionics and electrical troubleshooting abilities can be properly utilized. Committed to
ensuring all electrical systems of aircrafts are fully functioning. Knowledgeable of FCC and FAA rules and regulations.

Dedicated to keeping aircraft electrical systems at peak performance. Proficient in testing, troubleshooting and diagnosing issues to determine
best solutions. Keen eye for detail with organized approach and strong multitasking abilities. Well versed in handling and execution of a
variety of tools. Knowledgeable in dealing with composites and carbon fiber.

Exceptional and driven work ethic with strong communication and planning abilities.

SKILLS
¢ Knowledge of aircraft hardware and materials and processes. e Testing equipment use
« Strong communication ® Scheduled Maintenance
e Oxygen and aircraft utility systems e System components
¢ Military maintenance requirements * Root Cause Analysis
e Basic print reading skills and layout skills © Circuit wiring
¢ Parts inspection e Schematics understanding
« Component examination © Quality control
¢ Safety-conscious ¢ Knowledge on composites
e Preventive Maintenance ¢ Knowledge on carbon fiber
¢ Electrical equipment repair ¢ Knowledge on usage of variety of tools
Work History

01/2022 to Current Mechanic
Amentum — Fresno, CA
¢ Inspected parts for proper machining finish and dimensions.
¢ Followed and adhered to quality and assembly standards.
e Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start immediately.
e Collaborated with team members to achieve target results.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Conducted research, gathered information from multiple sources and presented results.
© Operated machinery and tools safely during composite manufacturing.
e Sprayed chopped fiberglass, resins and catalysts onto prepared molds or dies, using pneumatic spray guns with
chopper attachments.
* Released air bubbles and smoothed seams using rollers.
¢ Removed hulls and decks from molds.
e Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule.
e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work.
e Ensure carbon fiber is up to standards without any delamination or tool marks.
e Replace composites or carbon fiber that does not meet standards.
e Verify all measurements are in tolerance up to the thousandths of an inch.
e Read and interpreted job orders, drawings and specification sketches.
e Assemble carbon fiber components with necessary tools (drills, guns.wrenches.sealant,etc)
¢ 1 month school of carbon fiber, composites, how to effectively use different tools, how to not damage parts of the
airplane and or materials such as metals and composites.
¢ Proficient in structural rework of the airplane

09/2018 to 09/2021 Aviation Electrician
Rocket Farm Restaurants — Charlotte. NC

e Installed electrical and electronic components and assemblies.

¢ Conducted preventive maintenance and repairs on wire bundles, connectors, RF cables and fiber-optic lines for
avionics and weapons integration lab equipment.

e Set up and operated precision test equipment for alignment, troubleshooting and testing of electrical equipment and
systems.

¢ Laid out installation of aircraft systems following documentation such as wiring diagrams, blueprints, and manuals.

© Scheduled routine lab tests and coordinated assets per specific user requests in secure testing environment.

¢ Monitored parts department and placed orders for maintenance supplies on consistent basis.

e Maintained all aircraft in accordance with organizational maintenance requirements.

e Analyzed engineering drawings and schematics to troubleshoot systems and diagnose solutions.

¢ Used leveling compounds and scotch casts to seal parts, assemblies and sub-assemblies.

e Obtained fuel and oil samples to check for contamination.

¢ Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.

e Performed aircraft corrosion control procedures, including washing, polishing and vacuuming.

¢ Conducted and oversaw safety protocols, including flight line foreign object prevention walks.

e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.

© Operated power tools, gauges and testing equipment to adjust, repair and replace faulty components in aircrafts.

© Operated support equipment, including flight line vehicles, as needed.

¢ Completed all paperwork requirements for each task, including recording maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.

e Performed aircraft maintenance for scheduled preventive actions and unscheduled requirements.

e Trained 8 new employees according to company standards.

e Achieved Plane Captain Qualification and NC10 powercart,Tow tractor, and move director licensing.

e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and
safety at all times.

¢ Do upkeep maintenence on carbon fiber.

e Change carbon fiber components when they're out of tolerance or does not meet regulations.

e Do corrosion prevention on metals and carbon fiber.

e Install new metal and carbon fiber parts on the jet

09/2018 to 09/2021 Plane Captain
Red Lobster — City, STATE

e Performed fueling operations using gravity fill and closed circuit refueling methods.

¢ Operated ground support equipment, including electrical power supplies and engine starting units.

¢ Serviced aircraft fuel, oil, air, hydraulic and other systems to prepare flights for takeoff.

* Completed careful pre-flight checks and post-flight briefings to maintain safety standards.

e Performed accurate calculations of plane loads and fuel needs.

e Maintained compliance with MRC-200, MRC-100 and IETMS requirements for every flight.

¢ Completed more than 3,000 flight hours on deployment 2020-2021 Covid cruise on board the USS Nimitz, on
FA-18 aircraft.

¢ Devoted special emphasis to punctuality and worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently
arriving to work ready to start immediately.

e Supervised work of contracted employees to keep on task for timely completion.

© Developed and implemented performance improvement strategies and plans to promote continuous improvement.

04/2017 to 02/2018 Bartender
Contracted — City, STATE

¢ Designed special drink and cocktail offerings on monthly basis as part of seasonal offerings.

e Organized bar inventory and storage procedures to keep stock within optimal levels and meet expected customer
demands.

* Developed new signature cocktails to support bar marketing brand and increase profits.

* Upsold menu items to customers, driving up per sale revenues and maximizing profits.

e Performed opening and closing duties, printing sales reports, setting up for incoming shift, preparing cash drawers
and taking inventory.

© Upsold daily specials and beverage promotions to exceed daily sales goals.

© Managed bar inventory, restocked supplies and placed orders for spirits, beer, wines and mixers.

e Improved and applied social media marketing strategies to increase patronage.

¢ Conducted regular inventories of bar and drink supplies to keep stock on hand and avoid expensive rush orders.

© Boosted bar profitability, mentoring team members on routine procedures and productivity strategies.

e Adhered to state laws regarding alcoholic beverage services and customer regulations.

e Increased bar revenue through development and marketing of featured cocktails.

e Maintained secure cash drawers, promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals.

¢ Kept bar presentable and well-stocked to meet all customer needs.

e Generated higher ticket averages by training employees on suggestive up-selling techniques.

05/2014 to 06/2017 Construction/roofing
Company Name — City, State
e Installed high-quality roofing systems, paying careful attention to hazards and other safety concerns.
e Inspected problem roofs to determine best repair procedures.
e Expanded knowledge of roofing materials, techniques and cost effectiveness.
e Installed, repaired. and replaced single-ply roofing systems.
e Effectively communicated with clients in person and through phone and email.
¢ Coordinated safety and construction equipment orders with purchasing manager.
e Eliminated barriers to productivity by interpreting for spanish-speaking workers and managers.
e Designated and managed material staging areas.
¢ Removed snow, water and debris from roofs prior to applying roofing materials.
¢ Conducted regular inspections and troubleshot building roofing systems for commercial and residential customers.
e Fastened composition shingles and sheets to roof with asphalt, cement and nails.
e Applied gravel and pebbles over top layer, using rake and stiff-bristled broom.
¢ Supported construction manager with materials, schedule and cost information.
© Consistently stayed under budget by monitoring job progress and controlling costs.
e Coordinated with other craft employees to maximize project efficiency.
e Submitted accurate monthly billings based on contract requirements.
e Provided accurate information to estimators for major change orders.
¢ Managed inventory of roofing supplies and materials.
e Trained and oversaw individuals in roofing system installations.

EpucaTION

04/2018 High School Diploma
St. Cloud High School - Saint Cloud, FL