JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Avionics Technical Inspector with talent for reliability and work ethic. Strong knowledge of aircraft maintenance with UH-60 L, A, M as well
as CH-47 L . Communicative and team-oriented with proficiency in ACN (aircraft notebook) . Proven history of fostering new soldiers to
meet team, individual and management objectives. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational
skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

SKILLS
e Aircraft Registration e Team Management
« Inspection Abilities e First Aid/CPR
¢ Maintenance & Repair ¢ Good Work Ethic
¢ Relationship Building ¢ Critical Thinking
¢ People Skills ¢ Computer Skills

e Supervision & Leadership
EXPERIENCE

11/2021 to Current Aviation Maintenance Inspector 5k Monthly
Texas Army National Guard — City, STATE

¢ Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

¢ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.

¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Inspected in-service aircraft and related equipment for defects and maintenance concerns.

e Assessed skills and knowledge of technicians working on aircraft.

e Performed daily postflight and preflight inspections.

e Observed gauges, meters and instruments to detect evidence of aircraft malfunction.

e Enforced safety regulations and FAA standards governing production, maintenance and operation of aircraft.

© Operated the aircraft notebook (ACN) not limited to but also (LADS) systems.

e Make sound judgement and decisions; to deal effectively with people in a courteous and tactful manner; to analyze
information rapidly and make prompt decisions as well as training others, managing finances, code enforcement,
doing compliance work, corrections, security, military, e

02/2014 to 02/2020 Avionics Maintenance Technician 5k Monthly
Oklahoma Army National Guard — City, STATE

e Performed through tests of electrical systems, parts and equipment to check compliance with applicable standards
and evaluate malfunctions.

e Evaluated quality of all maintenance and installation work and documented changes.

e Recorded maintenance performance in aircraft logbooks and completed other paperwork requirements.

e Read complex manuals to review repair procedures.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Executed corrosion control and inspection duties with minimal supervision.

¢ Completed in-depth visual and manual inspections of electrical components.

e Repaired or installed new wiring, boxes, antennas and other system pieces.

06/2018 to 04/2022 Meat Process Worker 3400.00 Montly
Tyson Foods Inc — City, STATE
© Used powered equipment such as saws, knives and skinner machines to complete efficient meat processing.
e Vacuum-packed and labeled products for institutional use or sale to consumers.
e Supplied and trained personnel on matters of cleanliness, client interactions and various types of meat cuts.
© Cut, wrapped, weighed and labeled orders for customers.
e Trained new employees on cleanliness, client engagement strategies and various types of meat cuts.
e Wrapped and displayed items in cases following size and appearance standards.
¢ Processed fresh meat items in walk-in cooler.
e Enforced approved safety codes and cultivated orderly and systematic environment.
¢ Closely monitored display and refrigerator temperatures to ensure safety and quality of products.

08/2017 to 05/2018 Platoon Sergeant 3k Monthly
William Tyler, Thunderbird Youth Challenge Program — City, STATE
e Conducted quality control inspections of subordinate organizations to detect and correct deficiencies.
e Maintains discipline, security, and safety within a quasi-muilitary atmosphere
¢ Develops a team-oriented attitude in the Cadets
e Mentor/role model for those assigned cadets during the residential phase of the program
e Directs and participates in cadet physical training
e When necessary, used physical force, unarmed self defense or force to detain, secure, or breakup fights.
e Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service and logistics.
© Motivated and evaluated personnel for performance improvement and goal achievement.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Business Marketing
University of Central Oklahoma - Edmond, OK

Avionics Maintenance Technology
United States Army Aviation Logistics School - Ft Eustis

05/2013 High School Diploma

Tuttle High School - Tuttle, OK
LANGUAGES

Spanish:

Negotiated:
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Espyon second enlistment

e Was selected as a squad leader to lead troops through pre-mobilization training.
CERTIFICATIONS

e Attended Avionics Training and graduated in the top 10% of class. - 2014