JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Aviation Electrician's Mate Second Class with Eight years of aviation electronics training and maintenance experience on Naval aircraft and
electronic sub-assemblies. Provides leadership and guidance to more than 32 electronics technicians resulting in countless hours of mishap
free and current ready capabilities to our countries deployability efforts. Currently holds and maintains a Secret Security Clearance. Aviation
Electrician's Mate skilled in troubleshooting, repair and maintenance of electronic systems and equipment. Proficient in Search and Rescue
and Reconnaissance equipment and possesses excellent verbal and written communication skills. Works independently and as part of dynamic
team with diverse cultures.

SKILLS
¢ Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures © Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise ¢ Product promotions
EXPERIENCE

06/2014 to Current Aviation Electrician's Mate
Mgm Resorts — Robinsonville, MS
e Two years as Counter Terrorism Response Team member, qualifying as a hostage response lead, riot control officer,
public relations security and base entry security forces.
e Fleet Readiness Center West ground support issue and receipt equipment manager.
e Lead Line Technician with Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Six (HSC 6) onboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt
(CVN-71) while deployed from October 2017-March 2018 resulting in more than 56,000 nautical miles sailed,
assisted in 8.319 flight hours, 1,164 combat sorties and performed counterterrorism operations in Syria, Iraq. and
Afghanistan.
¢ Lead Electrician with Helicopter Sea Combat Two Three (HSC-23) Detachment 5 while onboard the USS
Montgomery (LCS-8) while deployed from September 2019-February 2020. While deployed as an MH-60S and
MQ-8B Firescout Plane Captain, 1 led 40 move evolutions throughout 158 days with 0 mishaps. Completing 75
daily and turn around inspections on both platforms leading to 209.2 MH-60S and 41 MQ-8B mishap free flight
hours in support of joint and multi-national exercises in the 7th fleet AOR to include; MTA Sama Sama, CARAT
Brunei, Operation Jungle Lightning, and VI operations in the South China Sea. Also leading in over 3.000 hours of
corrective maintenance.
Assistant Lead Petty Officer and shift supervisor of 32 sailors in the 1st LT and Safety division of Helicopter
Maritime Wing Pacific.
8 years and 3 months of Active Duty service, eaming the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement medal, Squadron
Battle Efficiency ribbon, Good Conduct Medal 2nd award, National Service Medal, Operation Inherent Resolve
Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal,
Humanitarian Service Medal, Sea Service Deployment Ribbon 2nd award, Rifle Marksman Ribbon, Sidearm
Expert Medal and Enlisted Aviation Warfare Specialist.

09/2013 to 04/2014 Restaurant Busser
Urbanleaf — La Mesa. CA
e Cleared tables to maintain high turnover rate and minimize wait times.
e Maintained table setting by removing courses as completed and replenishing utensils.
e Went above and beyond expectations by helping with various tasks to support teammates and provide customer
service.
¢ Carried food, dishes, trays or silverware from kitchens or supply departments to serving counters.
¢ Followed safety and sanitation guidelines in accordance with local health regulations.
¢ Wiped down and cleaned chairs, booths and highchairs.

11/2012 to 03/2013 Retail Inventory Associate

Confederated Tribes Of Coos, Lower Umpqua, And Siuslaw Indians — Florence, OR
e Maintained accurate records to support inventory audits and inventory replenishment activities.
¢ Welcomed customers, offered to help locate items and suggested merchandise without being intrusive or pushy.
e Restocked shelves, racks and bins with latest merchandise and changed signage to promote special items.
¢ Monitored sales floor to identify customers in need of assistance and merchandise requiring replenishment.
e Processed merchandise returns and exchanges for customers to refund payments, trade items and offer store credit.
e Answered questions about current promotions and resolved issues according to store policies.
e Answered questions and fulfilled requests with friendly and knowledgeable service.

04/2012 to 10/2012 Barback
Big Owls Tiki Bar — City, STATE
e Maintained spotless, well-stocked bar organized and ready for customer demands.
e Replenished bar glasses, garnishes and condiments.
© Took food and drinks to bar and table customers.
¢ Maintained detailed inventory of bar supplies and stocked work areas.
¢ Removed and disposed of bags from trash receptacles in and around bar area.
e Contributed to successful kitchen operations with smooth handling of daily checklists.
e Cleaned and sanitized frequently to maintain health code standards.
e Adhered fully to kitchen standards involving required portion sizes, individual recipe instructions and safe food
handling procedures.
e Carried pans and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator.
© Operated ovens, fryers and mixers safely to prevent kitchen accidents and machinery malfunction.
e Trained, managed and guided kitchen staff to improve overall performance, service quality and productivity.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Aviation Electronics
US Navy - California
Recruit Training
e Personal Community Health
e Personal Conditioning
Aviation Electrician's Mate Apprentice Technical Training
e AC/DC Circuits
¢ Digital Electronics
¢ Solid State Electronics
Aviation Warfare Apprenticeship Training(AP)
e Aviation Safety
¢ Corrosion control processes
«© 3M
Aviation Electrician's Mate Strand, Class Al
e Aircraft Electrical Systems
e Aircraft Instrument Systems
¢ Solid State Electronics
MH-60R/S Electrical Organization Maintenance
¢ Helicopter Systems Maintenance
Physical Skills Maintenance and Improvement
¢ Foundations Of Conditioning
NEC-8885
¢ Performs maintenance and troubleshooting on the systems of the MH-60R/S
Aviation Electricians Mate (AE3)
e Practical Wiring
e Advanced Aircraft Electrical Systems
e Aircraft Electrical and Instrument Systems
MQ-SB Organizational Maintenance Technician
¢ Performs Organizational level maintenance on the MQ-8B Fire-Scout systems
Aviation Electricians Mate (AE2)
e¢ Communications
e Practical Wiring
e Supervision
e Advanced Aircraft Electrical Systems
e Aircraft Electrical and Instrumental Systems
Other Learning Experiences
e Navy Military Training
e Personal Financial Management
¢ Shipboard Aircraft Fire Fighting
¢ MH-60S Wire System Repair Organizational Maintenance
« Navy Remedial Swim Course
e Water Survival Training Program
¢ MQ-8B Fire-Scout Electronics Technician
e Naval Aviation Organizational Maintenance Activity Work Center Supervisor's Course