JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Technically proficient, results driven professional with the dedication, education, and initiative to transition into a career as a Business
Analyst. Logical troubleshooter with demonstrated ability to multi-task, detect problems, and implement on-time solutions. Quick to grasp
new concepts, take on additional responsibilities, and apply practical problem-solving methods. Excellent communication, presentation, and
networking skills: able to work under pressure and in fast-paced environments.

SKILLS

« Business Analytics Professional e Customer Service, Payment processing

¢ Data Analysis | Team Leadership | Avionics & Finance e Data Analysis, Performance Analysis

¢ Reputation for integrity, reliability, and accountability with the e Data Management, Personnel
initiative and drive to produce results above and beyond what is e Data Modeling, Presentation Skills
expected. Core competencies include: e Database, Problem-solving

¢ Leadership & Team Building e Electrical systems, Problem Solving

« Training & Development e Fast, Processes

e Auditing & Reporting e Finance, Project Management

¢ Troubleshooting & Diagnostics e Financial analysis, Public Relations

« Business Intelligence e Forecasting, Quality assurance

« Computer Savvy e Inventory control, Quality Control

e Analytical Problem Solving e Team Building, Quick

¢ Clear Communicator e Leadership, Rapport

* Quality Control e Team Leadership, Relationship Management

¢ Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Access, e Logistics, Repairing

e Oracle SQL, RStudio, Defense Software (TUMPS, DMO, RTS. e Managing. Reporting
AROWS) * Retail loss prevention

e Accounts Payable, Mechanical, Research * Merchandising knowledge

« Accounts Receivable, Microsoft Access, Safety e Written and oral communication skills

e Auditing, Microsoft Office Suite, Sales e Inventory management

¢ Blueprints, Microsoft Visio, Schematics e Excellent communication skills

¢ Budgeting, Communicator, Troubleshooting e Reading comprehension skills

« Business Analyst, Networking e Financial records analysis

¢ Business Intelligence, Operations Management
e Excellent communication, Optimization
e Customer relations, Oracle SQL

EXPERIENCE

07/2012 to 07/2016 Aviation Technician
Vse Corporation — Hebron, CT

e Supervised a team of 25 technicians in the maintenance of 12 multimillion-dollar aircraft; duties included
installing, repairing, troubleshooting, evaluating, testing, servicing, and maintaining complex parts, machines, and
electrical systems.

e Interpreted schematics, blueprints, and mechanical layouts to diagnose equipment and resolve system problems.

¢ Remained current and up to date on job-specific processes and procedures in order to optimize productivity and
maximize efficiency.

¢ Conducted training sessions on quality assurance, job procedure, and workplace safety, and mentored personnel to
develop career goals and action plans.

e Consistently recognized by superiors for excellence in job performance, leadership, timely and accurate execution
of projects, productivity, and quality control.

12/2011 to 12/2012 Sales Associate Seasonal
Petco — Middletown, NY
e Assisted team with daily operations on a temporary basis inclusive of inventory control, stocking, sales, payment
processing, activation of electronic devices, and customer service.
e Offered product and service consultations and employed upselling techniques.
e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and
promotions.
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
« Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.
¢ Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.
e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock
items.
e Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.
e Kept apprised of emerging trends and provided informative customer service to assist in product selection.
e Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward
common sales, service and operational goals.
e Assisted customers by finding needed Electronic and furniture items and checking inventory for items at other
locations.
© Helped average of 35 customers per day by responding to inquiries and locating products.

08/2007 to 04/2010 Finance Technician Corporal
Department Of Justice — Boston, MA, Japan

e Served as Lead Auditor and performed financial analysis in various departments including Logistics, Accounts
Payable, and Accounts Receivable; primary job functions included performing fiscal reconciliations and auditing
major accounts via classified federal database records.

e Verified, evaluated, validated, and reconstructed incomplete or conflicting data.

e Calculated entitlements for travel and military-to-civilian statuses, managing in excess of $35 million in
disbursements and reimbursements.

e Served as an internal and external customer relations representative for all ranks and civilians to establish rapport,
resolve issues, and ensure exceptional service.

05/2010 to 08/2011 Finance Technician
Fourth Marine Logistics Group — City, STATE

e Researched and resolved collections disputes to maintain customer relationships.

© Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

e Automated office operations, managing client correspondence, record filing and data communications.

e Implemented program to create daily spreadsheets and streamline financial reporting.

e Supervised team of 3 accountants for 4th MLG company, training employees on best practices and cultivating
strong financial forecasting.

e Answered office phone calls and emails to direct customers and answer questions.

¢ Reconciled monthly checks for accurate bank statement distribution.

e Reviewed bank account statements to reconcile accounts by documenting correct financial information in general
ledger.

e Accurately tracked, verified and approved accounts payable and accounts receivable invoices and total balances
into financial software, conducting monthly balance sheet reviews to reconcile variances.

e Processed end-of-day paperwork , verifying deposits and rectifying discrepancies.

e Investigated and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency, reducing outstanding accounts
receivable by 90% over 1 year.

e Mitigated financial discrepancies by preparing bank reconciliations, managing field audits and reviewing
accounting records for accuracy.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
2006 Graduate
Kennesaw Mountain High School - Kennesaw, GA
04/2020 Bachelor of Science: Business Analytics & Management
Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL

AcTIVITIES AND Honors

CERTIFICATIONS

Professional Training: Research & Development, Data Modeling & Technologies, Report Generation, Quantitative Methodology, Operations
Management, Performance Analysis, Budgeting & Forecasting, Data Management, Metric Reporting, Process Optimization, Project
Management, Public Relations

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e AWARDS & HONORS , Secret Security Clearance | 2012, Navy Unit Commendation | 2010 Good Conduct Medal | 2010 Letter of
Appreciation | 2010 Navy Unit Commendation | 2009 Letter of Appreciation | 2009

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Process Improvement - Created new departmental procedures manual_Assessed organizational training needs.
¢ Protective Services - Applied safety procedures and policies as outlined in Department Safety Manual.

¢ Secret Clearance

e Navy Unit Commendation 2009

¢ Navy Unit Commendation 2010