PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Knowledgeable Boatswain's Mate comfortable leading array of responsibilities aboard US Naval ships and
shore commands. Navigation expert taking charge during damage control situations. Integral leader onboard
with 5 years of experience and excellent communication skills.

Operates independently or in team-based environment to keep aircraft moving efficiently. Competent with
take-off, landing and emergency recovery procedures. Skilled using related hand or power tools to complete
daily tasks and special projects. Work well in high-stress environments with solid multitasking, planning and
decision-making skills and adaptability to meet any challenge. Trained in routine and complex maintenance
and repair needs of ground support equipment. Gifted in communicating with team members, handling
simultaneous tasks and contributing to team success. Detail-oriented and decisive leader. Proven skill
running and maintaining equipment, organizing mission plans and delivering high-quality training. Teaches
important situational awareness skills to personnel for safety and operational success. Vigilant, steadfast and
resourceful professional. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with
a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. To seek and maintain a
full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management
and problem-solving skills.

« Team Meetings e Analysis and research

« Asset Protection e« Decision-Making

e« Prevention Techniques e Attention to Detail

« Organizational Systems e Operations support

« Microsoft Excel e Work orders

« Inquiry Requests e Managing office supply inventory

e« Operational Standards e Supervision of NAVFAC employees

e DoD Operations

OPERATIONS SUPPORT SPECIALIST/FACILITIES ASSISTANT 03/2022 to CURRENT
US Navy | City, STATE

e Manages over 30 calls per day with Vendors and Government Personnel.

e Created and maintained well-organized electronic and hard copy files to support business processes.

¢ Collaborated with operations team to provide excellent customer service and foster positive work
environment.

e Participated in operations team meetings to coordinate and assign project management tasks.

e Performed administrative duties and prepared operational procedures to assist operations support
manager.

e Collaborated with Facilities team in order to provide maximum work efficiency.

e Coordinated with vendors, customers and internal departments to understand, monitor and
communicate changes to workflows.

e Conducted regular quality reviews of business data and processes to identify discrepancies and
formulate solutions.

e Analyzed and evaluated operational issues and determined cost-effective solutions.

e Complied with systems procedures, business processes and company policies to promote workplace
safety and quality.

e Prevented and minimized processing errors by analyzing trends and implementing feedback from
managers.

e Maintained government records in order to continue successful documentation of orders to further
progress in command mission.

AVATION BOATSWAIN'S MATE HANDLER TAD SUPPLY/QA INSPECTOR 02/2020 to 04/2022
USS Carl Vinson | City, STATE

e Minimized process discrepancies by spearheading budget, supervising staff and controlling inventory
and supply management.

e Collaborated with shipping department staff to facilitate smooth materials returns to correct vendors.

e Oversaw every phase of supply chain, from purchase order to delivery to invoicing, targeting 100%
end-user Satisfaction.

e Handled high-volume paperwork and collaborated with administrators to resolve invoicing and shipping
problems.

e Worked with customers to integrate processes and correct issues.

e Reviewed order data to verify transactions and shipping dates.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

AVOTION BOATSWAIN'S MATE HANDLER 08/2018 to 02/2020
US NAVY/Shipyard | City, STATE

e Oversaw underway replenishment procedures to maintain equipment used in unloading and loading
cargo.

e Oversaw cargo handling and inspected anchoring, mooring, fueling, towing and transferring of
personnel and cargo.

e Maintained equipment and facilities in optimal condition to support optimal launch and recovery
operations.

¢ Collaborated with maintenance staff to repair equipment and maintain performance levels without
sacrificing operational efficiency.

e Signaled pilots manually to correct movements and prevent accidents.

e Upheld strict safety standards and achieved challenging schedule targets with smooth oversight of daily
launches and landings.

e Oriented, readied and directed planes for successful take-offs.

e Operated in challenging. high-stress and physically-demanding environments to keep personnel safe
and direct aircraft in flight operations.

e Worked in groups of 2 to keep deck aircraft operations efficient and smooth.

RECIABILITATION SUPERVISOR 01/2019 to 01/2020
Souda Bay GR| City, STATE

e Aided in removal of 510,000 pounds of berthing materials totaling $5,843,466. Additionally, contributed
to removal and transportation of 4,074 berth rack assemblies, lockers, and decks from 35 spaces
saving the Navy $6,750,000 in outside costs allowing the team to stay ahead of schedule during Car!
Vinson's DPIA 19.

e Disassembled flooring in spaces with heavy power tools, then proceeded to prime compartments before
ultimately painting.

e Maintained standards set in place by Naval Base Kitsap in order to complete daily tasks while
performing all aspects of safety.

e Conducted removal and installation of 3,050 rack assemblies and lockers, totaling 340,000 pounds.

e Maintained general upkeep of tools to promote safe and efficient workspace duties.

AVATION BOATSWAIN'S MATE HANDLER SHORE 06/2017 to 07/2018
Company Name | City, State

-Extended Joint/Fleet War fighting capability through Operational Support of U_S., Allied and Coalition Forces
deployed to EUCOM/CENTCOM/AFRICOM AORs by operating and sustaining superior facilities dedicated to
forward operations of ships, aircraft, and personnel.
-Directed aircraft and was held responsible for the safe and efficient movement of aircraft on the flight line,
general maintenance of the E28 arresting gear, and upkeep of departmental spaces.
-Knowledge of aircraft handling was instrumental in the safe and mishap-free movement of 3,483 U.S. and
NATO aircraft, 14.145 passengers, and 1,259 tons of cargo in direct support of the operations of three
Combatant Commanders.

e Led training, tracked data and assessed trainee performance.

« Oriented, readied and directed planes for successful take-offs.

¢« Operated in challenging, high-stress and physically-demanding environments to keep personnel safe

and direct aircraft in flight operations.

High School Diploma 05/2016
West Valley High School, Hemet, CA

e CPR Certified 2018-current.

e 3M Maintenance person 2018-current.

e Tow-tractor/scrubby qualified.

e« Elected Captain of Track Distance Team in 2015-2016.
e Honor Roll 2014-2016.