JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated and focused Administrator who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve
project goals. Energetic and reliable Office Manager skilled with working with a diverse group of people. Seeking a role of increased
responsibility and authority.

HicHuiicutTs
¢ Meticulous attention to detail © Microsoft Office proficiency
* Self-directed e Strong interpersonal skills
¢ Professional and mature e Resourceful
¢ Strong problem solver © Dedicated team player

SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Accounting Skills
¢ Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, schedule maintenance, and analyze information.
¢ Meticulously managed the periodic inspection cycles of 876 pieces of Aircraft Armament Equipment (AAE).
e Vigilantly kept 100% accountability of weapon support equipment valued at over 18,000,000
Accomplishments
e Received the Seria Hotel award for the month of February 2013 for dedication, hard work and completing all assigned tasks on time.
e Recognized as the junior sailor of the quarter for the entire command from January to March 2011.
e« Recommended for early promotion evaluation as an E-2 by chain of command from July 2010 to July 2011.

EXPERIENCE

09/2009 to 04/2013 Aviation Maintenance Administrationman
United States Navy — City, STATE

e Awarded for receiving zero hits and zero Discrepancies During Aviation Maintenance Inspection .

e Successfully maintained 100% Accuracy of 76 personnel records.

e Tracked and routed 1,426 correspondence documents.

¢ Primary departmental Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO) and helped my department upgrade over 350
obsolete CPU’s by taking inventory and uploading new operating systems and software.

© Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.

© Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.

e Created databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory management and reporting accuracy.

e Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence
tracking.

2008 to 07/2009 Coil 16 operator
Reinforcing Concrete Supplies — City, STATE
¢ Measured instruments to verify compliance with precise specifications.
e Fabricated rebar to meet manufacturing and engineering needs.
¢ Calculated and set controls to regulate machining factors like part speed, feed, coolant flow, depth and angle of cut
and clamping methods.
e Selected appropriate speeds and feeds according to type of metal and finish specifications.
© Successfully operated Forklift and celling crane with zero percent incident.

EpucatTIon

2008 High School Diploma: General High School curriculum
Hillside High School - Hillside , NJ