JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Purchasing professional with leadership, program management and planning abilities. Excellent verbal and written
communication skills paired with organized nature and advanced problem-solving strengths. Improves policies, reduces waste and supports
business needs with efficient, high-quality materials.

SKILLS
« Compliance e Leadership
« Contract Negotiation e Planning
¢ Trend Analysis e Agile
¢ Bid coordination * Safe
« Strategic Planning e MBA
* Operations management e Masters Degree
¢ Budget Management e Six Sigma
e Project Management e Lean.
¢ Process Development e APICS.
¢ Vendor sourcing e Market research
« Account management e Forecasting
e ERP * Quality Specifications Adherence
« MRP e Inventory Control
« Min / MAX e Customer Service
e JIT
Work History

03/2021 to Current

Supervisor, Supply Chain and Compliance
Day & Zimmermann — Audubon, PA

¢ Integrated financial and operation plans with strategic objectives to deliver improved operational and financial
results to boost customer satisfaction, profitability and working capital.

¢ Oversaw supply chain and supported transfer projects, batch release testing, change management and resolution of
customer complaints.

e Devised and executed annual purchasing plans and contracts.

e Drove 20% improvement in corporate growth by developing key metrics and applying Lean Six Sigma
methodologies.

e Balanced demand and supply while aligning volume and mix to achieve production objectives.

e Negotiated with suppliers and vendors about contracts, policies and deadlines.

* Developed and managed global supply base.

¢ Led implementation of effective supply chain planning systems while improving operational support.

¢ Mentored and managed eight (8) Team members.

e Established vision and master plan for regional supply chain end-to-end structure, sourcing and delivery.

05/2020 to 03/2021 Senior Buyer / Planner - Aviation

Chubb — Grand Rapids, MI

« Project managed new ERP system development, testing & implementation for the buyer / planner group.

e Negotiated fleet management contracts saving an average of 25%

e Lead / leading the planning process improvement project including assisting with min / max and MRP development
and implementation.

e Assisted in the development of department strategies, KAT's and KPI's.

e Wrote and implemented department standard processes and procedures.

e Assisted department with on boarding activities.

¢ Trained and Mentored team members.

e Represented supply chain in cross functional projects.

e Performed supply and demand planning to support 113 aircraft / 88 bases.

¢ Processed requisitions as required while ensuring compliance with the JIT strategy.

e Assisted in ensuring departmental and contractual compliance by ensuring compliance with FAA, DOD, customers
and supplier rules and regulations.

e Assisted with inventory management.

e Improved vendor relationships and performed account management activity.

¢ Played a key role in sourcing, resourcing and outsourcing products / services.

¢ Processed warranty claims and sales orders.

e Assisted with financial audit and payables burn down activity from a supply chain prospective.

¢ Promoted PHI's destination zero initiatives.

e Assisted leadership team as required.

04/2017 to 04/2020 Supply Chain Specialist

02/2015 to 03/2017

Heico Aerospace — City, STATE

e Project managed 70 new products each year from design to market

¢ Negotiated in excess of 200 long term contracts with an average savings of 12%.

© On boarded and developed new suppliers.

¢ Lead supplier improvement projects.

e Performed supplier Audits.

e Lead process improvement projects.

e Generated project forecasts and analysis.

e Processed requisitions as required for each project.

e Integrated financial and operation plans with strategic objectives to deliver improved operational and financial
results to boost customer satisfaction, profitability and working capital.

e Oversaw supply chain and supported tech transfer projects, batch release testing, change management and
resolution of customer complaints.

e Negotiated prices and terms with shipping companies and supply vendors.

e Improved project efficiency by prioritizing equipment tasks and operation while adhering to safety protocols.

e Resolved complex issues regarding material handling, mail distribution and inventory control, to increase profits.

e Maintained optimal inventory levels to meet operational requirements.

¢ Improved consistency of on-time arrivals through effective logistics management and travel route planning.

e Revised production schedules to meet dynamic conditions such as supply shortages and backlogs.

e Gathered and analyzed supplier, inventory and distribution data to assess areas in need of improvement.

¢ Displayed exemplary negotiation skills when communicating with suppliers and vendors regarding contracts,
policies and deadlines.

e Built supplier relationships to mitigate risk and establish effective purchasing arrangements with indirect and
logistics customers.

Buyer (All levels)
Boeing Distribution Services Inc ( Formally KLX ) — City, STATE

¢ Monitored and analyzed sales records, trends and economic conditions to anticipate consumer buying patterns and
determine suitable type and quantity of company inventory items. Using ERP, MRP and planning systems as a
point of reference.

e Placed orders for Aerospace products consistent with quality, quantity and other specification requirements.

e Created hands-on training program for newly hired employees to acclimate each person to company policies and
procedures and individual job duties.

¢ Communicated with suppliers to negotiate best pricing on products and services.

e Negotiated long term contracts and min / Max agreements.

e Deliver briefings, updates and reports as and when required to
supply chain leadership.

© Developed creative and innovative procurement processes and strategies to improve operational efficiency.

e Assessed and evaluate suppliers and undertake
performance reviews to ensure contract compliance and manage performance improvement activities.

e Ensure compliance to company
guidelines, purchasing policies and procedures and the FAA and ESA guidance during supplier negotiations and
contracts award
process.

e Lead process improvement Projects.

e Train and Mentor the supply chain assistant team and assist with their professional development.

e Sourced new vendors in effort to boost range of products offered in store locations while reducing costs through
strategic contract negotiations.

¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Conducted research, gathered information from multiple sources and presented results.

03/2013 to 03/2015 Sourcing Specialist

EDUCATION

09/2022

09/2022

09/2017

Leonardo Helicopters ( Formerly AW) — City, STATE

¢ Supported gross profit goals by negotiating and controlling costs, lead times, freight terms and purchase quantity
requirements.

e Evaluated new supplier capabilities to significantly reduce risks, improve operational visibility, and create greater
value for products and services.

e Worked with departments to find new and better items to fulfill diverse needs.

¢ Sourced and qualified bidders, obtained favorable pricing and finalized contracts.

e Accepted and processed supply requests from staff, and placed orders per procedures.

e Researched new vendors and partners to obtain most cost-effective pricing for goods.

¢ Developed sourcing strategies to improve procurement processes, supplier relationships and capability
development to optimize supply chain.

e Searched for hard-to-find items and found high-quality, reliable vendors.

e Maintained effective and lasting vendor relationships through dynamic communication, collaboration and
intelligent questioning skills.

© Utilized root cause analysis to address internal and external non-conformance issues and apply corrective action or
intervention to prevent reoccurrence.

© Maintained documentation for all purchases.

MBA: Business Management
European Business School of Barcelona - Remote

Master of Science: Master in Strategic Management of Economy And Fina
MCA Business School - REMOTE

Bachelor of Arts: International Business
Gordon University - UK