Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 © resumesample@example.com

Summary

I'm currently serving on active duty in the United States Navy as a skilled Boatswain's Mate with extensive and dedicated service. I

bring expert knowledge of job related operations and maintenance requirements. I'm accomplished in maintaining team safety and

expertly responding to emergencies. I will be separating with an honorable discharge on December 12, 2021 and will begin terminal
leave on November 12, 2021 to transition back into civilian life and move to The Woodlands, Texas.

Skills
¢ Regulation compliance e Flux core (FCAW) welding
¢ Safety equipment e Sheet metal fabrication
e Ship terminology ¢ Communication
¢ Boat safety maintenance e MS Office
¢ Communication system management e PPE use
¢ Cargo loading e Maintenance & Repair
¢ Strategic prioritization ¢ Organizational skills
¢ Safety training ¢ Cutting familiarity
¢ Facilities maintenance e Site cleanup
¢ Activity coordination ¢ Equipment operation
¢ Problem resolution e Forklift driving
¢ Supervision ¢ Basic welding skills
¢ Leadership ¢ Hand tool operations
¢ Friendly, positive attitude e Fire suppression tactics
¢ Working collaboratively e Hazardous materials handling
e Flexible e Fire prevention and enforcement
¢ Troubleshooting e Firefighting techniques expertise
e¢ Time management e Accurate recordkeeping
¢ Active listening e Multitasking
« Customer service e First Aid/CPR
¢ Conflict resolution ¢ Mobile crane operating

¢ Sub-arc Welding

Experience

Aviation Boatswain's Mate, Equipment, 12/2018 to Current
Gerdau Ameristeel Corporation — Fargo, ND
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues.
e Prepared for underway operations by repairing, maintaining and stowing equipment.
e Trained and supervised personnel handling shipboard maintenance functions.
¢ Managed cargo loading and unloading to meet schedules.
¢ Organized and maintained supplies and equipment for efficient operations.
¢ Used troubleshooting methods to identify issues.
e Stood watch to manage operating conditions and handle any arising risks.
e Inspected equipment and completed basic repairs to maintain safety and efficiency.
e Adhered to safety protocols when launching, landing and towing large aircraft to protect crew, equipment and vessel.
¢ Organized projects by delegating tasks to appropriate personnel and overseeing quality control duties.
e Read gauges to verify sufficient levels of hydraulic fluid, air pressure and oxygen.

MWR Lead (Temporary Additional Duty), 06/2019 to 11/2020
Gate Gourmet — Chantilly, VA
¢ Generated an average of $4,000 a month in sales through promotions and event tours.
¢ Managed and scheduled all maintenances needed on equipment and vehicles.
¢ Gathered, prepared, operated and maintained all equipment and supplies necessary for planned activities.
e Assisted with transporting program participants to, from and within program activity locations.
e Organized and lead a variety of small and large group activities, including tours, command wide events and ship board
recreation.
e Advertised for upcoming events to promote engagement and involvement.
e Established, identified and assessed event goals and intended outcomes.

¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Welder, 07/2018 to 12/2018
Trinity Industries — City, STATE
¢ Set up equipment and welded parts according to welding chart specifications.
¢ Followed safety guidelines through proper machine guarding and lockout and tagout procedures.
¢ Operated manual and semi-automatic welding equipment to fuse metal segments together.
¢ Monitored fitting, burning and welding processes to avoid overheating parts, warping, shrinking, distortion and expansion of
materials.
¢ Maximized shop organization and equipment lifespan by maintaining equipment.
¢ Set up and operated welding equipment to complete all welding projects on-time.
¢ Cleaned and inspected parts and assemblies at each production stage and documented production defects.
¢ Positioned and clamped workpieces together and properly assembled in jigs and fixtures.
¢ Improved project completion time by managing multiple tasks to include operating mobile cranes and forklifts.
¢ Prepared workpiece edges by grinding, cutting, buffing or bending to verify snug fit.

Welder's Helper, 09/2017 to 07/2018
Pro Hydronic Specialties — City, STATE
¢ Heated, formed and dressed metal parts with hand tools, torch and arc welding equipment.
¢ Cleaned and degreased weld joints and workpieces.
e Prevented distortion of parts by monitoring fitting, burning and welding processes.
¢ Completed precision cuts with power saws, hand shears and chipping knives.
* Moved items between machines, conveyors and transport equipment to meet production needs.
¢ Examined final products for conformance with quality and design standards.
¢ Operated machinery, managed raw material and logged production data.
¢ Ran hydraulic air test equipment and operated forklift safely and efficiently to prevent injuries and accomplish tasks on time.
¢ Sorted, weighed and packaged products to prepare for processing or shipment.
¢ Signaled equipment operators to facilitate alignment, movement or adjustment of machinery and equipment.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice With A Minor in Phycology, 12/2023
Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, Tx

Accomplishments & Awards

¢ Led team to achieve a complete overhaul of the departments equipment within a given timeframe, earning recognition from
upper management.
e Graduated from Tatum High School as an honors graduate in the top 10% with a Distinguished Achievement Award.