PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

AWARDS

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Four years in the US Navy with expertise in: crash and salvage, aircraft firefighting, first aid and other initial
response procedures, ship wide damage control, aircraft carrier elevator operation, maintenance
management and supervision. Managed the qualifications of over 50 aircraft carrier elevator operators and
tow tractor operators. Supervised over 50 employees during day and night flight operations to ensure proper
usage of four different aircraft elevators. as well as proper spotting of aircraft in hangar bay area. Worked
with military police for over a year. Became proficient in: weapons Safety, arrest and apprehension
techniques. use of force continuum, and knowledge of deadly force.

« Fundamentals of Fire Fighting e = First Aid certified
« 9mm qualification (OPNAV) 3591/1 small arms e Disaster preparedness
« M-16 qualification (OPNAV) 3591/1 small arms e Critical thinking

e Proficient in microsoft office products. e Trained in security

e Excellent time management skills. e Adept multi-tasker

e Organized e Class A Commercial Driver's License
PROFESSIONAL DRIVER 05/2020 to CURRENT

Pro Audio Video | New York, NY

e Picked up loads and secured properly to maintain safety and avoid damaging products.

e Cleaned and maintained vehicle and assessed vehicle for damage after each shift.

« Completed routine pre- and post-trip inspections to evaluate vehicles and assess maintenance needs.
e Completed routes efficiently and according to compliance rules.

e Maintained [Type] endorsement without lapse.

e Maintained accurate logs of all deliveries and trips.

PROFESSIONAL DRIVER 03/2019 to 05/2020
Core Mark | Huntsville, AL

e Picked up loads and secured properly to maintain safety and avoid damaging products.

e Cleaned and maintained vehicle and assessed vehicle for damage after each shift.

e Completed routine pre- and post-trip inspections to evaluate vehicles and assess maintenance needs.
e Maintained accurate logs of all deliveries and trips.

PROFESSIONAL DRIVER 05/2018 to 03/2019
Core Mark | Idaho Falls, ID

e Assessed vehicle after each shift for damage and kept it properly cleaned and maintained.

e Ensured that goods and products were delivered to the customer on time and in excellent condition.
« Completed routes efficiently and according to compliance rules.

e Drive safely over the road with no accidents or tickets

PROFESSIONAL DRIVER 10/2017 to 01/2018
Swift Transportation | City, STATE

e Transported deliveries locally and over the road.

e Safely loaded and unloaded deliveries according to size of load and content description.

e Completed basic maintenance such as minor repairs to keep vehicle neat and running properly.
e Inspected the truck for defects and safe operating condition before, during and after trips.

e Inspected tires, lights, brakes and gas. oil and water levels.

e Answered customer questions regarding delivery promptly and accurately.

SEQURITY SUPERVISOR 2017 to 05/2017
Roehl Transport Inc | City, STATE

e Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of vehicles, cargo trucks and visitors.

e Ensured that contract-required training and screening elements for security personnel had been met.

e Made recommendations for positive and negative personnel actions for those under direct supervision.

e Ensured quality of service and contract compliance by regularly inspecting security personnel and their
job performance when assigned to shift.

e Perform other operations related functions (review and maintain incident reports, coordinate fleet
vehicles, assist in preparation of security surveys and post orders).

AVATION BOATSWAIN MATE HANDLER 11/2010 to 11/2014
Company Name | City, State

e Directed the movement and spotting of aircraft ashore and at sea.

e Managed over 20 employees in movement and spotting of aircraft.

e Directly responsible for spotting of aircraft on hangar bay level.

e Responsible for qualifying personnel to operate aircraft elevator.

e Responsible for over 1 billion dollars in military support equipment and aircraft.
e Supervised security of hangar bay. aircraft, and safety of crew.

SEXURITY PATROLMAN 08/2012 to 10/2013
Company Name | City, State

e Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of crew members, visitors and other persons to guard
against theft and maintain security of premises.

e Write reports of daily activities and irregularities such as equipment or property damage, theft,
presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences.

¢ Operate detecting devices to screen individuals and prevent passage of prohibited articles into
restricted areas.

e Warn persons of rule infractions or violations, and apprehend or evict violators from premises, using
force if necessary.

e Stand 12 hour force protection and armed sentry guard watches.

e Expert marksmen on 9mm, M16, M500 weapon systems.

e Non- lethal weapons qualified including retention baton, oleo resin capsicum spray.

« Global war on terrorism service medal, Sea service deployment medal, National defense service medal,
Good conduct medal, Pistol marksmanship ribbon (2)