PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hello, my name is Jessica Joseph Claire. | graduated high school in 2014 from Maine West High School in Des
Plaines Illinois. | took two semesters of community college at Oakton Community College while working part
time. In those two semesters | took a mix of general education and criminal justice. In October of 2016 |
enlisted into the United States Marine Corps where | worked as an hydraulic and composite (Airframe)
mechanic. | have gone on two deployments while serving. One deployment was the 13th Military Expeditionary
Unit (MEU) where | was aboard the USS Essex. During said deployment which lasted & months | visited foreign
countries such as; Malaysia, Thailand, Qatar, Bahrain, Dubai, and Afghanistan. My second deployment | was
deployed to Kuwait for 6 months where we supported combat operations in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. |
enjoyed my time in service and learned a lot of various skills and techniques both personal and work related.
However my true passion is firearms. Firearms technology, training, knowledge. manufacturing, gunsmithing,
laws and retail. | am open to all opportunities in these fields as this has been my passion for as long as | can
remember. Skills | have learned and obtained from life and my service in the Marine Corps are;
Communication, Confidence, Mechanical knowledge and skill, hard labor, Firearms Handling. Firearms
Knowledge. Marksmanship, Firearms training, Critical thinking, Troubleshooting, Quality Assurance, Structure,
Discipline, Group Cooperation, Leadership, Routine, Innovative, forward-thinking and Preparedness.
Analytical, results-driven professional and expert in the areas of product management, working specifically
with exclusive Government bodies including the US Army, US Airforce and US Navy.

Firearms enthusiast eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Clear understanding of firearms and ammunition and training in firearm safety. Motivated
to learn, grow and excel in the firearm industry.

e Strong communication e Adaptability
e Basic print reading skills and layout skills e Planning and Coordination
e Military maintenance requirements e Leadership
e Knowledge of aircraft hardware and materials e Analytical skills
and processes. e Teamwork
e Parts inspection ¢ Excellent work ethic
e Quality control e Cultural awareness
e Component examination e Security Practices
e Fault diagnosis ¢ Building Customer Relationships and Loyalty
e Safety-conscious e Available Nights. Weekends and Holidays
e Verbal and written communication e Merchandising and Display
e Training & Development e Merchandise Recommendations
e Supervision ¢ Brand Promotion
« Critical thinking e Ability to Lift 40 pounds
e Patrolling areas e Energy and Physical Stamina
e Safety guidelines ¢ Product Knowledge
¢ Training expertise e Flexible Hours
e Maintaining equipment e Store Policies and Procedures
e Identifying hazards e Inspection and Testing Reports

e Managing PPE
e Assessing risks

© AVIATION MECHANIC 11/2017 to 10/2021

Airquest Aviation | Butler, PA

¢ AS aMV22 Airframe Mechanic | was responsible for the repair of structural frames as well as
responsible for hydraulic components both servicing and integrity. As a MV22 Airframe Mechanic
servicing the aircraft with hydraulic fluid as well as servicing aircraft tires with nitrogen was a daily
routine. My day to day tasks consisted of ensuring the aircraft had properly working hydraulic
components as well as repairing any structural damage that may have happened to the aircraft.

e Calculate dimensions or tolerances, using instruments such as micrometers or vernier calipers.

e Set up, adjust, or operate basic or specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining
operations.

e Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, or materials onto machines.

e Measure, examine, or test completed units to check for defects and ensure conformance to
specifications, using precision instruments, such as micrometers.

e Maintain machine tools in proper operational condition.

e Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, or engineering information to determine methods or
sequences of operations needed to fabricate products.

e Operate equipment to verify operational efficiency.

e Check work pieces to ensure that they are properly lubricated or cooled. «Diagnose machine tool
malfunctions to determine need for adjustments or repairs.

e Design fixtures, tooling, or experimental parts to meet special engineering needs.

e Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock to display placement of cuts. -Set up or operate metalworking,
brazing, heat-treating. welding, or cutting equipment.

e Support metalworking projects from planning and fabrication through assembly, inspection, and testing,
using knowledge of machine functions. metal properties and mathematics.

e Dispose of scrap or waste material in accordance with company policies and environmental regulations.

e Separate scrap waste and related materials for reuse, recycling, or disposal.

e Dismantle machines or equipment, using hand tools or power tools to examine parts for defects and
replace defective parts where needed. «Install repaired parts into equipment or install new equipment.

e Test experimental models under simulated operating conditions for purposes such as development,
standardization, or feasibility of design.

03CD BASIC INFANTRYMAN 01/2021 to 04/2021
Fiesta Mart | Fort Worth, TX

« As a0300 Basic Infantryman | was responsible for the mentorship of junior Marines in the training of
their respected Infantry career. Whether that be Machine Gunner, Mortarman, Infantryman, Assualtman.
We trained in various techniques of marksmanship, hand to hand combat, land navigation and physical
fitness. We also trained each other in team building, leadership, self-confidence and structure.

e Initiate, facilitate, and moderate classroom discussions. «Plan, evaluate, and revise curricula, course
content, course materials. and methods of instruction.

e Supervise and provide instructions for workers collecting and tabulating data

e Patrolled designated coverage areas and evaluated terrain for defensive use.

e Researched targets developed by various modes of intelligence to determine relevance to mission
objectives and usefulness in field operations.

e Constructed and camouflaged infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection.

e Led fire team during infantry dismounted battle drills and situational training exercises.

e Led basic reconnaissance operations and reported enemy movements to commanding officers.

e Responded to emergencies with speed, efficiency and knowledgeable assistance.

e Trained in use of tear gas, passive ordnance and explosives.

e Performed as fire team member during situational training exercises and infantry dismounted battle
drills.

MCAT WRAPPER 12/2015 to 08/2016
Jewels Osco | City, STATE

e Weighed, wrapped and labeled meat products for sale to grocery customers.

e Protected consumers by consistently following food handling and safety guidelines.

e Performed meat inspections and checked temperature environment to maximize food safety.

e Prepared and placed meat cuts and products in display counter to ease shopping experience of
customers.

e Kept shelves and display cases organized, products fronted and expired items removed.

e Assisted customers with selecting types and cuts of meat by answering questions and offering
recommendations.

e Replenished cases through shifts to maintain consistent sales.

e Upheld department presentation standards with regular cleaning.

e Unloaded new product from delivery vehicles and moved efficiently to cooler and freezer for proper
storage.

e Offered guests top-notch service, greeting every person and assisting with needs such as locating
products.

No Degree | HDG. Basic Infantry Marine. Marksmanship, Combat
United States Marine Corps, Oceanside, CA

Cectificate | Leading Marines DEP. Leadership And Judgment 04/2018
United States Marine Corps, San Diego, CA

Ce_tificate | V-22 Airframes Structures (Osprey) 10/2017
United States Marine Corps, Jacksonville, NC

Ce_tificate | V-22 Airframes Organizational Maintenance 10/2017
United States Marine Corps, Jacksonville, NC

Cectificate | Aviation Structural Mechanics Common Core 07/2017
United States Marine Corps, Pensacola, FL

Ce_tificate | Aviation Structural Mechanic Organizational Level 07/2017
United States Marine Corps, Jacksonville, NC

« United States Marine Corps

English:
Negotiated: