JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Energetic Maintenance professional offering years of experience working in residential and commercial environments. Expertise in equipment
calibration, blueprint interpretation and device diagnostics. Proven history of exceptional commitment and work ethic.

Skilled Laborer able to thrive independently or as a team member. Proactive in creating a safe and productive environment.

Physically capable Laborer effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. Consistently follows through with all orders and
instructions. Works well in a team setting.

SKILLS

e Troubleshooting e Good mechanical aptitude
e Heavy lifting e Construction means and methods
¢ Procedure and policy adherence e Team player
e Safety meetings ¢ High school diploma
¢ Pipe cutting e Blueprint reading and interpretation
e Water line laying ¢ Good verbal/written communication skills
e Equipment maintenance © Welder certificate
¢ Traffic flagging e Exceptional problem solver
* Troubleshooting at component level * Consistent work history
e Timely project completion e Friendly and hardworking
e Basic math skills e Plumbing
e Forklift and heavy equipment experience e Excellent driving record
* Quality control e Blueprint interpretation
e Accurate measurements and estimates e Strong communication skills
© Power tools * Strong work ethic

EXPERIENCE

Aviation Structural Mechanic, 07/2015 - 01/2020
Garney — Denver, CO
e Prepared metal parts of requisite measurements by way of fabrication, soldering stretching or shrinking.
e Maintained various aircraft systems, including air conditioning, cabin and cockpit heat and pressurization and ventilation.
e Enforced safety regulations and FAA standards governing production, maintenance and operation of aircraft.
¢ Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.
¢ Installed fire extinguishers and other safety devices.
¢ Performed preventative maintenance on aircraft.

e House cleaning, making sure of a safe work environment free of FOD hazards and clutter.

Pipe Layer, 09/2005 - 05/2014
Dignity Health — Gilbert, AZ
¢ Repaired sanitary and storm water sewer structures and pipe systems.
e Directed equipment operators and alerted to hazards by using effective hand signals.
¢ Located underground utilities in preparation for digging and marked locations to prevent damage.
e Handled all responsibilities for piping systems, including fabricating, assembling, installing and maintaining.
¢ Fabricated and positioned screw pipe, socket weld pipe and stainless steel tubing.
¢ Read and interpreted specifications, diagrams and blueprints for the job.
e Threaded pipes using specified machinery.
e Applied specialized skills such as welding and cementing to complete high-quality piping work.
¢ Bored holes into existing structures to install piping to meet new system specifications.
« Managed movement of materials and equipment to different job sites.
© Observed safe work rules, including fall protection and PPE.

Maintenance Worker, 03/1996 - 07/2002
Lost Lake Woods — City, STATE
¢ Polished glass surfaces or windows and cleaned or buffed tile floors through safe utilization of industrial cleaning agents and equipment.
e Set up, positioned, and removed furniture to prepare facility for special events.
e Carefully followed supervisor's written and verbal instructions in regards to each day's duties and assignments.
* Inspected and maintained facilities to maximize cleanliness and support upkeep targets.
* Replaced bulbs in light fixtures and regularly checked smoke and carbon monoxide detectors to maintain proper functionality.
* Identified problems during daily work inspections and addressed concerns with supervisor.
« Removed snow from sidewalks, driveways, and parking areas by applying salt chemicals.
e Replaced wall sockets, ran lines and completed basic carpentry to finish installations.
* Repaired leaking faucets, clogged toilets and other equipment to keep bathrooms fully functional.
e Cleaned building floors, gathered and emptied trash receptacles and re-stocked [Type] areas.
¢ Placed trash, yard clippings and other types of debris in proper receptacles to keep grounds neat and manicured.
e Dismantled equipment to access. remove and replace defective parts to maintain operability.
© Mowed and trimmed lawns, using mowers and hand-powered trimmers, cleared debris from the grounds.
e Cleaned restrooms using ammonia and other chemicals to minimize spread of germs.
e Assessed cleaning product levels in inventory and ordered stock from the appropriate supplier.
¢ Diagnosed and repaired mechanical machinery issues.
e Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
® Collected and removed trash.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Welding: Welding, 11/2002

Alpena Community College - Alpena, MI

Certificate of Completion: B-747-400 General Familiarization , 05/2018
Kalitta Air LLC. - Oscoda Mi

On The Job Training Airframe Mechanics Helper: AirFrame Structure Mechanic, 06/2016
Kalitta Air LLC. - Oscoda Mi