Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Demonstrated success in working with vendors, customers and team members to meet tight schedule

SUMMARY demands. Skilled at handling internal organization and inventory counts, resolving customer problems and
working with suppliers to achieve objectives. Talented Logistics Specialist with detail-oriented and hardworking
approach to keeping goods flowing efficiently. Knowledgeable about coordinating both inbound and outbound
schedules. Highly organized and forward-thinking team player.

SKILLS © « Employee Training e = Efficient Routing
« Shipment Coordination e Inventory Accuracy
e Transportation Planning e Safety Monitoring and Management
« Records Accuracy e Customer Relations

« Overseeing Deliveries

WORK HISTORY © AVIATION LOGISTICS SPECIALIST 06/2019 to CURRENT
Labcorp | Jackson, MS

« Specialize in shipping AOG aircraft parts, life saving organs and blood for transplant and research,
rapid returns, heavy weight or oversize freight and dangerous goods.

« Complete job orders from clients and monitor all aspects of the job while in transit until completion, while
maintaining a high level of quality data entry and record keeping for 24/7/365 service.

« Review all documentation for domestic transport, export or import of international shipments and
Dangerous Goods declarations for accuracy.

e Assist and provide guidance to client and internal/external staff on specialized job orders, price quotes,
billing questions or logistical areas such as warehousing, Dangerous Goods regulations, Customs,
USDA, FDA or other government agencies.

e Minimized process discrepancies with time critical shipments by closely monitoring shipments while
working closely with other Quick offices located in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles.

« Reported emergencies, weather delays and carrier schedule changes to customers and supervisors.

« Tracked and managed transfer paperwork such as packing lists.

e« Detected and resolved multifaceted issues related to business direction and operations.

« Worked with customers to integrate processes and correct issues.

« Coordinated incoming and outgoing shipments to maintain schedules.

e Used in-house tracking system to schedule shipments of goods to customer warehouses.

e« Provided customers with status updates for tracked packages.

e Managed and tracked package transfers such as bills of lading, delivery receipts, packing lists and load
tags.

e Issued timely and accurate responses to both internal and external inquiries.

« Collaborated with shipping department staff to facilitate smooth materials returns to correct vendors.

e« Achieved team goals by assisting co workers in coordinating and deploying best practices.

« Coordinated driver dispatch to accomplish daily delivery requirements.

e« Worked with vendors to schedule daily pickups and weekly deliveries.

e Built long-term relationships due to prompt and courteous service.

e Verified transactions, product orders and shipping dates and entered information into databases and
reports.

e« Coordinated with freight forwarder to provide vendor shipping details and obtain shipping updates.

e« Handled high-volume paperwork and collaborated with administrators to resolve invoicing and shipping
problems.

« Oversaw every phase of supply chain, from purchase order to delivery to invoicing, targeting 100%
end-user satisfaction.

e« Prepared timely rate estimates and strategic bid packages.

SLOERVISOR 02/2011 to 06/2019
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. | Saint Albans, VT

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize
workflows.

e Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

e Handled customer complaints, resolved issues and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.

e Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

e Monitored workflow to improve employee time management and increase productivity.

e Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

e Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays
due to hazards or inefficient layouts.

e Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.

e Developed training. task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to
employees.

e Mentored newly hired employees on operating equipment and safety and developed training manual to
use for reference.

e Conducted employee evaluations to provide feedback and set expectations for future job performance.

e Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

e Enforced rules and regulations outlined in company manual to set forth expectations comprehensibly
and consistently.

e Conducted routine inspections to check quality and compliance with established specifications.

e Identified unsafe or unhealthful workplace conditions or hazards to enforce safe work practices and
procedures.

e Interviewed, hired and trained new employees for production positions.

e Delegated high volumes of work to empower team, build trust and assist with professional development.

e Coordinated employee schedules to keep pace with business needs and meet company demands.

e Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.

e Tracked and prepared quarterly reports to present to leadership.

e Prepared, calibrated and monitored production levels to achieve targets.

e Organized contests and established goals to optimize productivity and improve employee morale.

e Defined operational metrics to evaluate efficiency of processes and procedures.

e Revitalized operational structures and procedures to successfully control turnover and waste, enhance
output and boost overall quality.

e Cash handling, inventory, supply and demand management

e Achieved results by working with staff to meet established targets.

D£CA ENTRY OPERATOR III 01/2009 to 03/2011
Lunarline, Inc | City, STATE

e Provide motor carriers with USDOT and MC number, while ensuring applicants are in compliance with
USDOT / FMCSA rules and regulations.

e Data entry and form processing of MCS-150 and MCS-150B applications.

e Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

e Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.

e Maintained files, records and chronologies of entry activities.

e Entered numerical data into databases with speed and accuracy using 10-key pad.

e Monitored database updates and verified for correctness.

e Reviewed completed work for compliance with regulations.

e Corrected data entry errors to prevent duplication or data degradation.

e Compiled and verified accuracy and sorting information to prepare source data for computer entry.

e Organized, sorted and checked input data against original documents.

e Tracked and maintained records for FMCSA department.

e Coded and processed applications into required electronic formats.

e Added documents to file records and created new records to support filing needs.

e Increased data-entry productivity by maintaining detailed logs of data projects, identifying issues and
improving them.

BéQISTA 09/2005 to 09/2009
STARBUCKS COFFEE COMPANY | City, STATE

« Created wide variety of hot and cold drinks in average shifts with consistently positive customer
satisfaction scores.

« Monitored supply levels at counter and maintained customer areas to meet typical demands.

« Recommended products based on solid understanding of individual customer needs and preferences.

« Pleasantly interacted with customers during hectic periods to promote fun, positive environment.

« Controlled line and crowd with quick, efficient service.

e Elevated customer loyalty by using strong communication abilities to resolve customer problems.

¢ Made and served brand-specific café beverages with focus on speed, quality and consistency.

e Trained new employees, sharing knowledge and expertise of coffees, teas and merchandise.

« Complied with standards for merchandising. stocking and storing product.

« Completed successful daily cash audits to correctly balance drawers at end of shifts.

e Explained beverage preparation and offered samples to help customers choose ideal items.

e« Engendered customer loyalty by remembering personal preferences and allergy information.

« Promoted additional items with beverages, increasing store sales.

¢ Maintained regular and consistent attendance and punctuality.

EDUCATION () Associate of Arts | Cosmetology 10/2013
Regency Beauty Institute , Manassas, VA