JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

—  —__ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Over 13 years of successful management and leadership experience with a reputation for meeting the most challenging organizational goals and
objectives. A pragmatic and focused individual recognized for making seemingly impossible situations work. A proven and verifiable record
recovering naval aircraft safely ashore and afloat as an Aviation Boatswain's Mate Equipment launch and recovery specialist.

SKILLS

© Motivated team player e Team building
e Time management e Safey management
e Exceptional leadership skills e Follows procedures
e Attention to detail e Able to learn quickly
e Excellent written and oral communication skills ¢ Industrial equipment operation experience
e MS Windows expert e Active listening skills
e Troubleshooting ¢ Competent with power tools

Work HIsToRy

Aviation Boatswain Mate Equipment, 07/2000 - Current
United State Navy — City, STATE

e Maintaining and performing organizational maintenance on hydraulic and steam catapults, barricades, arresting gear and arresting gear
engines.

e Supervise and conduct training for junior personnel.

e Operating catapult launch and arresting consoles, firing panels, water brakes, blast deflectors and cooling panels.

© Performing aircraft handling duties related to the operation of launch and recovery of naval aircraft.

e Review and validate aircraft logs and records, tech libraries and planned maintenance system.

e Support the maintenance and administrative duties of all work centers.

e Maintain the tool control program and interface with supply for aircraft launch and recovery equipment parts.

e Control maintenance requirement information concerning equipment status, operational requirements, workloads and quality assurance
programs.

e Programmed and troubleshot devices following installation.

e Completed preventative and corrective maintenance on equipment.

© Operated heavy duty lathes, boring machines and mills, planers, shapers and grinders.

e Overhauled heavy machinery such as pumps, fans, governors and gear reducers.
© Operated forklifts, hoists and other material handling equipment.

EDUCATION
Associate of Science: Pre-Engineering, Current
San Diego City College - San Diego, CA

CERTIFICATIONS
© Certified Teacher/Instructor
¢ Damage Control Training Team (DCTT)
e Afloat Training Specialist (ATS)
e Master Training Specialist (MTS)
e Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)
© Quality Assurance Inspector (QAT)
e Command Fitness Leader (CFL)
© Certified Maintenance Technician