JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Knowledgeable Boatswain's Mate comfortable leading array of responsibilities aboard US Naval ships. Navigation expert taking charge during
damage control situations. Integral leader onboard with 3 years of experience and excellent communication skills.

SKILLS
¢ Deck and Boat Seamanship ¢ Routine Inspections
e Aircraft Fueling e Emergency Situations
e Operation of Fueling Stations e Fire Extinguishers
e Performing maintenance on fueling stations and equipment e Fuel Systems
« Communicating with other people ® Unloading of Fuel
¢ Problem solving under pressure e Aviation Regulations
¢ Keeping a calm attitude in a stressful environment e Safety Precautions
e Repairing fueling stations or equipment e Active Learning
* Pallet Jacks ¢ Power Tools
¢ Metal Detectors e Maintenance Requirements
e Underway Replenishment e Risk Management
e Aircraft Fueling e Safety Protocols
e Activity Development e Aircraft Movements
Work HIsTory

Aviation Boatswain's Mate, Fuels, 10/2021 - Current
Brightview Landscapes, Lic — Murrieta, CA

e AVIATION BOATSWAINS MATE FUELS

e Summary

e Performed a wide variety of work regarding fueling over 10+ different types of aircraft including Harrier’s and Helicopters on the USS
ESSEX from March ist 2021 to October 21 2023. Completed a large amount of under-ways and work-ups leading up to a successful
deployment from August 13 2021 to March 4th 2022. Received Global War on Terrorism medal in 2021. Involved in Over 3,500 fueling
evolutions total with no mishaps.

* Operating fuel stations, aligning fueling station properly regarding correct order of valves opening and closing.

* Standing fuels security watch, walking all of the fuel spaces onboard the ship ensuring there are no fire’s, flooding or unauthorized
personnel.

® Qualified in Damage control

© Qualified in craftsman

® Qualified in flight deck observer

* Qualified in fueling crewman

® Qualified in fueling crew leader

® Qualified in fuel control talker

* Qualified in damage control petty officer

* Qualified in 3M

* Qualified in Advanced damage control

e Examined cargo-handling gear and lifesaving equipment to repair or replace defective gear and equipment.

* Stood watch during specified periods and determined geographical position of ship.

* Supervised and coordinated activities of crew aboard ship.

e Oversaw cargo handling and inspected anchoring, mooring, fueling, towing and transferring of personnel and cargo.

e Oversaw underway replenishment procedures to maintain equipment used in unloading and loading fuel.

Landscaper, 08/2020 - 10/2021
Marinemax — Somers Point, NJ
e Maintained grounds by trimming, weeding and general clean-up.
¢ Performed planting, watering, mulching and edging of lawns.
* Removed weeds, hazards and debris from common pathways to improve usability.
¢ Used trimmers and chainsaws for grounds maintenance, brush clearing and tree removal and thinning.
¢ Provided expert lawn care, mulching, aerating and trimming around walks, walls and flower beds.
¢ Handled hedge, bush and shrub trimming.
¢ Removed and disposed of plant debris from work sites to keep areas safe and well-organized.
e Trimmed greenery, shrubs and hedges to maintain uniform appearance.
e Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health.
* Operated landscaping equipment with focus on safety and machine longevity.
e Transferred materials to designated areas using hand trucks, electric carts and wheelbarrows.
¢ Mulched gardens, placed sod and adjusted soils to provide optimal growth potential.
e Applied mulch to garden beds for protection against weeds and unwanted growth.
* Used shears, pruners and chainsaws to prune and trim hedges and shrubs.
e Installed and maintained landscapes at homes, offices and parks.
e Applied weed and pest control chemicals to lawns, protecting grass growth and improving appearance.
¢ Monitored weekly and daily scheduled tasks to achieve desired workflow speed.
¢ Followed planned landscaping designs to determine placement of sod, sown grass, flowers and foliage.
* Opened containers with steel cutters, claw hammers and other hand tools.
e Diagnosed problems with equipment and performed regular maintenance for long-term functionality.
e Reviewed plans and designs to verify completeness of grounds work.
¢ Worked with customers to develop designer landscaping plans for various budgets.

Service Porter, 02/2016 - 07/2020
Merion Caters — City, STATE
e¢ Communicated with coworkers and managers about completed jobs.
® Operated vacuums and floor polishers to avoid malfunctions and expensive repairs.
e Assessed high-traffic areas, hallways, lobby areas and reception for cleanliness.
¢ Performed cleaning and maintenance duties as directed.
e Completed sweeping, mopping and window-cleaning.
e Cleaned and organized building areas as required.
e Demonstrated commitment through impeccable attendance and quality performance.
e Responded to customer requests efficiently and with knowledgeable assistance.
e Moved cars around lot to increase space efficiency.
e Parked and retrieved cars according to customer needs.
e Handled cash, made accurate change and maintained balanced cash drawer.
e Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to responses.
e Managed ticket stubs, payments and other records for regular and special event customers.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 06/2019
Cinnaminson High School - Cinnaminson, NJ