Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
SUMMARY professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

SKILLS © e« Safey management e Motivated to help others
« Follows procedures « Decisive
e Able to learn quickly e Strong leader
« Global travel e Emergency planning
e Multitasking skills « Compelling presentation skills
« Quality/Safety Assurance FAA staff experience ¢ Operations management
« Written and oral communication skills ¢ Training and development
e Skilled public speaker e Auditing
e« Program auditing e Risk management assessments
e« Service-oriented e HAZMAT training
« Valid U.S. Passport e Proofreading and editing
e Incipient Fire Safety training e Exceptional communication skills

e Government security clearance
e Military experience

e Risk analysis training

e Investigation documentation

e Conflict resolution

e Motivated to help others

WORK HISTORY © AVIATION SAFETY INSPECTOR 05/2003 to 2015
Department Of Defense | Gahanna, OH

e Checked vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment is in good working
order

e Checked security of cargo for transport, using ropes, blocks, chain, binders, or covers

e Inspected product load for accuracy

e Inspected maintainence logs of working hours and of vehicle service and repair status, for compliance
with applicable federal regulations

e Inspected loading and unloading of personnel and cargo

TRONSPORTATION SECURITY OFFICER 08/2002 to 05/2003
Securitas Security Services Usa, Inc. | Redmond

| conducted security screening of airline passengers prior to aircraft boarding.

e Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of passengers and airport employees

¢ Circulated among passengers and employees to preserve order and protect property.

e Detected suspicious activities and watched for criminal acts and rule infractions.

e Operated detecting devices to screen individuals and prevent passage of prohibited articles into
restricted areas.

e Denied entrance to the building to unauthorized persons.

e Screened all passengers, crew members and employees for weapons and contraband.

AICLINE CAPTAIN 02/1995 to 08/2001
Midway Airlines | City, STATE

e Started engines, operated controls and piloted airplanes to transport passengers, mail or freight,
adhering to flight plans, regulations and procedures.

e Utilized standard operating procedures, effective crew resource management, communication and
procedures specified in the company operation manual.

e« Ensured that all crewmembers were fully qualified, properly rested, prepared for flight, had all required
licenses and certificates in their possession and were briefed on all specific requirements of the trip.

e« Ensured that all aircraft operational matters were within manufacturers, FAA and company limits
including fuel loading, weight and balance and performance measures.

e« Determined the timing or procedures for flight vector changes.

e Monitored gauges, warning devices and control panels to verify aircraft performance and to regulate
engine speed.

e Provided flight path changes or directions to emergency landing fields.

« Reassured passengers when situations such as turbulence are encountered.

« Remained current and qualified in assigned aircraft.

EDUCATION (© Bachelor of Science | Education 1968
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN