PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

For the past 34+ years have been working for Boeing as an AMT. The duties have mainly been on
Commercial Aircraft from the beginning of my Career. And then moved over to Experimental Flight Test and
have been there up to the present.

At the beginning of my Boeing Career, worked Pre Flight and Delivery for the Production side, mainly 737 and
757 aircraft in Renton and the Seattle Delivery Center.

Currently am working the Experimental Flight Test Division. Began with the first 777 Model Certification
Program in 1994. Have worked all models of the 777.

Following that was involved with the 737 Next Generation and various other test programs involving the
evolution and improvements of the 737 aircraft. Aso worked the Certification of 747 Dream lifter.

It was in Taipei, Taiwan for the build and Modification. The Flight Test Certification was in the US, and the
Function and Reliability Testing and Certification was done around the world, at various sites where 787 parts
are built.

Was involved in the 737 MAX Program with the initial build and instrumentation of 4 Experimental Flight Test
airplanes.

Was assigned to Airplane 3 (1A003) on the MAX & and Airplane 1 (1E001) on the MAX 7 worked the Test and
Certification all the way to Change and Corporation prior to turning the aircraft over to Production.

Also worked at the vendor sites on various programs

setting up and installing instrumentation prior to supporting the various Flight Test Programs. Involved in the
Instrumentation of the new landing gear system at Collins Landing Gear Systems / Oakville Canada for the
737 MAX 10 prior to delivery BF Goodrich, Everett

Am currently supporting the 777-9 Certification Program

Working on WHO002 the second test aircraft.

Before Boeing spent 4 years in the United States Air Force as a Crew Chief on F-4D fighter jets and about 8
years working Civil Service at McClellan AFB.

Doing Heavy Overhaul and Modifications on A-10, F-111 fighters, T-39 Military transport jets. Aerospace
Maintenance Journeyman with proven skills in equipment, system and component repair for aircraft. Versed in
conducting tests, repairing components and installing new systems. Quality-driven and efficient with
remarkable work ethic. Efficient Aircraft Mechanic with diverse skill set honed over 40 years in aviation
industry. Airframe and Power Plant licensed and committed to continuous professional development.

e Hydraulic Components e Aircraft Repair and Maintenance

e Removing Engines e Program Improvements

e Oxygen Systems e Aircraft Forms and Documentation
e Pre- and Post-Flight Inspections ¢ Root Cause Analysis

e Aircraft Movements ¢ Active Listening

e Structural Systems e Removing Components

e Aircraft Safety Checks e Engineering Activities

e Mechanical Assembly

© AVIATION MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN - FLIGHT TEST 06/1988 to CURRENT

Lockheed Martin | Little Rock, AR

e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness,
prevention and safety at all times.

e Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes,
transmissions and mechanical flight controls.

e Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment.

« Documented all inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS.

e Maintained up-to-date and accurate logs and permanent records

e Disassembled, repaired and reassembled engines

e Inspected equipment, systems and components for operational readiness and compliance with
standards

e Calculated aircraft weight and balance, performance and fuel requirements

e Scheduled and completed maintenance according to or ahead of schedule

e Trained and instructed subordinates on maintenance procedures

e Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station

e Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes,
transmissions and mechanical flight controls

e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement

e Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems

e Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication

e Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly and monthly reporting

e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed

e Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks

¢ Monitored parts department and placed orders for maintenance supplies on consistent basis

e Documented all inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS

e Coordinated and distributed exposure and contamination control procedures

e Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems

« Completed paperwork, recognizing discrepancies and promptly addressing for resolution

e Calculated aircraft weight and balance, performance and fuel requirements.

e Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.

e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

e Inspected equipment, systems and components for operational readiness and compliance with
standards.

e Scheduled and completed maintenance according to or ahead of schedule.

e Trained and instructed subordinates on maintenance procedures.

e Disassembled, repaired and reassembled engines.

e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.

e Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.

W-08 AIRCRAFT WORKER / CIVIL SERVICE 01/1982 to 05/1988
United States Air Force / McClellan AFB | City, STATE

e Inspected aircraft for cracks, metal fatigue and other signs of wear or damage.

e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

« Worked flexible hours, night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

e Prepared variety of different written communications. reports and documents

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions

e Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor

e Actively listened to customers’ requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns

e Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule

e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed

e Led projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement

e Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships

e Monitored company inventory to keep stock levels and databases updated

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems

e Onboarded new temps by entering employee information into systems

e Adhered to social distancing protocols and wore mask or face shield

e Devoted special emphasis to punctuality and worked to maintain outstanding attendance record

e Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service

e Worked within applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working
environment

e Created plans and communicated deadlines to complete projects on time

e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time

e Carried out day-to-day duties accurately and efficiently

e Collaborated with team members to achieve target results

e Developed team communications and information for meetings

e Successfully maintained clean, valid driver's license and access to reliable transportation

e Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins

e Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere

e Developed and implemented performance improvement strategies and plans to promote continuous
improvement

e Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging in problem-solving
activities to support teamwork

e Conducted research, gathered information from multiple sources and presented results

e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment

AIl-CRAFT MAINTENANCE SPECIALIST 02/1977 to 06/1981
United States Air Force | City, STATE

e Performed flight line AFE preflight and postflight requirements.

« Obtained fuel and oil samples to check for contamination.

e Serviced electrical, pumps and air handling systems.

e Lubricated shafts, bearings and gears to maintain optimal performance.

e Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes,
transmissions and mechanical flight controls.

e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.

e Lubricated shafts, bearings and gears to maintain optimal performance

e« Obtained fuel and oil samples to check for contamination

e« Maintained, repaired and rebuilt aircraft structures and fuel, electrical and oxygen systems

« Diagnosed faults and developed resolution plans

« Removed components such as landing gear, engines and flight control

e« Performed scheduled and unscheduled inspections to check flight readiness of aircraft

e Inspected all received aircraft parts to verify compliance with FAA regulations

e« Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment

e« Analyzed engineering drawings and schematics to troubleshoot systems and diagnose solutions

e Inspected airframes to detect wear and other defects

*« Operated power tools, gauges and testing equipment to adjust, repair and replace faulty components in
aircrafts

« Documented all inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS

e Performed flight line AFE preflight and postflight requirements

« Maintained repair logs to document all corrective and preventive aircraft maintenance

« Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes,
transmissions and mechanical flight controls

« Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems

e Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks

« Reduced expenditures by repairing systems through [Action] and minimizing [Type] equipment
maintenance.

General Studies
American River College, Sacramento, CA

e« Licensed:
« Airframe and Power Plant
* 3139582