JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Evaluates aircraft and verifies technical compliance of aircraft maintenance professionals to maintain adherence to FAA standards. Successful at
watching processes, reviewing documents and surveilling operations to accurately assess safety and reliability. Knowledgeable about federal
standards governing passenger, experimental and cargo aircraft. Meticulous and systematic knowledge conducting in-depth accident and
complaint investigations to find root causes and determine claim validity. Organizes timely and efficient testing programs. Over 25 years in
flight line, manufacturing and military aerospace environments. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities
with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

ACCCOMPLISHMENTS

© Collaborated with team of 5 in the development of Alaska Region Certification team.

¢ Collaborated with team of 4in the development of Alaska Region fatal, Serious accident team.
* Office PASS Rep for the last 13 years.

e Office OSHA trainer for the last 13 years

SKILLS

* Safety assessment e Dependable and Responsible
e Inspection skills ® Critical Thinking
e Reporting compliance e First Aid/CPR
e Investigation coordination e PPE Compliance
e Good Telephone Etiquette e Teamwork and Collaboration
e Analytical and Critical Thinking

Work HIsToRy

Aviation Safety Inspector, 01/2007 - Current
Department Of Defense — Fort Lewis, WA
e Evaluated air carriers, air agencies and air operators to make recommendations to principal inspector or supervisor.
* Monitored, planned or conducted inspection programs.
e Inspected aircraft and related equipment for airworthiness.
e Evaluated mechanics and repair facilities for initial certification and continuing adequacy.
e Kept operations in compliance with FAA ce professionals to keep aircraft in service.
¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
e Kept operations in compliance with FAA Part 135,133 and 137 requirements.

Airframe and Powerplant Mechanic, 04/1998 - 01/2007
Piedmont Airlines — Pittsburgh, PA

e Inspected aircraft daily to assess airworthiness.

¢ Updated logs and filled out maintenance reports with high accuracy and efficiency.

e Read and interpreted manufacturer and airline maintenance manuals, service bulletins and other specifications to determine feasibility and
method of repairing or replacing malfunctioning or damaged components.

e Rebuilt aircraft structures and functional components in accordance with maintenance manual, FAA regulations and aviation services
policies and procedures.

¢ Performed routine equipment inspections and maintained and completed corrective actions by referring to workbooks and technical
publications to determine specifications.

¢ Recorded inspection and maintenance actions using log books, computer terminals and other technical applications.

* Coordinated parts and material requisitions to expedite aircraft maintenance and repairs.

¢ Completed scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on Part 135, 133 and 137 aircraft.

e Prepared, inventoried and recorded aircraft parts and components to prevent corrosion, failure and misuse.

e Serviced and repaired fuel, electrical, hydraulic and other aircraft systems.

* Completed scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on Part 135,133 and 137 aircraft.

e Rigged and adjusted flight controls.

e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.

e Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.

¢ Worked within guidelines established by internal, manufacturer and regulatory authorities.

¢ Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes, transmissions and mechanical flight controls.

e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.

* Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.

¢ Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.

e Monitored parts department and placed orders for maintenance supplies on consistent basis.

Aviation Machinist's Mate, 01/1987 - 01/1998
US Coast Guard — City, STATE
¢ Used technical data to diagnose and solve maintenance problems on aircraft systems.
e Disassembled, repaired and replaced components in aircraft's body or engine.
¢ Maintained records of repair work, parts replacement and routine maintenance.
e Performed aircraft structural repairs as related to sheet metal and composite structures.
e Performed ground checks and assisted functional check pilots with in-flight functional check procedures.
e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.
¢ Recorded maintenance actions in aircraft logbooks.
¢ Removed and installed aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes, transmissions and mechanical flight controls.
e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.
* Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.
¢ Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.
¢ Monitored parts department and placed orders for maintenance supplies on consistent basis.
e Maintained, inspected, adjusted and packed aircrew flight equipment.
* Coordinated and distributed exposure and contamination control procedures.
© Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

Infantryman (11B). 04/1983 - 03/1997
Alaska Army National Guard — City, STATE
e Responded to emergencies with speed, efficiency and knowledgeable assistance.
e Performed as fire team member during situational training exercises and infantry dismounted battle drills.
* Patrolled designated coverage areas and evaluated terrain for defensive use.
e Led fire team during infantry dismounted battle drills and situational training exercises.
¢ Led fire teams during battle drills and training exercises.
e Trained in use of tear gas, passive ordnance and explosives.
* Constructed and camouflaged infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection.
e Led basic reconnaissance operations and reported enemy movements to commanding officers.
e Taught personnel to mitigate environmental hazards and properly use personal protective equipment such as chem gear for battle scenarios.

e Directed logistical training procedures in accordance with military regulations.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 05/1984
Petersburg High School - Petersburg, AK