ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

> Jessica Claire a veteran seeking to transition from the United States Navy to a civilian lifestyle. Offers

expertise in administrative, organization and computer skills. | am an reliable, diligent and flexible professional
with superb communication capabilities.

e Effective team leader e Deadline-oriented

« CPR certified e Spreadsheet development

« Confidential Security Clearance e Schedule management

« Extremely organized e« Excel spreadsheets

e Trained in defensive tactics e Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint proficiency
e« Energetic and organized e Quick learner

e Attention to detail « Strong verbal communication!

) Awarded the Good Conduct Award in 2015.

Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.

AVIATION BOATSWAINS MATE HANDLER 04/2012 to 03/2014
York Hospital | Kittery, ME

| was a qualified Blue Shirt, | was able to help direct, chock and chain aircraft on board an aircraft carrier.
While i stood watch above the hangar bay making sure there was no fires or injuries that had occurred during
my working hours. After entering Newport News Shipyard i was sent to the Firewatch Team and was able to do
my time and help keep the contractors safe while the welding.

ACCMINISTRATIVE YEOMAN 10/2015 to 01/2017
U.S. Navy | City, STATE

During my final year and a half in the Navy | took care of 150 Sailors. Routed over 300 chits, kept the trackers
updated with the correct information, helped check in over 30 new Sailors. handled Personally Identifiable
Information(Pll) for everyone, gained the a great amount of respect from my higher chain of command and |
learned how to handle any situation with a positive attitude.

SEQURITY 09/2014 to 10/2015
U.S. Navy | City, STATE

During my time in Security | handled many visitor requests, Personally Identifiable Information(Pll), encrypted
many Common Access Card(CAC) and helped keep all the paper work organized. In results with my hard work
and great customer service and great Military Barring | stood out to the Officers and Senior Enlisted and was
personally selected to be Yeoman.

ACCAINISTRATION YEOMAN 03/2014 to 08/2014
U.S. Navy | City, STATE

| worked for a Master Chief, so | was in charge of 200 Sailor's Accountability, routing paperwork that needed
to be taking care of and handling New Check-ins. During this time | received my Good Conduct Award.

High School Diploma 2011
Deer Park High School, Deer Park, Texas

Nuing
Thomas Nelson Community College, Hampton, Virginia
Currently attending Thomas Nelson Community College(TNCC) to become a nurse.