Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Experience

Aviation Maintenance Technician 2, 10/2012 to Current
Iconma, L.L.C. — Benson, MN

¢ Led teams and delegated tasks to install, maintain or repair systems and wiring.

¢ Installed, repaired and updated plumbing supply lines and fixtures, electrical, hydraulic, pneumatic, fluid systems and HVAC
systems.

e Created professional, to-scale sketches to communicate and clarify special requirements.

e Completed comprehensive code compliance evaluations for various aircraft related projects.

* Coached and supervised work of mechanics, including oversight of task assigned and task completed.

¢ Fostered and maintained collaborative professional working relationship with leadership team and client.

¢ Delivered completed airworthiness aircraft to customer on time.

e Provided excellent service and attention to customers’

¢ Defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.

¢ Leveraged applicable software and data to input and compile data gathered from various sources for testing, quality, and proper
procedures to verify systems compliance.

¢ Maintained updated knowledge through teaching and learning.

¢ Removed, dismantled, rehabilitated and reinstalled engines.

e Updated logs, wrote reports and maintained permanent records.

e Oversaw preventive, predictive and corrective maintenance to maintain equipment readiness.

¢ Completed timely inspections of aircraft systems and components to check performance and safety.

¢ Delivered training, mentored and motivated junior team members to accomplish challenging workloads.

¢ Cultivated safe and organized work area by maintaining active control over tools and equipment and retaining FOD awareness
at all times.

e Executed corrosion control and inspection duties with minimal supervision.

¢ Maintained aircraft environmental systems, oxygen systems, fire extinguishing systems and utility systems.

e Oversaw inventory usage and executed replenishment duties when needed.

¢ Supervised and completed flight line foreign object prevention walks.

e Executed preventative and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.

e Recorded all maintenance performance in aircraft logbooks and completed other paperwork requirements as needed.

e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.

Quality Inspector, 06/2010 to 10/2012
Enlink Midstream, Llc — Plaquemine, LA
¢ Weighed raw data, reviewed parts history and organized results prior to quality analysis.
¢ Documented, filed and maintained proper inspection records and quality assurance documents.
e Interpreted and classified production and quality data for aircraft products.
¢ Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations against specifications.
¢ Marked products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.
e Analyzed manufacturing data against functional design and expected quality results.
¢ Completed evaluations by properly using various gauges, tools and equipment.
e Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects.
¢ Inspected products and work processes to determine compliance.
¢ Conducted routine visual inspections of work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.
¢ Led cross-functional team evaluations of production metrics and test results.
e Handled, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.
¢ Performed timeline reviews to check for defects.
e Tracked findings and updated computer tracking system with documented assessments.
e Analyzed and interpreted blueprints, data and manuals to determine precise specifications.
¢ Reduced costs by avoiding duplication of services.
¢ Notified supervisors about production problems and helped identify and correct concerns.
e Conducted material inspections of incoming parts and kits for compliance and inventory.
¢ Measured product dimensions to assess compliance with specifications.
¢ Reviewed maintenance documents and CBTS records for completion and accuracy prior to archiving and completion.
¢ Maintained operations below 2% error rate by verifying strict compliance with established processes.
¢ Tested electrical and mechanical items to determine proper functionality and operational ability.
e Assessed finished items for defects and ordered reworks to eliminate irregularities.
e Completed all timesheets, traceability forms and associated documentation on time.
¢ Used applicable software systems to document job tasks and duties for traceability and transparency.
¢ Reviewed blueprints, drawings and other specifications to fully understand project expectations.
¢ Inspected quality of finished products, making minor repairs to meet project expectations.
¢ Documented inspection information and compiled data into reports for dissemination to management.
e Observed employee fieldwork and usage of materials for quality and consistency.
¢ Followed industry standards and manufacturer instructions to calibrate measurement tools.
¢ Performed quality control duties and responsibilities, including Lean, 5S, and Six Sigma.
e Interpreted and classified production and quality data for logistics products.
¢ Conducted routine visual inspections of systems and maintenance work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.
¢ Marked parts and products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.
e Performed quality control duties and responsibilities, including visual, scheduled. and hands-on task per engineer, maintenance
tech, and customer satisfaction.

Corrosion Technician Lead, 10/2006 to 06/2010
Iconma, L.L.C. — Berwyn, PA
e Led teams and delegated tasks to install, maintain or repair electrical systems and wiring.
e Coached and supervised work of corrosion technicians, including oversight of applicable task.
¢ Utilized mathematical skills and understanding of engineering principles to design new products.
e Presented paint scheme design proposal to client as part of overall design team for Naval projects.
¢ Completed comprehensive code compliance evaluations for paint projects.
¢ Fostered and maintained collaborative professional working relationship with project leadership team and client.
e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish customer goals.
e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.
¢ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
¢ Contributed to development, planning and completion of project initiatives.
e Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
¢ Provided IT and software trouble-shooting support to rest of the organization.
e Fulfilled maintenance orders by planning, budgeting and coordinating projects.
e Planned, scheduled and coordinated detailed design phases of large-scale Naval aircraft paint projects.
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
¢ Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.
e Exceeded customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and

maintenance.

Quality Inspector, 10/1999 to 10/2006
Boeing — City, STATE
¢ Weighed raw data, reviewed parts history and organized results prior to quality analysis.
¢ Documented, filed and maintained proper inspection records and quality assurance documents.
¢ Interpreted and classified production and quality data for aircraft products.
e Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations against specifications.
¢ Marked products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.
¢ Analyzed manufacturing data against functional design and expected quality results.
¢ Completed evaluations by properly using various gauges, tools and equipment.
e Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects.
e Inspected products and work processes to determine compliance.
¢ Conducted routine visual inspections of work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.
¢ Led cross-functional team evaluations of production metrics and test results.
¢ Handled, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.
¢ Performed timeline reviews to check for defects.
e Tracked findings and updated computer tracking system with documented assessments.
e Analyzed and interpreted blueprints, data and manuals to determine precise specifications.
¢ Reduced costs by avoiding duplication of services.
¢ Notified supervisors about production problems and helped identify and correct concerns.
e Conducted material inspections of incoming parts and kits for compliance and inventory.
¢ Measured product dimensions to assess compliance with specifications.
¢ Reviewed maintenance documents and CBTS records for completion and accuracy prior to archiving and completion.
e Tested electrical and mechanical items to determine proper functionality and operational ability.
e Assessed finished items for defects and ordered reworks to eliminate irregularities.
¢ Completed all timesheets, traceability forms and associated documentation on time.
¢ Used applicable software systems to document job tasks and duties for traceability and transparency.
¢ Reviewed blueprints, drawings and other specifications to fully understand project expectations.
¢ Inspected quality of finished products, making minor repairs to meet project expectations.
¢ Documented inspection information and compiled data into reports for dissemination to management.
¢ Observed employee fieldwork and usage of materials for quality and consistency.
¢ Followed industry standards and manufacturer instructions to calibrate measurement tools.
¢ Performed quality control duties and responsibilities, including Lean, 5S, and Six Sigma.
¢ Tested propulsion and electrical data items to determine proper functionality and operational ability.
¢ Conducted routine visual inspections of aviation work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.
¢ Resolved quality issues using 5S and Lean Management and escalated major problems to Quality Manager.
¢ Marked incoming parts and products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.
¢ Used applicable system to document job tasks and duties for traceability and transparency.

Summary

Aviation Technician with talent for leading and learning. Strong knowledge of aviation inspection, logistic, management, mechanical
and electrical skills. Communicative and team-oriented with proficiency in various software programs related to task. Proven history

of fostering goals to meet team, individual and management objectives.

Skills
¢ Quality assurance controls * Coordination
¢ Designing new products for company. * Reliable and trustworthy
¢ FEA and failure analysis * Leadership
« AutoCAD expertise e MS Office
¢ Production understanding * Friendly, positive attitude
¢ Construction administration ¢ Computer skills
¢ Schematic reading * Relationship building
¢ 3D design and simulation software * Time management
¢ Multitasking * Clerical
e Teambuilding

Education and Training
GED: 01/1996
Luther Burbank High School - San Antonio, TX

Airframe And Powerplant : 10/1999
Hallmark University-College Of Aeronautics - San Antonio, TX