PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned Aviation Support Equipment Technician, AS3, with 4 years of experience working with GSE
equipment. Successful at preventative maintenance, following directions and accurate troubleshooting.
Knowledgeable about Corrosion and Painting safety and drafting maintenance schedules. Hardworking
Aviation Support Equipment Technician, AS3. with extensive knowledge of safety and GSE repair protocols.
Adept at following directions and schedules with an understanding of personnel management. Enthusiastic
Painter eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational
skills. Clear understanding of Corrosion Control and Corrosion Treatment and training in Painting. Motivated
to learn, grow and excel in Any work environment. Driven Barber with 2 years as part of busy salon. Enjoy
making clients comfortable and happy with knowledge about latest trends in industry. Excellent dexterity while
handling all types of hairdressing tools. Detail-oriented Aircraft professional skilled in directing, monitoring
and performing preventive and unscheduled aircraft maintenance. Thorough knowledge of standard industry
hardware and materials with continuous drive for new knowledge.

e Maintenance e Safety Understanding
¢ Flight deck safety ¢ Respirator Use

e Offshore and shore-based work e Power and Hand Tools
e Inspection skills e Team Player

e Safety assessment e Cultural awareness

e Customer service ¢ Troubleshooting

e Hair maintenance expert ¢ Good listening skills

e Outstanding Client Retention ¢ Oil changes

e Endurance ¢ Diagnostic skills

e Strong leader e Mounting expertise

¢ Detail-orientated e Shop cleaning

e Blast and paint equipment servicing « Compassion

e Hand and power tools ¢ Self-motivated professional
e Safety awareness e Teamwork

« Paint mixing e Multitasking abilities

e Sprayer Experience

© AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT TECHNICIAN 07/2017 to 08/2021
Cargill | Friona, TX

e Installed necessary SE parts.

e Performed automotive and aircraft bodywork.

e Tested ground and automotive electrical systems.

e Completed thorough inspections of aircraft, systems and equipment to check for notable defects and
maintenance issues.

e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.

e Prepared surfaces and surrounding areas for painting using sandpaper, tape and other materials.

e Prepared trim, walls and ceilings for painting by cleaning, smoothing and priming using Paint gun and
Sanding tools.

e Performed preventative and regular maintenance on systems.

e Followed safety precautions to avoid personal injury and provide safe work environment.

e Troubleshot and diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment.

e Increased overall lifespan of equipment by following preventative maintenance plans and executing
unscheduled repairs.

e Performed preventative and regular maintenance on systems.

REGAIL SPECIALIST 08/2017 to 07/2018
Meredith Corporation | Raleigh, NC

e Kept work areas, tools and equipment clean and properly sanitized to minimize risk and cross-
contamination.

e Built strong and lasting rapport with clients through consistent delivery of requested services and
exceptional results.

e Consistently received positive performance reviews from guests.

e Assessed customer hair texture, treatment history and desired outcome to identify appropriate services.

e Used scissors, trimmers, clippers, razors and brushes on over 250 customers with 100% customer
Satisfaction rate.

CLOINARY SPECIALIST 08/2015 to 08/2017
United States Navy, USN | City, STATE

e Established food preparation procedures and guidelines to promote meal consistency and quality.

e Properly handled and stored food to eliminate illness and prevent cross-contamination.

e Prevented cross-contamination from utensils, surfaces and pans when cooking and plating meals for
food allergy sufferers.

e Utilized proper cleaning techniques to sanitize counters and utensils used in preparation of raw meat,
poultry, fish and eggs.

© High School Diploma 05/2013
West Orange High School, Winter Garden, FL

« Completed over 300 Corossion Treatment and Prevention within 2 years.

« Maintained an RFI rate of 90%+ on GSE equipment.

« Completed 900+ scheduled maintanenace actions including 200+ corrosion control treatments
contributing to a divisional 95% support equipment availability rate.

e« Provided over 200 professional military standard haircuts as a hand picked barber for the command.

e Maintained 321 pieces of equipment and 22 spaces aboard the CVN 77 which resulted in ZERO
discrepancies during the 2018 3Ml inspection.

e 2 Year CPR qualified

« 3000 PSI nitrogen servicing unit - 3 years

« Skyhook Multi Aircraft Canopy Crane - 3 years
e LOX Purge Unit - 3 years

« Hydraulic Certification - 3 years

e Air Speed Yellow Belt - 3 years

e SE Tire and Wheel - 3 years

« Corrosion Control and Prevention - 3 years

e SE Painting and corrosion treatment - 3 years