NEAL LATIOLAIS
241M SR 525, Greenbank WA, 98253
biame-ox @hotmailcom / (360) 643-0579

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY

Distinguished quality assurance/aviation maintenance career with 20 years of experience, a strong electronics back ground and
an active Top Secret Clearance. Knowledgeable in all aspects of quality assurance, the management of safety programs and
aircraft maintenance/troubleshooting and the operation of highly complex classified avionics equipment and auciliary systems.
Comfortable in fast-paced and high-stress environments, requiring attention to detail, ability to meet stringent deadlines, and
quick adaptation to constantly changing prionities.

SKILLS & TRAINING

Maintenance Management Military Operations Schemates & Diagrams
Frontline Leadership Avionk Systems Ekctronk Warfare
Salety Elec tric al S ystems Mechanical S ystems
Quality Assurance Control Systems Equipment Maintenance
Trainng Troubleshoot ing Operation Monitoring
Inventory Management Test Equipment FCC License
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
US NAVY

Aviation Electronics Technician NOV 1996 — NOV 2016

*¢ = Performed scheduled and unscheduled Electronic maintenance on the EA-6B Prowler and EA-I8G Growler. Also
accomplished Full System Quality Assurance Representative on both platforms.

* Performs organizational level maintenance on aviation electronics systems, to inc lude: communications, radar,
navigation, antisubmarine wartare sensors, electronic warfare, data link, fire control, andtactical displays with
assoc lated equipment.

Quality Assurance Supervisor NOV 2014 — NOV 2016

e = Overall in charge and responsible for the management and monitoring of forty one Naval Aviation Maintenance
Programs as directed by the Chief of Naval Operations and Maintenance Department Safety. Plus the quality
training of Full System Quality Assurance Representatives, Quality Assurance Representatives, Collateral Duty
Quality Assurance Representatives, and Collateral Duty Inspectors.

Quality Assurance Leading Petty Officer APR 2012 —-APR 2014

« Overall responsible for the training of Pull System Quality Assurance Representatives, Quality Assurance
Representatives, Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Representatives, and Collateral Duty Inspec tors, as well as
managing the six Quality Assurance Naval Aviation Maintenance Programs as directed by the Chief of Naval
Operations.

BIEARDS / FRANK'S CASING CREW LAFAYETTE, LA
Welder MAY 1992 — NOV 1996
¢ Fubricated oil tankers for the railroad companies.

¢ Fabricated missik launch pads for the U.S. Navy destroyers.
* Fabricated Offshore equipment

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Chapman University
General Studies
January 01 2002 to January 012003

Liberty University
Religion/Relig ious Studies
January 01 2014 to January OL 2017

Bradley Morris, Inc www. Bradley-Moarris.com 800-330-4950