PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

AFFILIATIONS

{)

Cy

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Military officer with experience managing teams, maintaining heavy equipment and producing graphics,
overlays and reports, as well as disseminating tactical information. Calm under pressure with superior time
management and conflict resolution skills. Extraordinary leader and problem solver looking to transition from a
successful career in the military to the Aviation industry.

e Strong leader e Critical thinking

e Conversant in Spanish e Weapons training

e Emergency planning e First Aid certified

e Compelling presentation skills e Secret Security Clearance

e Operations management e Installation of CPOF/ FBCB2 equipment
e Training and development ¢ Firearm and explosives handling

e Data quality control checks e Quick learner

e Proofreading and editing e Trained in security

e Environmental safety

AVIATION OPERATIONS SPECIALIST 02/2016 to CURRENT
SSG Seymour, Joshua | City, STATE

e Asan Aviation Operation Specialist, | process local and cross-country flight clearances.

e Prepared daily, weekly and monthly situational reports for higher headquarters.

e Reported the status and completion procedures for ongoing projects accurately and promptly to
geospatial team members.

e Trained personnel on basic router configurations.

¢ Supported senior ranking officials in logistics decision making.

e Coordinated with agencies such as air traffic control, civil engineers, and command posts to ensure
support of airfield management activities.

e Implement airfield safety procedures to ensure a safe working environment for personnel and aircraft
operation.

Bachelor of Arts | Computer Science 2020
University of Mississippi, Oxford, Mississippi

e Emphasis in Software Development

e Student government representative

e Coursework in Engineering

¢ ROTC Scholarship from Army

e "Big Event" Leader

e German Armed Forces Proficiency Badge

e Associate Student Body Senate

Clssification 2016
Fort Rucker Aviation, Fort Rucker Alabama

¢ Top 3% of class
e Top percent of Physical Training with a perfect 300 score.

e Earned the 300 Physical Training Badge.
e Developed a tracking system that became the standard for the battalion.