JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Resourceful and quick-thinking logistics specialistwith 4 years in warehouse and inventory management. Improves shipping and receiving
efficiency and accuracy by applying strong leadership skills Implements organizational procedures and technologies to improve productivity
efficiency and minimize surplus stock. Brings extensive experience in high-volume warehouse operations, including classified material.
Exceptional organizational skills and strong attention to detail.

SKILLS
e Exceptional communication skills e Training and development
¢ Shipping and receiving professional e Excellent time management
¢ Hard working and self-motivated ¢ Preventative safety
« Inventory management e Secret Clearance

Work History

12/2012 to 12/2016 Aviation Logistics Specialist
Sheridan Group Inc. Company — Manchester
Supervised warehouse functions to include receipt, storage, issue and shipment of aeronautical material.
Exercised custody of material by conducting wall-to-wall inventories and properly handling causative research for
unaccounted assets.Coordinated shipments of aeronautical equipment to abroad deployment sites and domestic sites.
e Handled classified shipments to abroad deployment sites as well as domestic with keeping 100% accountability on all
classified material.
Trained, developed and led personnel to improve technical proficiency, oral communication, ethics, and professional
maturity, by setting examples for them to emulate.
e Processed 40+ shipments perone week period.

01/2006 to 09/2009 Clerk
Festival Foods — City, STATE

¢ Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

e Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and
efficiently.

e Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving
problems on the spot.

¢ Routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing.

e Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.

¢ Recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests.

e Built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions.

EpucaTIon

High School Diploma
San Diego Miramar College - San Diego, Ca

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Led teams to achieve 6 consecutive grades of 97% or higher for bi-annual inspections, with 100% inventory of over 4,000 line items
during each inspection.

¢ Led warehouse team that had a 0% injury rate for4years in a row.

¢ Researched, followed up on and tracked down over 800 requirements resulting in a 100% on 3 consecutive Aircraft Wing Area
Inspections.

e Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal

* Certificate of Commendations

¢ Letter of Appreciations

CERTIFICATIONS

e Secret Clearance
e Airspeed Yellow Belt