JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Exemplary Rutgers Student and Air Force Second Lieutenant offering a dynamic military background. Maintains strong analytical and problem-
solving abilities with high attention to detail. Collaborative in driving decisions and astute team-player.

SKILLS

e Fluent in Spanish - Native * Command and control operations

* Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (LinkedIn ¢ Community relations management

course 2020) e Event planning
e Primavera P6 (LinkedIn course 2020) ¢ Community outreach
* Salesforce * Crisis management
© QuickSight
e Tableau
EXPERIENCE

Aviation Officer, 01/2015 - Current
Lhc Group — Columbus, GA
e Monitored aircraft safety protocols, flight systems and operating performance and communicated issues to the crew chief.
¢ Kept watch over aircraft operations and weather conditions, communicating issues to commanders for possible flight path changes.
¢ Updated policies and procedures and shared information with crew members prior to departure.
e Checked minor aircraft repair work and arranged for major maintenance by notifying maintenance.
e Determined courses and schedules and evaluated weather conditions to promote safety of crew and passengers.
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
e Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
¢ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
e Planned actions and duty assignments to enhance personnel skills, broaden skill sets, and foster achievement of success necessary for
promotion.
e Achieved 100% safety rating while managing complex operations and company programs.
e Applied critical thinking and analysis skills to evaluate intelligence data and other variables to plan course of action.
¢ Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.
¢ Developed and implemented safety improvements to cultivate safe and productive work environment for all personnel.
¢ Responded to emergent situations regarding flight operations or medical issues to quickly identify concerns, provide support and transport
personnel and passengers away from critical scenes.
¢ Performed and supervised airfield functions, including mobile airfield management, to keep [Type] grounds operating at peak efficiency.
¢ Implemented airfield safety procedures to support safe operating environments for personnel and aircraft.
e Adjusted flight itineraries and communicated changes for optimal safety and flow of aircraft.
e Supervised airfield operations, including arrivals. departures and fueling, identifying and addressing concerns promptly to maintain targets.
¢ Coordinated with parties such as air traffic control, civil engineers and command posts to support airfield management activities.
e Planned, organized and directed operation of command posts, operations centers and control centers.
e Analyzed and delivered C2 traffic information to appropriate wing agencies.
* Operated and monitored voice, data and alerting systems for U.S. Air Force.
e Reviewed airfield status and made expected inbound aircraft aware of activities to maximize protection.
e Managed intelligence collection procedures and priorities to safeguard classified and sensitive material.
* Conducted in-depth analysis of communications characteristics to target tactics, techniques and procedures.
« Communicated with medical personnel to coordinate casualty and patient staging areas.
¢ Delivered briefings and reports to disseminate information through established channels.
¢ Prepared and sent advisories to pilots to detail weather conditions and air traffic control measures.
e Reviewed plans for accuracy and compliance.
¢ Maintained full compliance with Air Force Instructions and state and federal governments applicable to flight operations.
e Led 14-airmen through multiple rigorous exercises.
e Performed in-depth research into topics, authored detailed reports and gave presentations to senior leadership.
¢ Upheld operational standards by evaluating current procedures and adjusting according to changing demands.

Staffing Coordinator, 03/2019 - Current
Cam Services — Rancho Cucamonga, CA

e Liaised with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.

e Administered applicant tracking system (Salesforce and HVH) database to input, update and maintain candidate details.

e Oversaw staffing and related operations, hiring and mentoring personnel.

¢ Accomplished multiple duties, including strategic workforce planning, new employee onboarding, labor relations and health benefits
administration.

* Developed community outreach programs at local colleges to promote the Amazon image.

e Maintained existing and developed new partnerships with many local governments, colleges & universities, and hiring organizations to
increase Amazon recruiting.

¢ Planned and managed different community meetings, public forums and outreach events.

e Tracked and reviewed program performance metrics to improve decision-making process.

¢ Cultivated and developed relationships with existing and potential referral sources, identified new partners, uncovered untapped
opportunities and raised brand awareness.

e Gave presentations at public gatherings, community events and school meetings.

e Authored content of newsletters, social media postings and educational brochures.

e Supervised 7 Staffing Administrators focused on cementing connections in the local area to promote organizational goals.

e Liaised with community members, business owners and officials to address current issues and find appropriate solutions.

* Created and delivered hiring presentations to deliver at local events, including workshops, seminars and job fairs.

e Oversaw 7 Staffing Administrators tasked to hire for over 15 Amazon locations.

¢ Performed calculations to determine costs, community use, and other aspects of potential strategies.

¢ Sought out opportunities to advance hiring operations, technology options and latest trends in recruiting programs.

¢ Upheld operational standards by evaluating current procedures and adjusting according to changing demands.

¢ Generated reports detailing project information and predictions.

© Provided leadership to 7 employees through coaching, feedback and performance management.

Regional Sales and Services Representative . 05/2017 - 03/2019
PNC Financial Services — City, STATE
© Profiled and analyzed investment products to devise financial strategies, meeting client financial needs and forecasting opportunities with
highest return on investments.
e Counseled clients on financial matters and provided recommendations on investment opportunities, products and services based on client
needs and asset availability.
¢ Interviewed clients to determine income, expenses, financial objectives and risk tolerance in order to develop successful financial plans.
* Conducted due diligence and valuation activities to support informed business decisions.
e Maintained knowledge of regulations, communicated with industry professionals, devised financial models, conducted sensitivity analyses
and gathered financial reports to deliver superior service.
e Evaluated investment materials to develop financial recommendations, fulfill customer needs and predict favorable investments.
« Devised business plan and identified target customers.
e Partnered with wealth management and financial advisors to advise high net worth customers on financial investment options and decisions
involving capital expenditures.
* Cultivated and expanded financial planning relationships with customers through loyal and dedicated service.
¢ Conducted special service and account transactions for customers, including ordering checks and placing stop payment orders.
e Established new accounts and created memberships, resulting in increased loans and earnings for credit union.

¢ Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines and practices.

Administrative Officer, 12/2016 - 12/2017
Omega Delta Sigma - Veterans Fraternity — City, STATE
e Distributed company correspondence, including memos and updates to reinforce and apprise departments and divisions of corporate
objectives and developments.
¢ Defined and documented office procedures, using updated SOPs to provide thorough and comprehensive training for all administrative
support staff.
e Monitored office inventory to maintain adequate supply levels and order products.
¢ Monitored financial bookkeeping for accuracy and compliance, resolving identified discrepancies.
e Automated office operations, managing internal communications, correspondence, record tracking and data analysis.
* Supported senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to recommend corrective actions and
improvements.
e Planned weekly meetings for the New Jersey Chapter and coordinated availability of conference rooms.
¢ Set up meetings and appointments, including gathering materials, booking conference rooms and providing information to involved parties.
* Coordinated and managed event-planning logistics, budget administration and team oversight.
e Assisted production and distribution of memos, newsletters, email updates and other forms of communication.

e Gathered information, scanned records and maintained confidentiality of all electronic data.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

MBA: Executive, 05/2023

Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey - New Brunswick, NJ

Bachelor of Arts: Political Science, 01/2018
William Paterson University of New Jersey - Wayne, NJ

Becoming A Government Project Manager, 08/2020
Linkedin Learning

Excel Microsoft Office Specialist, 07/2020
LinkedIn Learning

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

« Command Controller of the Quarter

e Air Force Achievement Award

e Air Force Academic Achievement Award

e Military Honor Graduate

e Hired and onboarded over 5,000 new Tier 1 Amazon employees

® Coordinated and hosted over 250 hiring events and Amazon information sessions
e Negotiated with vendors, saving the company $100,000 on venue space.
© Raised over $3,000 for Veteran's Suicide Prevention

e Top regional representative in PNC Investments

e Top regional representative in Lending

e Top regional representative in Consumer Credit Cards

e Top regional representative in Customer Service Surveys

CERTIFICATIONS

e Commissioned Officer, United States Air Force - 2020

e Part 107 Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems, Federal Aviation Administration - 2020
e Private Aircraft Pilot, Federal Aviation Administration - 2018

e Airfield Operations, United States Air Force - 2015