Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Demonstrated success in operating equipment, planning missions and training personnel. Adept at promoting situational awareness

in all team members. Observant, diligent and focused on continuous improvement.

Skills
¢ Inspection skills e Team management
¢ Diagnostic abilities ¢ Cash drawer balancing
e Alarm monitoring e Product recommendations
¢ Mechanical acumen * Credit and cash transactions
e Equipment coordination e Cash management
¢ Staff management ¢ Merchandise restocking
e Emergency Response e Scanner operations
¢ Information gathering e Customer assistance
¢ Team training ¢ Loss prevention
e Inventory management ¢ Early childhood knowledge
¢ Supervision e Sanitation understanding
¢ Business operations e Lesson plan development
e Customer service ¢ Housekeeping abilities
¢ Problem resolution e Age-appropriate activities
¢ Relationship development e Organization

e Planning and coordination

Experience

Aviation Boatswain's Mate Handler, 02/2016 to Current
Staples - Hamden, CT
¢ Installed and maintained visual landing aids to guide pilots.
¢ Activated appropriate arresting systems during normal and emergency landings.
¢ Worked alongside maintenance teams to complete repairs and restore full functionality with minimal downtime.
¢ Directed aircraft during launch and recovery operations to uphold strict safety standards and meet demanding timetables.
¢ Kept gear and equipment in good working order to effectively support takeoff and landing operations.
¢ Worked on deck in all weather situations and under stressful conditions to maintain personnel safety and direct aircraft
movements.
¢ Collaborated with team of [Number] personnel to maintain smooth and efficient operations.

e Conducted on-the-ground training, evaluated results and scored trainees in performance.

Cashier, 06/2014 to 02/2016
Bluegreen Resorts — Gurnee, IL
e Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.
¢ Processed returned items in accordance with store policy.
e Read weekly sales inserts and monitored price changes.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered advice.
e Properly verified customer identification for alcohol or tobacco purchases.
e Observed company return policy when processing refunds, including inspecting merchandise for wear or damage.
¢ Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find necessary store items.
¢ Maintained high productivity by efficiently processing cash, credit, debit and voucher program payments for customers.
e Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.
e Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.
¢ Assisted customers with account updates, new service additions and promotional offers.
¢ Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum efficiency.
¢ Processed customer payments quickly and returned exact change and receipts.
e Trained new employees in cashiering procedures, offering assistance in resolving [Type] issues.
¢ Resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.
e Processed [Number] transactions per day with exceptional accuracy.
¢ Drove sales and add-on purchases by promoting specific item options to customers.
¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.
e Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
e Organized and maintained both physical and digital payment documentation for accurate filing and compliant recordkeeping.
e Assisted [Job title]s with completing end-of-day counts and securing funds to prevent loss or theft.
e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
e Received payments for [Product or Service] and issued receipts.

¢ Monitored sales events to protect products, added new merchandise and rang up purchases.

Nursery Attendant, 01/2011 to 02/2016
Universal Health Services — Summerville, SC
¢ Informed guardians of nursery guidelines, requirements and policies.
¢ Kept children safe and maintained order for the benefit of all involved.
¢ Met incoming parents and greeted children kindly and openly.
e Organized, cleaned and disinfected all areas of nursery.
¢ Read stories to children, facilitated discussions and tied books into learning opportunities.
¢ Cleaned up spills promptly and conducted thorough sanitizing every [Timeframe] to control infections.
e Improved group and individual behavior with positive management strategies.
¢ Enforced rules to teach manners and maintain safe environment.
e Communicated with parents or guardians about daily activities, behaviors and upcoming events.
¢ Kept children safe and secure at all times.
e Provided nurturing and appropriate environment for children ranging in age from six weeks to age five.
¢ Maintained organized and clean classroom and work areas.
e Assisted children in development of social, communication and problem-solving skills.
e Discussed new developments, misbehavior and concerns with parents or guardians.
¢ Organized and planned age-appropriate lessons involving reading, crafts, music and movement.
¢ Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression.
¢ Helped prepare meals, snacks and refreshments for children, accounting for individual dietary needs and restrictions.
¢ Used techniques such as positive reinforcement and behavior modeling to instill discipline in children.
¢ Cleaned toys, play equipment, dishes and other surfaces to keep facility sanitary.
e Encouraged positive behaviors, including patience with teachers and fellow kids.
¢ Engaged groups of culturally diverse children in creative, safe and focused setting.
¢ Promoted physical, emotional, intellectual and social development through well-planned classroom lessons, games and outside

activities.

Lifeguard, 04/2012 to 08/2014
YMCA - City, STATE
¢ Contacted emergency personnel and provided aid while waiting for further assistance.
¢ Consistently complied with pool regulations and policies while encouraging staff to adhere to guidelines.
¢ Kept equipment in good working order with frequent inspections and minor repairs.
¢ Led swimmer instructional lessons with participants of varying ages to share optimal swim techniques and build strength.
* Updated logs detailing weather conditions, treatments provided and incident information to keep management informed of
activities.
¢ Maintained neat and clean pool area and clean water at all times.
¢ Optimized customer service by resolving issues quickly and with courteous demeanor.
¢ Partnered with fellow team members on new customer service program to promote seamless transitions.
¢ Performed basic life support, including CPR to stabilize individuals prior to ambulance arrival.

Education and Training

High School Diploma: 06/2015
John H. Reagan Early College High School - Austin, TX