SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Motivated pre-vet student seeking employment in Veterinary Medicine to gain hands-on experience. Outgoing
and friendly with strong drive to succeed. Experienced with farm animals as well as domestic pets.
Experienced in supervisor roles, training others, and working with money.

« Budget controls e Customs compliance
« Database documentation e Project planning and scheduling
© AVIATION RESOURCE MANAGER 09/2018 to CURRENT

Nebraska Medical Center | Bellevue, NE

e Led and managed projects to support logistics efforts and plans.

e Utilized ordering, tracking and billing systems and associated processes.

e Identified opportunities to reduce cost and improve productivity.

e Supervised staff of seven in daily activities, delivering continuous training and coaching to bolster each
employee's skill set.

e Created policies and procedures to inform and educate personnel on logistics activities.

e Handled departmental scheduling to maintain proper staffing for shifts.

e Established lasting relationships with clientele through effective issue resolution and negotiation,
boosting business opportunities.

e Established strategies to address changing market environments and Internet technology.

e Implemented on-the-job training activities to cross-train employees on various tasks.

¢ Monitored spending to ensure that expenses are consistent with approved budgets.

DAOCARE TEACHER 06/2018 to 08/2018
Hand & Stone | Bonaire Acres, SC

e Communicated with children's parents and guardians about daily activities, behaviors and problems.

e Taught children foundational skills in colors, shapes and letters.

e Controlled classroom environments with clearly outlined rules and positive reinforcement techniques.

e Monitored children's play activities to identify additional learning opportunities or behavioral issues.

e Enhanced sensory abilities by giving children access to numerous textures and shapes.

e Sparked creativity and imagination by helping children discover new things each day.

e Read aloud and played alphabet games to encourage early literacy.

e Introduced learning activities and imaginative play materials for children to explore and manipulate.

e Identified symptoms of emotional and developmental issues and alerted parents or guardians.

e Read stories to children and taught painting, drawing and crafts.

e Maintained daily records of individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

e Observed children to record development.

e Observed children for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, learning disorders and speech
problems.

RESEPTIONIST 01/2017 to 08/2017
Dr. Pavari | City, STATE

e« Scheduled and confirmed appointments.

e« Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.

e Delivered administrative support to team members by making copies, sending faxes, organizing
documents and rearranging schedules.

e Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.

e« Processed payments and updated accounts to reflect balance changes.

¢ Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.

e Screened and verified visitors for identification credentials and purpose of visit to maintain security of
personnel and office environment.

« Managed more than twenty incoming calls per day.

e Directed and oversaw office personnel activities.

« Coordinated and communicated with fifteen clients daily to gather pertinent information.

« Checked emails and patient documents for proper formatting, grammar and spelling.

e Drafted professional business communication and answered phone calls and emails.

e Answered phone calls, provided information to callers and connected callers to appropriate people.

« Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.

e« Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in
process.

¢« Greeted incoming patients and verified paperwork to manage smooth intake processes.

« Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.

« Documented and routed business correspondence to manage office paperwork.

e« Pulled and organized requested documentation.

e« Maintained front office cleanliness and organized supplies to increase the filing task productivity.

e Prepared daily shift close reports and balanced cash register to accurately reflect all transactions.

e Reviewed safety, health and sanitation processes throughout areas and enforced rules to promote
security and safety.

« Delivered key administrative support to coworkers, taking on additional tasks during peak times.

e« Maintained accurate bookkeeping of important files, running reports and delivering updates on
occupancy and revenues.

High School Diploma
Petrolia High School, Petrolia, TX

BzChelor of Science | Biology 05/2025
University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, ND