JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Vigilant Aviation Operations Specialist recognized for efficiently scheduling, tracking and dispatching tactical aircraft missions. Hands-on
experience booking over 10,000 military and civilian flights stateside and overseas. Committed to implementing effective airfield safety policies
and procedures to ensure a safe operation for personnel.

SKILLS

e Flight plan coordination © Reliable & trustworthy
e Aircraft clearing e Issue resolution
e Jamming and interference reporting e Team Supervision
e Aircraft mission scheduling e Experience in leadership
¢ Flight log maintenance © Good work ethic
e Flight operations records e Teambuilding
e Team management e Multitasking
* Critical thinking © People skills
e Training & development

EXPERIENCE

Aviation Operations Specialist, 03/2019 - Current
Nothing Bundt Cakes — Conroe, TX
* Coordinated flight plans and processed local and cross-country flight clearances.
e Assisted in preparation of operation plans and orders and organized visual and instrument flight plans.
e Maintained maps, aeronautical charts and aeronautical published files.
¢ Minimized risks to incoming and departing aircraft by managing wildlife and vegetation around airfield.
* Created and maintained flight and events logs, aircrew flying records and records of incoming and outgoing flights.
¢ Coordinated with air traffic control, civil engineers and command posts to support airfield management activities.
e Supervised airfield operations, including arrivals. departures and fueling, identifying and addressing concerns promptly to maintain targets.
¢ Implemented airfield safety procedures to support safe operating environments for personnel and aircraft.

Shift Leader, 10/2019 - 02/2020
St. Joseph's Healthcare System — Totowa, NJ
¢ Counted cash on hand at shift change and closing to determine shortages or overages and prepare bank deposit statements.
* Delegated tasks to employees and monitored activities and task completion.
e Supervised and led employees to maintain productivity and customer service levels.
¢ Upheld company standards and compliance requirements for operations.
« Complied with company safety procedures, policies and regulations to promote safe working environment.
¢ Positioned skilled staff in key areas throughout shift to optimize department productivity.
e Educated customers about offerings, promotions and pricing to boost sales.
¢ Mentored and coached staff by giving employees suggestions and feedback to improve job performance.
e Checked orders for quality and completeness.
e Evaluated employee performance, delivering individualized feedback and praise.
e Handled escalated customer concerns and emergencies in absence of manager or supervisor.
¢ Planned and managed resources to consistently meet production, quality and cost goals.
e Directed employees through daily routines.
¢ Documented receipts, employee hours and inventory movement.
* Counted inventory, resolved discrepancies and completed paperwork to keep system accurate and current.
*« Completed opening and closing duties to facilitate business operations.

Call Center Representative, 09/2018 - 10/2019
Cvs Health — Newnan, GA
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
e Answered incoming calls and provided highest level of professionalism and knowledgeable service to every customer.
e Managed customer expectations by clarifying needs, identifying options and recommending products and services.
© Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.
« Documented customer correspondence in CRM to track requests, problems and solutions.
¢ Consulted with customers to resolve service and billing issues.
¢ Offered resolutions to de-escalate calls and solve customer issues.
e Navigated through computer systems to review information and respond appropriately to callers.
* Updated customer accounts, addresses and contact information within call management databases.

Shift Supervisor, 06/2014 - 09/2018
Pinkberry — City, STATE
* Guided staff on implementing promotions and marketing programs.
¢ Coached team members to increase productivity and reduce workplace accidents.
e Evaluated employee performance, delivering individualized feedback and praise.
e Handled escalated customer concerns and emergencies in absence of manager or supervisor.
e Checked orders for quality and completeness.
e Educated customers about offerings, promotions and pricing to boost sales.
e Mentored and coached staff by giving employees suggestions and feedback to improve job performance.
e Assisted general manager with operations game plan and company initiatives implementation.
¢ Complied with company safety procedures, policies and regulations to promote safe working environment.
e Supervised and led employees to maintain productivity and customer service levels.
¢ Counted cash on hand at shift change and closing to determine shortages or overages and prepare bank deposit statements.
e Reinforced rules to promote superior employee performance.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Science Education, 2023
Craven Community College - New Bern, NC
e 2.8 GPA

Accounting
Norwalk Community College - Norwalk, CT
e 2.5 GPA

High School Diploma: 06/2015

PinkberryFairfield Ludlowe High School - Fairfield, CT
¢ Diversity Club Member
¢ 3.0GPA