JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

¢ To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and
problem-solving skills.

e Reliable employee seeking an Avionics Technician position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

* Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

e Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure an Avionics position. Ready to help team achieve

company goals.
SKILLS
e Microsoft Office Word, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint e FAA Regulations
e Equipment Safety e Aviation and Transportation
* Reading Comprehension ¢ Component Examination
* Active Listening ¢ Contamination Removal
e Aircraft Electrical Systems e Basic Tools
« Project Requirements
Work HIsTory

Aviation Maintenance Technician, 01/2022 - Current
Signature Flight Support Corporation — Evanston, IL
* Installed avionics components pertaining to "In-Seat Power Supply" (ISPS) systems onboard CRJ-900 aircraft for MESA Airlines
and American Airlines
¢ Installed avionics components pertaining to "GoGo WiFi" systems onboard ERJ-175 aircraft for Sky West Airlines, Delta, and
Alaskan Airlines
¢ Installed avionics components pertaining to "GoGo WiFi" systems onboard Boeing 767 aircraft for FedEx
¢ Inspected equipment, systems and components for operational readiness and compliance with standards.
* Completed modifications according to or ahead of schedule.
e Trained and instructed subordinates on maintenance procedures.
e Maintained up-to-date and accurate logs and permanent records.
e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.
¢ Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

Aviation Maintenance Technician, 09/2021 - 01/2022
Signature Flight Support Corporation — Fabius, NY
e Installed avionics components for "In Seat Power Supply" (ISPS) systems onboard CRJ-700 and CRJ-900 aircraft
e Inspected equipment, systems and components for operational readiness and compliance with standards.
* Completed modifications according to or ahead of schedule.
¢ Trained and instructed subordinates on maintenance procedures.
e Maintained up-to-date and accurate logs and permanent records.
e Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times.
e Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement.
¢ Provided for servicing, maintenance and protection of aircraft while away from home station.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

Shipping & Receiving Associate, 04/2020 - 09/2020
Camping World — Pasco, WA
e Work as a team to ensure proper shipping of merchandise
e Manage serialized products, their respective identification numbers, and review the contents of orders prior to their packaging
e Palletize and reorganize product within the warehouse
* Operate a forklift to move pallets of product and pull pallets of product from shelves.
e Picked orders, scanned products and packed boxes.
e Checked shipments against paperwork and signed documents.
¢ Orchestrated routing by producing accurate shipping documentation and package labels.
* Organized storage areas to optimize materials movements and minimize labor hours.
¢ Uncovered and resolved errors with minimal oversight.
* Coordinated storage locations and product movements.
* Scheduled pickups and deliveries to maintain smooth operations.

* Conducted counts and audits of inventories to identify and resolve discrepancies in records.

EDUCATION

Occupational Associates Degree: Aviation Maintenance Technology, 02/2020
National Aviation Academy - Clearwater, FL
e Honoree of Summa Cum Laude

e¢ 96.4 GPA

High School Diploma: 07/2017
Central Christian Academy - Winter Haven, Florida
© 3.76 Unweighted GPA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Aircraft Utilized During Training
e Lear Jet 24

e Piper Cherokee PA-140

e Beechcraft Sundowner 180

e Cessna 310H

e Aircraft Experience In Field

e CRJ-700

e CRJ-900

e ERJ-175

° Boeing 767

e While pursuing an Occupational Associates Degree in Aviation Maintenance Technology, the following tasks were performed:

¢ Powerplant

« Complete disassembly, inspection, and reassembly of Lycoming GSO-480 (reciprocating)

e Disassembly /inspection/reassembly of compressor section, combustion section and turbine section of T53 and Allison 250 (turbine)
engines

* Trouble shooting General Aviation Aircraft Systems

e CJ-610, Lycoming T-53 Turbo Shaft & Lycoming O-235-L2C, JT4, JT8D and Rolls Royce 250 (troubleshooting & repair only)

¢ Powerplant induction and exhaust systems (reciprocating & turbine)

¢ Fuel systems and Fuel metering systems including teardown/overhaul of Marvel Schebler carburetors

e Electrical systems (including starters, generators, alternators, wiring controls, switches, indicators, and protective devices)

e Airframe

e Performed aircraft weight and balance utilizing aircraft scales

e Sheet Metal

e Fabricate & repair fuselage, stringer and skins utilizing blueprint drawings and raw stock

e Skin, ribs and stringer are formed by the student

e Repairs: Flush and external patch performed by the student

e Utilized the Blueprint diagrams accomplishing sheet metal tasks

e Utilized the following technical data accomplishing sheet metal tasks: Structural Repair Manuals (SRMs), Federal Aviation Regulations
(FARs), FAA approved publications

* Utilized the following tools while accomplishing above tasks: Drills, Clecos, Rivet sets, Rivet guns, Bucking bars, Hole Duplicators, Rivet
Cutters, Countersink Stops, Micro Shavers Chip Chasers, Nibblers, Shears, Form Blocks, Brakes

e Composites

e Fabricated composite panel using Nomex core and fiberglass cloth — vacuum bag to fabricate part; made 2 repairs

© Wet layup with replacement core

¢ Utilization of prepeg and vacuum bag with pressure heat

© Worked with advanced composites, epoxy resin, bi-directional fiberglass and resins

e Painted aircraft simulated fuselage

© Utilized composite fasteners and vacuum bagging processes LAW Aircraft Maintenance and Repair Manual, AC43-13-1BI2A and Federal
Aviation Regulations

e Performed core replacement and scarf repair

* Tools & Test Equipment

© Utilized a variety of common hand tools including but not limited to: Wrenches, Sockets, Screwdrivers, Pliers, Hammers, Hand shears,
Safety wire pliers, Punches, Chisels

© Utilized precision measurement devices including but not limited to: Micrometers, Calipers, Torque wrenches, Multimeters, Dial
indicators, Pressure gauges, Tensiometers, Scales

e Advanced Aircraft Systems

e Safety practices when working with electricity and electronic equipment, including prevention of ESD

CERTIFICATIONS

Mechanics Airframe and Powerplant License - 2020 to Current

LANGUAGES

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: