SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

© Associate of Arts | Liberal Arts And General Studies 05/2022

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly skilled and experienced Navy veteran with over five years of service.

Results-focused [industry] professional with strength in [Skill], [Task] and [Task]. Proactive leader with
strengths in communication and collaboration. Proficient in leveraging [Area of expertise] and [Area of
expertise] knowledge to promote [Result]. Adept at managing concurrent objectives to promote efficiency and
influence positive outcomes.

Insightful [Job Title] with [Number] years of experience leading operations by directing daily activities. Proven
track record of developing targeted business operations plans, implementing improvements and overseeing
[Area of expertise]. Decisive leader highly competent in establishing and achieving ambitious goals and
quality standards.

e« Leadership e Computer skills
« Troubleshooting e Supervision
« Analytical e Multitasking
« Problem resolution « Organizational skills
e Critical thinking e  First-aid trained
« Team building e Microsoft Office
) AVIATION BOATSWAIN'S MATE, FUELS 03/2016 to 04/2021

La Madeleine, Inc. | Richardson, TX

e Performed maintenance record keeping.

e Proficient in online organizational and logistical management systems.

e Operates, maintains, and repairs fueling and lubricating oil systems. including service stations, pump
rooms, pumps, piping. valves. tank and protective piping systems.

e Handled hazardous materials and maintained environmental standards.

e Use and understanding of blueprints. charts, drawings, and publications.

e Under close supervision assisted in the maintenance of aircraft , associated aeronautical equipment,
and aircraft support equipment.

e Operator of damage control and fire fighting equipment.

e Performed various marine duties such as checking for oil spills and other pollutants around ports.
harbors and beaches.

e Identified and solved complex strategy problems to drive organizational goals.

e Reduced process lags by effectively managing employees for productivity, efficiency and improvement.

e Managed scheduling for [Number] employees to optimize productivity.

e Inspected equipment and completed basic repairs to maintain safety and efficiency of each trip.

e Assessed team proficiencies, identifying and targeting areas for improvement.

e Contributed to the safe and expeditious movement of over 1.7 million gallons of fuel to embarked and
transient aircraft in support of over 3000 flight evolutions.

e Played a vital role in the offload of over 500,000 plus gallons of fuel while pier side in Naval Station
Norfolk.

e Lead the maintenance of 16 aircraft fueling stations, 96 fuel station valves and the disassembly of six
refueling hose reels resulting in a 23 percent score increase and grades of "Excellent" or higher in
inspections.

e Completed one of the ships largest work packages which included the installation of 120 fueling station
valves, 30 cla-vals, and the disassembly of 21 hose reels for overhaul resulting in 373 man-hours of
mishap free work on equipment valued at $360,000.

e Corrected over 103 zone inspection deficiencies resulting in 270 man-hours of ship rehabilitation of 49

spaces.
e Completed over 434 inspections of tanks and assissted in the removal of 9141 interference plates with
zero mishaps.
AFORENTICE LANDSCAPER 03/2015 to 11/2015

Mikes Evergreen Landscaping | City, STATE

e Reviewed design plans and instructions and completed work according to specifications.

e Created plans and blueprints to design custom gardens and beds.

e Responded quickly to customer inquiries and concerns to drive customer satisfaction and maximize
retention.

e Assisted in scheduling weekly landscaping projects and tasks to meet deadlines.

e Planned and cultivated designer lawns and gardens to enhance backyard lawns.

e Leveraged hand-held tools to maintain green spaces.

e Operated landscaping equipment to maintain grounds and remove trees.

e Troubleshot mechanical issues and completed basic repairs to keep equipment working at peak levels.

e Scheduled regular landscaping services to promote optimal growth and maintain attractive appearance
of lawns and facility grounds.

LED BUSSER 07/2015 to 01/2016
Rockefellers Raw Bar | City, STATE

e Led team in carrying out day-to-day tasks with customer service program in mind.

e Trained new employees to perform duties.

e Consistently went above and beyond expectations by helping waiters and assisting in the kitchen to
support teammates and provide customer service.

e Applied proactive and resourceful nature to create pleasant guest experiences.

Saint Leo University, Saint Leo, FL

MiiCary Training School
Michigan Youth Challenge Academy, Battle Creek, Ml

e« Ranked in Top 10% of class and Honor Roll student.
e Acquired 19 college total course credit while attending the academy.

CrCait Reccomendation From American Council
Military Associate Degree Credits
« 3 Semester hours in fire science, 3 in aviation introduction, 1 in environmental sciences, 1 in community
health, 1 in industrial safety, and 1 in aviation safety.
e Naval aircraft and shipboard firefighting training.
e First Aid and CPR certified.