Robert Sm ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: info@oqwikresurne.com

Aircraft Technician Website : www. qwikresume,com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

9 years of experience as an Aircraft Technician is looking forward to gaining position and continue
to progress as an Aircraft Technician on Mid to Large Cabin Aircraft.

SKILLS

Internet Explorer, Qutlook, Printers, Typing, Word, Avionics Mechanic, Airframe And Power Plant
Mechanic, Aircraft Accessory Mechanic, And Aircraft Cabin Interior Mechanic.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Aircraft Technician
Dyncorp International - August 2013 - January 2015

Ensure the proper forms and documentations utilize are accurate and complete in accordance
with GMM policy and procedures prior to approving the aircraft for return to service and
forwarding to the appropriate personnel and department.

Work as a team with superiors and other aviation technicians to solve problems.
Manufacturer aircratt parts to current blueprint revision/specifications. Inspect all
manufactured parts. Ensure parts are completed on time.

Drafting, laying out, and specifying technical devices, parts, and equipment.

Accompany aircraft on flights to make in-flight adjustments and corrections,

Inspect completed work to certify that maintenance meets standards,

Maintain repair logs, docurmenting all preventive and corrective aircraft maintenance.

Aircraft Technician
Gulfstrearn Aerospace - August 2006 - August 2013

.

Troubleshooting/service/repair/preventive maintenance of all afc systems including.

Control surface and landing gear removal, teardown/rebuild, and installation.

Ensure compliance with company and customer specifications and faa regulations as
required,

Maintain Close working relationship with assigned lead regarding schedules, priorities, and
availability of parts, supplies, and tools.

Perform work from blueprints, sketches, diagrams, technical manuals, work orders, inspection
reports, and other documents or sources.

Perform assigned work in support of the fabrication, assembly, installation, repair, overhaul,
replacement, and functional check of mechanical, structural or hydraulic parts, components,
and assemblies on the ch-47f, ch-47g, and ch-47g new build.

Assisted in the accurate accountability of aircraft parts inventory and associated equipment
during unit inactivation process,

EDUCATION

Associates in General - (Kansas State University - Salina, KS )

© This Free Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guicielines