SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Diligent Aviation Ordnanceman with established knowledge and a great work ethic. Efficient problem-solver
with skills in small team management, logistics, and inspections. Talented at maintaining missiles, rockets,
flares and airborne bombs. A half decade of experience working as a third class petty officer of the United
States Navy. Ready to learn and contribute to team success. Motivated professional offering certificates in
stick, mig and tig welding for aluminum and steel. Determined to add value to any organization in need of
great collaboration, interpersonal, and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines every time. Organized and
motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments.
Seeking opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth. Dedicated employee known for
punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a
difference.

Ammunition assembly
Ammunition loading

Safety procedures

Bomb and missile servicing
Aircraft recovery

Shipping and receiving
HAZMAT handling
Sandblasting equipment assembly
Specification interpretation
Abrasive materials handling
Surface cleaning

Small parts assembly

Stick Pipe welding(all positions)
Tig pipe(all positions)

Welding(all positions)

Mig pipe(all positions)

Autobody prepping

Laying epoxy and paint deck plates/floors
Elevator operator

Building ‘maintaining hatches and doors
Painting walls and stanchions

Inspecting safety regulations and procedures
Leadership qualities over small teams

Basic knowledge of tools for calibration

e OSHA knowledge Level headed in stressful and dangerous
« Coating methods and techniques environments
e Stick,mig and tig welding Always vigilant of surroundings

Planning & organizing
Maintenance & repair
Aluminum tig welding (all positions)

Stainless steel tig welding(all positions)

© AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN

United States Navy, USN | City, STATE

CPR qualified

Stretcher barrier qualified

3m maintenance qualified

Car lift operator

Knowledgeable of PPE standards

05/2078 to CURRENT

e Awarded the roughrider of the week award for outstanding performance as well as the basic military
training honor graduate ribbon.

e Granted the good conduct medal, national defense service medal, sharp shooter 9mm pistol ribbon,
GW-terrorism service medal, (two) sea service deployment ribbons, armed forces service medal,
humanitarian service medal, Navy E- ribbon.

¢ Lifted and loaded materials of up to 1000 pounds into machines for blasting preparation.

e Loaded parts on racks in enclosed rooms, into tumbling barrels or into cabinets in preparation for daily
jobs.

e Worked effectively with fellow team members in fast-paced. dangerous and intense environments.

e Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories, and storage facilities.

e Serviced bombs, missiles and rockets and launched test devices.

e Maintained airborne weapons, aircraft guns, and operated magazine sprinkler systems.

e Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including 50 cal. machine gun
watch standing and roving spaces for safety.

e Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including operating elevators
and the movement of large scale explosives.

e Safely stowed, inspected, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition.

¢ Qualified and highly trained using (MHE) forklift driving.

e Monitored assets including vehicles, weapons, materials and equipment valued over $100 million.

ALOOBODY REPAIR ASSISTANT
Paintech Inc. | City, STATE

05/2076 to 07/2016

e Serviced and repaired equipment according to manufacturer guidelines.

e Assessed and identified issues and quickly resolved to restore functionality.

e Installed new systems and components according to service orders and manufacturer instructions.

e Offered repair or service options to help customers make decisions.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

e Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each
other.

e Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

ALSO MECHANIC ASSISTANT
Sandys Mobile Auto Repair | City, STATE

e Performed minor maintenance services. including gasket replacements, coolant flushes and tune-ups.
« Removed, replaced, balanced and rotated new or used tires to maintain on-road safety

« Completed repairs and maintenance to major vehicle models to meet safety specifications.

e« Monitored shop equipment to maintain safe working condition.

« Coordinated and oversaw vehicle bodywork while maintaining price point parameters to deliver profits.
e Welded, soldered and fabricated parts to complete skilled services.

« Maintained garage safety protocols to meet regulatory and company expectations.

e« Evaluated, repaired and aligned vehicle suspensions.

« Sourced, arranged and supervised supply inventory for most common equipment and tools.

« Assisted drivers by safely directing vehicle backward to position correctly.

01/2015 to 12/2015

. Welding 07/2017
Lincoln Technical Institute - Hartford, Hartford, CT
Arcritecture
SUNY Delhi University, Delhi, NY
High School Diploma 04/2014

Construction Trades Engineering And Architecture, Queens, NY