PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

) « Community Health & Outreach e Budget Management, Processes

« Program Evaluation e Business strategies, Program development
« Mental & Public Health Administration e Credit, Program Evaluation
« Organization Development e Customer Service, Quality Assurance
« Organization Leadership e Data Management, Quality improvement
« Customer Service Engagement e Debit, Reporting
« Personnel Operations e Financial, Research
« Data Management e Functional, SAS
« Fiscal & Budget Management « Government, Sound
« Case Management e Human Resources, SPSS
« Performance Management e &HR, Strategic alliances
« Regulatory Compliance e Insurance, Supervisory
« Crisis Intervention e Leadership, Written
« Government Reporting e Managing
« SPSS &SAS e Meetings
e« Administrative, Performance Management e« Mental health
« Streamline, Personnel e Monitors
« Automated Teller Machine, Policies « Organization Development
« Banking, Presentations e Organizational
« Benefits, Process Improvement e Performance Reviews

© BANKING PROGRAM MANAGER 01/2018 to CURRENT

Community Development Commission | Alhambra, CA

e Oversees a monthly child support disbursement of over 60 million dollars to Georgia Families.

e Provide effective leadership, clear guidance and appropriate program development and coordination of
all day to day financial activities of the Division.

e Manage multiple projects and programs operating concurrently.

e Develop and implement business strategies and plans to meet Child Support objectives.

e Establish and forge relationships with other Agencies to collaborate and facilitate the development and
integration of operating program initiatives and activities.

e Directs and Develop efficient methods, internal controls, programs and procedures to improve cost
effectiveness, streamline organizational financial structures, and assure conformity with sound
management and business principles for the Field Offices.

¢ Facilitated Statewide Site Audits to all DCSS field offices to evaluate our current practices, identify
trends that indicate opportunities, challenges and recommend improvements to our financial processes
and procedures to achieve daily operational excellence.

e Analyze all collected data and findings and interpret complex legislative, regulatory, and policy guidance
for use in managing Child Support programs.

e Assures Rapid Process Improvement (RPI) Standard Operating Procedures are implemented and
followed in all case management practices.

e Consults with Performance Management to ensure effective and proper corrective actions are put in
place to increase performance and maintain compliance with all federal regulations.

« Manages all DCSS Operating Account and the Statewide Debit Card Program.

e Monitors and Manage all Child Support Banking Contract development/renewals/amendments.

e Consistently manage multiple Feasibility projects and priorities effectively daily.

e Assists with projects, presentations and assignments as assigned by the DHS Executive Leadership
Team.

CLINICAL SERVICE SUPERVISOR 12/2013 to 12/2017
Carroll-Heard County Mental Outpatient Clinic | City, STATE

e Direct and oversee multi-functional program activities involving complex range of Mental health
programs.

e Manage multiple projects and programs operations daily.

e Responsible for planning, development and implementation of Process and Improvement projects for
the Clinics.

e Analyze collected stakeholder’s data and findings and interpret complex legislative, regulatory, policy
guidance for use in managing all mental health programs.

e Develop and implement strategies and plans for meeting Clinic objectives.

e Establish and forge relationships with international organizations to collaborate and facilitate the
development and integration of operating public mental health program initiatives and activities.

e Oversee all County Case Management duties which included Therapy, Medical Services, Housing
Program Assistance, Medical Insurance Provision and Disability Benefits.

e Oversee and Manage a staff of 14 Fulltime Employees, 4 Part-time Employees and 2 Contract
Physicians.

e Provide daily guidance, advice and assistance to Clinical Therapists, Case Managers. Administrative
Staff, and new hires.

e Oversee and ensured compliance with the CMO providers, Medicaid providers and Parental Court
Accountability program.

e Partnered with Quality Assurance Team to develop and update clinical policies, improvement plans,
procedures, written material and contractual obligations.

e Oversee all Personnel HR Functions that includes yearly Performance Reviews, Reference Checks,
Staff time and Leave reports.

e Develop orientation and training for new Staff and work with Human Resources to recruit and select new
Staff for both Carroll and Heard County Clinic.

e Perform audit reviews to identify quality improvement needs and plans and provide recommendations
based on research findings and product performance.

e Participated in other Supervisory meetings as assigned.

PROGRAM COORDINATOR 01/2010 to 01/2013
Christ The King Day Habilitation Center | City, STATE

e Supervised/trained tellers, developed strategic alliances, and solicited business accounts.

e Performed monthly Branch and Vault Audits.

e Supervised all daily operations, opened/closed the branch, secured vault, and daily m the Automated
Teller Machine.

« Managed and coordinated daily banking activities i.e.

e ACH authorizations, credit card reconciliations, deposit transfers, bank reversal requests, fees and
journal entries.

e Reconciled weekly debit card transactions, disbursements, research/correction of disbursement errors
& reversals.

« Handled employee personnel performance and developed improvement plans.

e Resolved escalated customer issues in a timely manner.

e Increased branch's revenue by 200% annually.

e« Consistently exceeded both branch and individual's goals monthly.

e Won the quarterly Employee Excellence Award multiple times.

-) Master of Science | Organizational Leadership

BRENAU UNIVERSITY, Gainesville, GA

Ba-helor of Arts | Sociology
GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY, Atlanta, GA

AsUociate | Business Administration
ATLANTA METROPOLITAN COLLEGE, Atlanta, GA