JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Jessica, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Experienced Assistant Vice President offering career in banking and financial services sector for more than 19 years. Skilled in digital
banking. retail banking and investment solutions. Looking for exciting role with terrific fast-paced bank or investment company.

SKILLS
« New customer acquisition management e Senior leadership support
¢ Leadership ¢ Competitive and Trend Analysis
e Customer experience e Process improvement
¢ Product development e Financial Management
EXPERIENCE

07/2007 to Current Assistant Vice President & Branch Banking Officer
Ridgewood Savings Bank — City, STATE
e Exceeded new customer acquisition target in certain markets by 20% over goal year-over-year.
e Exceeded branch deposit growth goals by 15-25% in certain branches by focusing on relationships and motivation
of the team.
¢ Led many teams up to 30 team members and managed branches with deposits that exceeded $400 million.
© Developed new relationships by identifying customer needs for certain products and exceeded investment
commission goal by over 25% year-over-year.
¢ Recommended product changes to enhance future service delivery and to grow the customer base by over 15% in
certain markets.
e Led my team to provide a great customer experience and improved the service quality index (SQI) by 10% year-
over-year.
e Improved the efficiency ratio by 10-15% by acquiring low cost deposits and offering alternative financial solutions
that increased revenue by 25-50% in certain markets.
e Recommended new customer engagement opportunities that increased digital service adoption and usage rates by
10-15% year-over-year.
¢ Grew business deposits by 15-20% year-over-year by cross-selling various business services and loans offered
internally and through various vendors.
Actively trained over 30 licensed bankers and identified opportunities to grow the investment program by 15-20%
in investment commission year-over-year.
e Assisted with Fiserv DNA core system conversion and Fiserv UX beta core system testing to identify any potential
impacts to the customer experience.
¢ Recommended branch process improvements to senior-level retail banking and digital channel officers while
adhering to regulatory guidelines.
« Recommended enhancements to customer touch points through various channels that increased customer adoption

fates by up to 10%.
e Recommended branding opportunities and digital services to attract younger demographic age groups.

09/2001 to 07/2007 Assistant Treasurer & Branch Manager
City And Suburban Federal Savings Bank — City, STATE

e Exceeded new customer acquisition target in certain markets by 25% over goal year-over-year.

e Grew business deposits by 25-30% year-over-year by cross-selling various business services and loans offered
internally and through various vendors.

¢ Led many teams up to 15 team members and managed branches with deposits that exceeded $150 million.

e Exceeded branch deposit growth goals by 25-30% in certain branches by focusing on relationships and motivation
of the team.

© Developed new relationships and exceeded investment GDC commission goal by over 100% year-over-year by
identifying customer needs for certain products.

« Received national investment advisory awards from Infinex for exceeding personal commission goals by over
200% year-over-year.

e Consistently received mystery shop scores over 98% year-over-year.

e Improved the efficiency ratio by 15-20% in certain markets by acquiring low cost deposits and offering alternative
financial solutions that increased revenue by up to 50% in certain markets.

e Recommended new customer engagement opportunities that increased digital service adoption and usage rates by
15% year-over-year.

e Actively trained over 40 licensed bankers and identified opportunities to grow the investment program by 25-30%
year-over-year.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
06/2017 Wharton Leadership Certificate: Banking And Finance
University of Pennsylvania - Wharton School - Philadelphia, PA

06/2017 MBA: Banking And Finance
ABA Stonier Graduate School of Banking - Philadelphia, PA

06/2010 BBA: Banking And Finance
Lehman College - City University of New York - Bronx, NY
CERTIFICATIONS

e New York State Licensed Life Agent
e New York State Notary Public