JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Accomplished Leader with 20 years of progressive responsibilities in the banking industry. Well known for ability to develop departments,
lead co-workers/staff, drive production and execute exceptional customer satisfaction.

SKILLS
¢ Team leadership © Regulatory compliance
¢ Client assessment and analysis ¢ Complex C&I relationship
« Risk assessment * Coaching and mentoring
« Business Development e Goal attainment
¢ Interpersonal and written communication © Strategic implementation
EXPERIENCE

04/2019 to Current Commercial and Business Banking Team Lead
STCU — City, STATE
¢ Build brand awareness and cultivate new business relationships through business development activities,
community events, volunteer activities and social media.

e Lead team of commerical and business bankers focused on relationship banking and balanced growth.

© Developed and implemented calling plan for businesses with revenues of $2MM to $25MM utilizing market
intelligence search platforms.
Solicit, develop and service a wide variety of commercial loans, including OO CRE, Investment, Construction and
C&lI.
e Analyze P&L, balance sheets, AR, & business trends to determine debt structure and opportunities.
e Leverage relationships with internal partners to develop new strategies to enrich existing portfolio and source new

opportunities, uncovering additional needs including cash management, merchant services etc.

Translated corporate strategy into actionable plans, holding team accountable for following official sales process
and coverage model plan.

e Recruited, developed and retained high-performing associates to build capable sales team consistently out-
performing expectations.

Anticipated business changes and implemented additional incremental growth programs as needed to exceed

revenue and profitability goals.

e Adapted quickly to new challenges in market segment, communicating with team members to identify obstacles
and implement plans of attack.

© Developed strategic sales growth plan for new markets.

e Increased sales with execution of full sales cycle processing from initial lead processing through conversion and

closing.

01/2016 to 03/2019 Commercial Banking Relationship Manager, V.P.
Umpqua Bank — City, STATE

e Provide solutions based banking services to business clients through active business development and relationship
management

¢ Manage a $58MM credit portfolio which includes Commercial Real Estate (Owner Occupied and Investment) and
C&I lending: including asset based lines of credit, equipment, commercial credit cards, letters of credit, merchant
services and treasury management

e Collaborate with internal partners to ensure client is provided optional banking solutions; maximizing capital and
cash flow operations

e Mentor other Commercial Banker's, assisting with loan structure and pricing

e Portfolio relationship enhancement/expansion

e Exceeded annual production goals by 168%

e Exceeded annual deposit goals by 162%

e Exceeded annual loan fee goal by 167%

01/2011 to 01/2016 Credit Solutions Manager, VP
Umpqua Bank/Sterling Bank — City, STATE
e Review all business credit requests for 65 retail branches, make recommendations accordingly
e Prepare personal and business credit analysis
e Train and mentor managers on business lending: including business development, structuring and credit analysis
« Provide recommendations for complex relationships; including loan structuring and cash management
e Review all declines and escalation requests
¢ Develop and implement business development strategy

12/2008 to 01/2011 Associate Banking Manager
Sterling Bank — City, STATE
© Develop overall program strategy and business plan for newly created department
e Create brand loyalty by developing innovative and market leading products and services
© Developed onboarding program for products and services
e Create and manage all in house marketing media, logo, SharePoint site and company correspondence in regard to
department
e Research, develop and implement ideas for annual promotions
e Originate employee consumer lending and deposit relationships
e Manage team and initiatives to accomplish budget goals for deposits, consumer loans, cross sell and employee
banking participation
e Increase participation to 92% within Ist year
e Increase loan production by 200% in 1st year

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2017 Graduate School of Banking: Banking
Pacific Coast Banking School - University Of Washington

Bachelor of Arts: Communications/Marketing
Gonzaga University - Spokane, WA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND ACTIVITIES

¢ Presidents Club, elected by Executive Leadership in recognition of leadership excellence.
e Speaker at Women In Business Conference

e Presenter for "Ask the Experts", Tri-Cities Regional Chamber of Commerce program.

¢ Credit Union Day at the Capital

¢ CUNA Government Affairs Conference