PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Customer-oriented Bank Officer offering nine years of experience overseeing online services and verifying
adherence to state and federal banking rules and regulations. Supportive and communicative professional
polished in providing banking services to individuals and corporate customers, including opening accounts
and upselling financial services. In-depth knowledge of available bank products and services paired with
outstanding customer service abilities. Professional Banking Officer with experience serving bank customers
through various offerings. Helpful when processing transactions, opening accounts and cross-selling bank
services. Team player quick to assist staff members in various departments. Managers and other staff with
various needs to deliver outstanding service. Accomplished Bank Officer with nine years of experience
interacting with customers to increase sales and offer services. Seasoned expert at promoting products and
offerings, creating new accounts and assisting customers with various requests. Motivated and results-
oriented with background increasing new customer accounts and maximizing services among existing
customers.

e Training & Development e Product presentation

e Sales e Bank services

e Cash management e Transactions

e Banking document preparation ¢ Detail-oriented

e Teller support e Process implementation

e Build relationships with customers e = Skilled with both formal and informal
e Banking product sales presentations

e Accomplished sales skills and working
knowledge of business and community

ONLINE BANKING OFFICER 01/2019 to CURRENT
L'oreal | Sacramento, CA

¢ Met with clients to generate new business and negotiate contracts.

e Directed staff of 15 personnel including four direct reports.

e Established key procedures for teams preparing documentation, models and presentations.

e Encouraged employee development and promoted staff from within.

e Analyzed customer profiles to identify appropriate products and provide value-added approaches to
client issues.

e Collaborated with compliance department to complete audits in several areas. Including Federal, State
and internal audits.

e Complete annual due diligence for ACH and RDC clients. Included obtaining financial statements to
analyze risk and establish thresholds.

e Managed and oversaw biggest online banking conversion in bank history in 2020.

e Integral piece during recent bank merger. Managed and trained staff in Cash Management and Online
Services.

e Rewrote and update policies/procedures for different areas and products.

e Involved heavily with mapping of data during bank merger.

e Work closely with lending team to cross-sell and migrate customers to appropriate product set

e Demonstrate services and products to prospects through personal meetings

OrQINE BANKING/CASH MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 05/2016 to 01/2019
Ges Credit Union | O'fallon, IL

e Provide support to customers and bank staff regarding electronic products and services

e Establish online customer accounts including entering data, assigning access permissions and
performing account verification

e Ensure timely response and resolution of customer questions and issues in timely, professional manner
via telephone, email or in-person

e Perform maintenance to existing online accounts, re-setting passwords and making account changes as
requested

e Monitor electronic security system for cash management clients

e Perform daily tasks including account balancing, monitor of fraud prevention, review mobile deposited
checks, review bill pay and ACH reports

e Manage multiple email accounts

e Assist customers in ACH and wire origination

e Take consultative approach with customers and match customers with non-loan products that best fit
their needs to include, but are not limited to, online banking, bill pay, remote deposit capture, wire
transfer, eStatements, ACH origination

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 01/2016 to 05/2016
First Western Bank & Trust| City, STATE

e Greet visitors and customers in courteous manner

e Establish solid customer relationships through identifying needs, providing creative and best solutions
for customers, and using cross-sell and referral opportunities

e Open new accounts, assist customers with changes and updates to existing accounts

e Answer customer credit and debit card questions, resolve maintenance issues, and post payments

¢ Open and maintained certificates of deposits for customers

TECLER 08/2012 to 05/2016
First Western Bank & Trust| City, STATE

e Performed daily teller functions including. receiving deposits & loan payments: cashing checks: issuing
savings withdrawals: recording night & mail deposits: issuing cashier's checks & money orders

e Counted, packaged & verified currency and coins maintained in drawer and sold to vaults; reconciled
loan coupons and other transactions

e Maintained recommended cash limits in drawer and vaults: performed teller closing procedures to
ensure teller stations and bank access areas are ready for next business day

e Accurately balance cash drawer at end of each business day

e Trained newly hired tellers, providing extensive mentoring along with positive reinforcement.

Bachelor of Science | International Business 05/2016
Minot State University, Minot, ND

Baohelor of Science | Business Management 05/2016
Minot State University, Minot, ND

Hig. School Diploma 05/2012
Garrison High School, Garrison, ND

« Collaborated with team of [Number] in the development of [Project name].
« Supervised team of four staff members.

« Implemented and tested positive pay system for fraud prevention

e« Led online services through bank merger

« Key deciding member in online banking platform conversion