JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic banking operation associate eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational
skills. Clear understanding of exceptional customer service and strong banking ethics and training in disaster recovery to build long term
relationships with customers. Motivated to leam, grow and excel in the financial industry.

SKILLS
* Cash handling expertise e Customer service
e Organization e Business operations
* Problem resolution e Spanish translation
e Signature verification e Energetic / Positive
e Team Player / Conflict Resolutions e Bulk filing
e Self directed mindset e Reliable
* Meticulous to details e Log book maintenance
e Strong banking ethics e High level of accuracy
Work HIsTory

Banking Operations Specialist, 05/2020 - Current
Bank Of Utah — Sandy, UT
BRANCH - Bank Teller/Receptionist
e Greet and welcome guest in person or over the telephone and assure they are promptly attended by the account officer they are meeting
with.
e Maintain the logs for visitor(s), tracking number(s) and check(s).
* Receive daily incoming correspondence, sort and deliver to addressee.
¢ Deactivate alarm for main vault while opening branch and activate alarm after closing main vault.
e Answer telephone, take and relay messages and transfer phone calls accordingly.
¢ Comply with procedures, rules and regulations on clean desk policy.
* Process safe cash/or check deposits, withdrawals and merchants while reviewing transaction with extreme attention to details.
e Issue official checks and/or counter checks while conducting OFAC on payees.
¢ Process foreign exchange for clients needing euros or brazilian reales.
* Open new domestic and off shore accounts approved by compliance.
e Process maintenance to accounts such as alert messages, restrictions, undeliverable mail, title changes, account types, account officer
codes, withholding status or dates following the proper polices, procedures and approvals.
e Order cash, foreign currency and checkbooks.
e Arranging daily work folders upon completion of daily reports such as daily reconciliations, cash transactions, CTR's and POD's.
IMAGING - Imaging Specialist
e Sort and/or prepare hard copy records for scanning with proper cover sheets.
¢ Scan Hardcopy files to electronic images.
e Assure the quality of the image and the quantity of the documents are accurate.
¢ Perform work at an established production rate while ensuring time sensitive items are being completed and processed by deadlines.
¢ Release information in accordance with established polices and procedures and regulatory requirements.
¢ Prepare boxes for placement of scanned documents in accordance with process for offsite pick up.
e File in accordance to retention requirements.
JACK HENRY DEPT. - Information Processing Specialist
* Responsible for researching more complex questions and transactions that can not be resolved within minutes, frequent interaction with
internal lead and supervisory staff.
e Ensures that deadlines are met on a daily basis.
e Answer questions for branches and department employees
e Reviews items and reports quality issues to appropriate levels.
e Verify balances, create batches, place holds, place credits and/or debits, reverse or delete transactions on USD or foreign accounts in
accordance to policy and procedures.
* Process ACH incoming, outgoing and origination files.
¢ Process bank expense invoices received by accounts payable department.
WIRE DEPARTMENT - Wire Processing / Investigations Specialist
e Receives, reviews and process outgoing wire instructions received following strict verification process in accordance with policy. Inputs
instructions into system and initiates corrective action if needed.
e Assist account officers or internal departments with questions related to wire transfers. Provide first level support for any wire issue and
escalate issue if deemed necessary.
¢ Notify account officers or internal departments of any incoming wire transfers.
« Received swift messages and responded accordingly following proper polices and procedures.
¢ Create a library of outgoing wire templates for daily funding.
e Perform wire transfer investigations for USD and foreign currency and properly logged.
e GL Reconcilement, while executing batch transaction entries as needed for domestic and foreign wires and fees. Ensure all funds are
properly accounted for by balancing the wire system at opening and closing balancing the wire proceeds general ledger account.
e Establish relationships with banks via swift as needed.
« Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information to prevent mishandling of data and potential breaches.

Head Vault Teller, 02/2011 - 05/2015
Abound Credit Union — Elizabethtown, KY
* Completed highly accurate, high-volume money counts via both manual and machine-driven approaches.
* PClaireted products or services to each customer to consistently achieve sales targets.
* Monitored customer behaviors and upheld strict protocols to prevent theft of assets.
¢ Upheld strict financial controls by keeping funds secure and accurately transferring monies.
¢ Volunteered for extra shifts during holidays and other busy periods to alleviate staffing shortages.
e Executed customer transactions, including deposits, withdrawals, money orders and checks.
© Provided high-level customer service through friendly approach, strong professionalism and timely assistance with customer transactions.
e Processed quarterly vault and ATM audits with zero error rate.
e Answered telephone inquiries on banking products including checking, savings, loans and lines of credit.
« Maintained balancing record with 100% rate of accuracy.
e Trained employees on cash drawer operation system.

¢ Completed daily reports such as daily recaps, overrides and CTR's.

Assistant Head Teller, 05/2007 - 01/2011
Marathon Bank — City, STATE
¢ Completed highly accurate, high-volume money counts via both manual and machine-driven approaches.
e Upheld strict financial controls by keeping funds secure and accurately transferring monies.
e Monitored customer behaviors and upheld strict protocols to prevent theft of assets.
e Executed customer transactions, including deposits, withdrawals, money orders and checks.
e Rapidly and efficiently prepared customer and ATM cash and change orders.
e Processed quarterly vault and ATM audits with zero error rate.
© Provided high-level customer service through friendly approach, strong professionalism and timely assistance with customer transactions.
e Answered telephone inquiries on banking products including checking, savings, loans and lines of credit.

EDUCATION
GED

Department of Education - SanJuan PR

Associate of Arts: Business Administration
Borough of Manhattan Community College of The City University of New York - New York, NY