SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

ACTIVITIES AND ©

HONORS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned investment professional with strong leadership and interpersonal skills. Adds energy and value to
the organizational quest for excellence. Special talent for derivative agreement drafting, review, and
negotiation.

« Contract Management & Administration e Attention to Detail

« Contract Abstraction « Problem-Solving

« Contract Drafting e Time Management

« Contract Negotiation e Honest and Ethical

« Team Management « Team Leadership

« Reliable and Responsible e Verbal and Written Communication
INVESTMENT BANKING SPECIALIST 05/2021 to 03/2022

Wellington Management Company, Lip | Radnor, PA

e Core Operations Management

e Manage Multiple Teams to ensure successful service delivery to various stakeholders

e Manage E2E services Delivery and drive quality regarding process excellence

e Work closely with delivery Teams on TAT Management process improvement and adherence to SLA
e Strong digitization experience with e-discovery projects undertaken

e Worked on Deforce and FileNet Tool and remediated the mismatched Agreement

LEQAL EXPERT 01/2018 to 05/2021
Société Générale Global Solutions Centre Pvt. Ltd | City, STATE

e Drafting and Negotiation for ISDA, GMRA, GMSLA Contract (Derivative Agreement)

e Contract Review and Abstraction for derivative Agreements

e Heading Legal Automation project

e Handling Adhoc Projects Independently

e Reporting Data to Stakeholder/Client

e Client Calls, Client training

e Modification of Rulebook as per the process

e Handling Daily calls with Onshore stakeholders

e Managing the Quality Assurance of documents for review and abstraction before the Final Production

e Attending client calls on a weekly basis

e Assuring that signed contracts are communicated to all relevant parties to provide contract visibility and
awareness, interpretation to support the implementation

e Managing ongoing contracting issues and change management for contracting practice and closing
them on priority

e Developing & maintaining contracts repository through tools, processing contracts for different approval

e Providing advisory to clients on managing business controversy & conflict, executing deals, and
maintaining regulatory compliance

LEQAL EXECUTIVE 01/2016 to 02/2018
Cognizant Technologies Solutions | City, STATE

e Conducted legal research and analysis to draft legal opinions, studies and reports.

e Maintained current knowledge of laws to provide clarification on legal concerns.

e Reviewed legal materials for compliance to correct issues.

e Examined legal data to determine advisability of defending or prosecuting lawsuits.

e Leveraged knowledge of precedents and applicable laws to determine probable case outcomes.

e Interviewed clients and witnesses to acquire additional insight into case details.

e Advised clients regarding legal matters, business transactions and claim liability.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

e Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.

e Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone
conversations.

e Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

LEOAL ASSOCIATE 06/2014 to 07/2015
QuisLex Legal Services | City, STATE

e Conducted legal research and analysis to draft legal opinions, studies and reports.

e Reviewed legal materials for compliance to correct issues.

e Routed contracts, agreements and invoices through proper signature process.

e Drafted documents related to client's activities, including statements, contracts and agreements,
focusing on readability and enforceability.

e Performed complex legal research to prepare for cases or arbitration.

e Provided legal advice, opinions and solutions regarding issues and risks on various transactional and
regulatory matters.

e Reviewed documents and obtained additional information to complete accurate paperwork and avoid
delays.

e Prepared legal memos and other documents under guidance of staff attorneys.

e Reviewed files, records and other obtained documents to respond to customer requests.

e Located missing or mislabeled products, researched paperwork discrepancies and updated computer
database.

e Provided current and useful information in support of business decision making by gathering process
and operational information, organizing points and analyzing trends.

e Completed documents and work requests according to company standards.

e Verified accuracy and integrity of supplied data against established standards.

e Monitored activities to assess compliance with records policies and document management regulations.

BBA - LLB 01/2014
India, New Law College (Bharati Vidyapeeth University), New, Pune, Delhi

Juniors under Adv. Arun k. Beriwal (AOR) in Supreme court of, 2 Months Description: Case Studies,
Observing Proceedings of the Case, Observing hearings of the cases, and Legal Research, GPA: 67

English: Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Bengali:

Negotiated:

« Promoted from Associate to SME, in less than 12 months.

e« Led team to achieve project delivery before deadline, earning recognition from upper management and
financial reward.

e Created a highly effective new program that significantly impacted efficiency and improved operations.
(Automation Project)

e Recognized as Employee of the Year for outstanding performance and team contributions.

« Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.

e Member, Alumni Association