JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am a versatile employee adept in financial analysis, audit support, account reconciliations and collections. Proficient in preparing financial
statements, monitoring controls and completing closings. Highly detail-oriented, proactive and diligent. I also speak English and Spanish

fluently.
SKILLS
* Cash register e Rapport building
e Customer Satisfaction e Financial strategy management
e Reading e Financial product expertise
* Selling * Microsoft Access and Dynamics
* Scheduling e Risk analysis
e Sales growth * Cost and budget analysis
* Cash vault audit e Client relationship management
e Loan application advisement e Organization
e Branch operations © Supervision
e Increased revenue e¢ Communication
EXPERIENCE

Personal Banking Officer, 09/2016 - Current
First Hawaiian Bank — Pukalani, HI
e Expanded customer relationships by maintaining regular follow-up processes and rapport.
e Built strong rapport with new and existing clients to better serve financial needs and promote branch loyalty.
e Partnered with loan and mortgage officers and financial advisors to provide clients with optimal financial solutions.
¢ Helped customers open and close accounts, apply for loans and make sound financial decisions.
e Exercised judgment when dispensing information to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information.
* Described promotional offers and used persuasive sales techniques to upsell services and convince clients to apply for additional banking
services.
e Created strategic financial solutions to suit individualized client needs.
e Expanded client base through consistent product promotion and sales strategy.
© Met with clients to facilitate budget management and financial guidance.
e¢ Maximized branch revenue by optimizing daily operations.
* Increased teller efficiency by developing and implementing improved service methods
e Ordered supplies and materials to secure inventory and sensitive and propriety items.
¢ Completed month-end and year-end closings, kept records audit-ready and monitored timely recording of accounting transactions.
e Reviewed documents and personal identifying paperwork through Notary services.
¢ Responded promptly to customer inquiries and complaints to find solutions and diffuse tension.
e Entered new account information into computers and filed related forms and other documents.
e Interacted with prospects to better understand products and services required.
¢ Procured client credit reports and financial documents for account establishment.
¢ Prepared appropriate forms regarding cards, checks and money orders.
¢ Collected and recorded customer deposits and fees and issued receipts.
e Executed wire transfers of funds in compliance with banking best practices.
e Maintained customer data confidentiality while inputting information into system.
e Alleviated issues quickly by getting in touch with customers and explaining steps for successful resolution.
¢ Identified which company offerings would best meet customer needs and provided additional details about pricing and support.
* Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
* Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

Sales Representative, 05/2014 - 09/2016
M3 Usa Corporation — Newport Beach, CA
* Daily tasks include calling customers, scheduling appointments, and following up with past customers to ensure complacency.
¢ Landing the customer on the “RIGHT” product and not putting them in something unrealistic to their finances.
* Constant training throughout each month to maintain appropriate certifications.
e Leamed to sell not only our product but also the dealership and most importantly myself.
¢ Dealt with hundreds of people to find out that each customer has their own needs and requirements.
e It was always about hitting the monthly goal in volume of cars but even more urgently, in accomplishing our CSI (Customer Satisfaction
Index) goal.
¢ Pursued and generated customer leads as well as engaged in follow up activities to gain new client accounts.
¢ Interacted with customers to understand particular needs and identify products and services best suited to helping in achieving goals.
e Explained features and benefits of merchandise to customers to increase sales and profits.
¢ Collaborated with other sales team members to share selling strategies and gain new insights.

e Retained clients and obtained referrals by promptly resolving customer complaints, providing value and promoting quality.

Customer Service, 12/2012 - 12/2014
Leslie's Pool Supplies (Dba) — Austin, TX
¢ Helped company obtain their highest goals each month by selling their products.
e Intensive reading and training each month to get better in customer satisfaction and productivity.
¢ Memorized the company’s product deals that they had each week.
e Replenished stock everyday throughout each aisle.
* Operated the cash register and properly escorted the customer out.
* Organized store by returning all merchandise to its proper place and restocked displays.
* Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays to focus customer attention on specific items.
« Recommended merchandise to customers based on needs and preferences.
e Educated customers on product and service offerings.
¢ Demonstrated products to customers, discussed features and redirected objections to capture sales.
¢ Met or exceeded upselling, donation and credit card sign-up targets on consistent basis by leveraging excellent communication and
interpersonal strengths.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Manager's Assistant, 08/2011 - 12/2012
Sbarro Pizza — City, STATE
e Restocked office supplies daily and troubleshot problems with equipment to keep operations on-track.
e Maintained records through timely updates to employee and other files.
¢ Conducted inside training sessions to educate employees on products and company policies.
© Utilized company reports to analyze sales, gross profit and inventory activity.
e Conducted research, compiled data and prepared documentation for consideration and presentation to upper management.
e Read and analyzed incoming memos, submissions and reports to determine significance and plan distribution.
¢ Helped increase company profitability through customer relationship development, community involvement and marketing campaigns.
e Developed successful marketing plans to increase sales and profits while managing costs.
e Assigned tasks to associates to fit skill level and maximize team performance.
¢ Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize group productivity.
e Mentored staff to enhance skills and achieve daily targets, using hands-on and motivational leadership.
e Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.
e Organized schedules, workflows and shift coverage to meet expected business demands.
e Maintained inventory accuracy by counting stock-on-hand and reconciling discrepancies.
¢ Completed inventory audits to identify losses and project demand.
© Secured revenue, accurately monitoring transactions and deposits to eliminate discrepancies.
e Monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to verify adequate cash supply.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: Business Administration, 05/2021
Strayer University - Washington, DC
¢ Iota Eta Chapter of Alpha Sigma lambda honor society Member

Associate of Arts: Political Science, 08/2015
Palm Beach State College - Lake Worth, FL

MBA: Information Technology Project Management
Strayer University - Washington, DC