Reginia Peklo

Banking Officer

Results-driven Banking Officer with 2 years of experience in providing excellent customer service, managing accounts,
and conducting financial transactions. Adept at maintaining compliance with banking regulations and policies,
implementing effective cross-selling strategies, and streamlining processes to enhance operational efficiency. Strong
analytical and interpersonal skills, with a proven ability to build and maintain relationships with clients, colleagues, and
stakeholders.

reginia.peklo@gmail.com © Employment History
(764) 331-2455 & Banking Officer at Wells Fargo, AZ

Mar 2023 - Present
* Successfully increased the overall loan portfolio by 15% within a
year by acquiring new clients and retaining existing ones, resulting
in an additional revenue of $1.2 million for Wells Fargo, AZ.
* Streamlined the loan approval process by implementing a new
Education risk assessment model, reducing the average time taken for loan
approvals by 35% and improving customer satisfaction by 20%.
* Led a team that achieved the highest cross-selling ratio in the
region, with an increase of 25% in sales of additional financial
products to existing customers, generating an extra income of

1234 Desert Breeze St, Phoenix, QO
AZ 85032

Bachelor of Business
Administration in Banking
and Finance at Arizona State

University, Tempe, AZ $500,000 for the bank.
Sep 2017 - May 2021
Relevant Coursework: Financial Assistant Banking Officer at Bank of America, AZ
Management, Investment Sep 2021 - Feb 2023
Analysis, Risk Management, * Successfully managed a portfolio of over 150 high net-worth clients,
Banking Operations, Corporate resulting in a 20% increase in overall client satisfaction and a 15%
Finance, Financial Accounting, growth in assets under management within one year.

Streamlined the loan application and approval process by
implementing new software and training for staff, reducing the
average loan processing time by 25% and increasing the number of
. approved loans by 30% in a six-month period.
Links ;

Implemented a targeted marketing campaign that led to the
linkedin.com/in/reginiapeklo acquisition of 50 new small business clients, generating an
additional $2 million in annual revenue for the bank.

and Business Economics.

Skills
Risk assessment Certificates
‘ . : Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (CAMS)
Financial analysis 0
ct 2021
Customer service Certified Credit Professional (CCP)
Mar 2020
Regulatory compliance
Loan processin :
oe Memberships
Credit evaluation American Bankers Association (ABA)
Cash management Institute of International Bankers (IIB)

Languages