JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Banker with over 16 years of experience. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction. Well-
qualified financial systems leader offering demonstrated skill and success in managing internal accounting processes, improving controls and
strengthening systems for optimal performance. Proficient in all aspects of accounting, including accounts payable and receivable. Gifted in
building and leading solid teams to handle high-volume operations with consistency, accuracy and full compliance with regulatory

requirements.
SKILLS
¢ Social Perceptiveness e Proactive and Focused
¢ Operation Center Management e Adaptable to Changing Conditions
¢ Sales Support ¢ Complex Problem-Solving
*« Compliance Assessments e Critical Thinking
Work HIsToRy

Banking Center Manager L, 09/2019 - Current
Camden National Corporation — Belfast, ME
¢ Performed business/consumer banking and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.
e Managed branch offices by mentoring and cross-training new leadership as part of succession planning.
e Adhered to established security procedures and reported potential fraud or safety violations to management for immediate recourse.
*« Complete Yearly Performance Reviews for staff
e Buy and sell cash to Brinks
e Balance/Full ATM
e Interact with customers seeking solutions to their financing needs, through results-driven strategies and a professional demeanor
e Drive the sale of company products and services through engaging inside sales calls to increase customer base
e Generates new business to assist in meeting or exceeding sales, growth and profitability goals
e Manage the retention and maintenance of existing accounts
* Generates, completes, and closes consumer loans
* Complete Commerical Loan Advance
¢ Help Businesses apply for Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and Forgiveness
e Customer Service-(internal and external) Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; responds promptly to customer needs;
responds to request for service and assistance; meets commitments
e Manage the security and safety of the branch. Analyze and monitor security system is operating properly
¢ Responsible for all daily operational functions of a branch location such as staff, security, audits, compliance and operational polices and
procedures
¢ Provides guidance and coaching to staff related to sales and operational performance exceptions, problems, exceptions and adjustments

Customer Service Representative Supervisor, 10/2018 - 02/2019
Laz Parking — Culver City, CA
e Supervised three CSR/Tellers in providing excellent customer services
e Improved customer satisfaction scores through application of superior conflict resolution and problem-solving skills.
e Managed, developed and trained staff, established and monitored goals, conducted performance reviews and administered salaries for staff.
* Delegated tasks to administrative support staff to organize and improve office efficiency.
¢ Provided backup to front desk to step in to assist with various tasks whenever employee was absent or at lunch. Complete customers
transactions
« Complete Monthly Staff schedules
® Quarterly teller audits, Side by Side Reviews
e Order tickets and supplies needed for the Branch
e Audit and full TCDs and TCRs

Customer Service Associate I, 07/2017 - 04/2018
Texas A&M University — College Station, TX
¢ Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.
e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concems.
* Informed customers about special promotions and provided detailed information for various products.
¢ Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times.
e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
« Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.
e Assist with Desk help (opening consumer and business account, taking loan applications etc)
e Assist with conducting transactions on the teller line

Customer Service Representative II/ Teller , 09/2006 - 07/2017
Ist Source Bank — City, STATE
¢ Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction.
¢ Educated clients on account services and resolved client inquiries regarding statement information and account balances.
e Answered customer inquiries regarding account balances, transaction history, services charges and interest rates.
¢ Processed customer transactions promptly, minimizing wait times.
e Educated customers on use of banking website and mobile apps.
© Recognized needs and referred to appropriate representative or line of business for cross-sell or service opportunities.
¢ Stocked supplies for customers and personal teller station.
« Disputes, stop payments and account transfers.
e Conducted regular proof work and followed up on chargebacks and deposit corrections.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 06/1997
Central Noble High School - Albion, IN

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Microsoft Word
Excel

Desktop
Verafin
Decision Pro
E-funds