SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

1
\
>

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated banking professional well-versed in developing long-lasting and productive relationships with small
business customers. Skilled at reviewing accounts and business packages with a practiced eye in order to
propose improvements and resolve issues. Excellent communicator and multitasker with strong planning and
conilict-resolution skills.

e« Product merchandising e« Verbal Communication

« Employee training e Retail sales customer service
« Analyzing sales reports « Money auditing

« Planogram interpretation e« Assessing fraud potential

« Floor set design ¢ Qualifying customers

e  |n-store support e« Account closings

e Visual displays e Inbound customer calls

« Customer Support e Analyzing data

e Customer Service

EVERYDAY BANKING 03/2022 to CURRENT
Total Wine | Pasadena, CA

e Modified, opened and closed customer accounts.

« Completed daily cash balancing and operated ATMs.

e Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

e Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

e Managed escalations with polite service, knowledgeable support and unsurpassed professionalism to
Satisfy needs and protect bank reputation.

e Completed thorough and accurate documentation for money movements, deposits or withdrawals.

MERCHANDISING SPECIALIST AUG2011 to CURRENT
Weis Markets, Inc. | Dundalk, MD

e Created merchandise displays based on planogram.

e Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of store to attract customers and optimize sales.
e Consistently put customers first by handling needs with sense of urgency and compassion.

e Assisted in gathering and moving materials and equipment for assigned displays.

e Monitored stock to maintain sufficient quantity of featured product.

e Returned items to shelves and maintained organized appearance.

e Displayed appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.

e Printed labels and tags for for-sale merchandise.

e Planned product displays to increase sales.

SACES ASSOCIATE NOV2018 to 03/2020
Weis Markets, Inc. | East Stroudsburg, PA

e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and
move overstock items.

e Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

e Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.

e Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.

e Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.

e Met merchandise processing standards and maintained organized and accessible work area.

e Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.

e Mentored team members in mastering sales techniques to consistently exceed objectives.

e Coached team members on security risks and loss prevention to aid in mitigating store theft.

e Processed orders through company system and coordinated product deliveries.

SACES ASSOCIATE 07/2012 to 03/2018
Loft Outlet | City, STATE

e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and
move overstock items.

e Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

¢ Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security
practices.

e Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.

e Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and
customers.

e Offered product and service consultations and employed upselling techniques.

e Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.

e Met merchandise processing standards and maintained organized and accessible work area.

e Acted as initial contact in addressing customer concerns.

e Coordinated activities with other departments to ensure quality customer service.

¢ Trained all new sales employees on effective sales, service and operational strategies to maximize team
performance.

High School Diploma 05/2008
Leeds High School, Leeds, AL