SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am an intelligent honest hard working individual. I'm currently working as a Core Banking Specialist with the
Day to Day team of TD Bank. | work as a Results-oriented, strategic sales professional with almost 4 years in
the Banking industry. | have a strong background with Customer Service and problem solving. | am looking for
my next role with this growing entrepreneurial organization.

e High customer service standards e Attention to Detail

e Conflict resolution proficiency e Sales Experience

e Strong problem solving ability e Trained to operate heavy equipment.
e Troubleshooting skills e Clean driver's license for 20 years

e Service solutions expert e Always maintained safety standards

e Telecommunications knowledge
e Results-oriented

e Client-focused

e Computer proficient

© Worked as a Foreman for 7 years leading a crew of 10 + people

Exceeded corporate target goals for multiple years.

Earned multiple Awards for customer satisfaction working for both LL Bean and TD Bank

Became a member of the 130% production club RsR Forklift driving for Wal-Mart DC 7014. for 3 years
Worked with new hire programs as an trainer and Ambassador

CORE BANKING SPECIALIST 03/2014 to CURRENT
Maximus, Inc. | Rochester, NY

| provide expert tailored advice in all aspects of day to day Banking. | help customers with every interaction by
providing first contact resolution, and maintaining perfect compliance while building lasting relationships.

csn 2010 to 2013
Osram Licht Ag | Plymouth, MN

Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. Demonstrated mastery of
customer service call script within specified timeframes.Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and
accurate fashion.Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product
issues.Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

R&Q DRIVER 2006 to 2009
Bite Squad | Onalaska, WI

Positioned lifting devices under, over, or around loaded pallets, skids, and boxes, and secure material or
products for transport to designated areas

FCREMAN 1999 to 2006
Marcel R Roy Paving & Construction | City, STATE

Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.Educated general contractor
personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.Properly maintained all onsite
equipment and vehicles.Led by example.

DEQIVERY DRIVER 1997 to 01/1999
Pizza Hut | City, STATE

Selected the most efficient routes in compliance with delivery instructions and fuel policy.

GED
Edward Little, Auburn, ME