PALLAVI RAO

Banking Associate

Phone: 9878564481

Emalt; rao.pallavi@gmall.com

Linkedin Profile: Linkedin.conmvin/pallavi-rao
Address: 23/4, Nawab Street, Ahemdabad

Highly analytical and deadline driven banking associate with successful relationship management skills in the ultra high net worth space,
performing due diligence , maximizing revenue potential and handling complex transactions.

MBA » SRM UNIVERSITY, SONEPAT 2019
B.Tech (Computer Science) » IIT, Delhi 2016
Higher Secondary » St. Marys Academy, Dehradun 2012
Senior Secondary + St Marys Academy, Dehradun 2010
Courses * Course in corporate banking from IIM, Lucknow in 2019.

* Online course in investment banking in 2018.

Banking Intern » Yes Bank, New Delhi May 2018 - Aug 2018

Provide dedicated support to a banking manager and assist with management of diverse portfolio.

Assisted with origination and execution of corporate finance transactions.

Worked with managers to assess and analyse customer's risk profile.

Operated network computers and software, and other equipment necessary to handle financial transactions.

Maintained knowledge in the developments in the core product set to explore and refer opportunities,

Assisted in monitoring calling plans to ensure business development id pursued across the client base and that deals are replicated.

Software developer + PWC, Bangalore Jul 2016 - Jul 2017

= Generated backend programming utilising LAMP stack, Linux, Apache and MySQL frameworks.

Designed and implemented PHP web application to streamlining

high server traffic resource configuration and allocation.

Actively involved in business development activities to help identify opportunities on new and existing clients.
Assisted in the management and delivery of large projects.

Business Development | Banking Laws and Regulations | Cash Handling Expertise | Relationship Development |
Reporting and Documentation | Branch Operations

Volunteering * Volunteered for awareness programme on World Health Day in 2018.
* Volunteered for Business Conclave Event at IIM, Lucknow.

Participations * First runner up in Entrepreneurship Competition organised by placement cell of ilM, Bangalore.
* Member of College's Placement cell.

Languages * English

= Hindi