JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Diligent banking professional with unsurpassed attention to detail and superior ethics. Focused on balancing customer needs with bank security
requirements. Knowledgeable about regulatory requisites and protection protocols. Organized and detail-oriented, with cash handling and
customer service experience. Proven expertise in general accounting and finance concepts. Astute professional providing well-rounded

customer service with strong communication skills, sales experience and deep knowledge of banking industry.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Human Resources Management, 12/2019
Florida International University - Miami, FL
e Minor in Psychology
© 3.6 GPA
¢ Relevant courses: Recruiting and Staffing, Behavior Analysis, Internal Relations, Personnel Psychology, Union-Management Relations,
Compensation and Benefits. and Intermediate Accounting.

SKILLS

¢ Bilingual in Spanish e Cash dispenser operation
e Report generation © Debt and credit management
¢ Inbound and Outbound Calling e MS Office proficient
© Office equipment proficiency e International funds transfer process expertise
e Shipping and receiving understanding e Time management
* Process optimization e Excellent communication skills
¢ Product organization « Customer service
* Technologically savvy * Conflict resolution
e Strong sense of banking ethics © Work ethic
« Exceptional customer service

EXPERIENCE

Electronic Banking Specialist, 06/2021 - Current
Arrow Financial Corporation — Schroon Lake, NY
e Tackle troubleshooting and problem resolution to support end-user technical issues while offering every customer exceptional service
levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.
e Reviewed requests for service to resolve IT difficulties, documenting and fielding tickets to improve problem resolution.
e Assisted customers with online billing, access, account issues, and various types of technical issues via email and telephone.
e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information, directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel and
exceeded customer service satisfaction ratings.
¢ Verified amounts and integrity of domestic and international funds transfers.
¢ Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines, proper fulfillment of bank documents, and practices.
¢ Improved efficiency and accuracy by developing and implementing the first ever manual to electronic banking.

Customer Service Staff Member, 06/2016 - Current
Adia — Riverside, IL
e Offer premier customer service and assist customers with questions about departments, products, service problems, and special orders on
the store or by the phone.
e Supervise and operate the front of the store as Front-End Coordinator, solving crises that may arise on the sales floor and directing
associates while making sure they are following protocol.
¢ Coordinate and direct plans with associates and managers from six different departments to leave the store ready for the following business
day.
¢ Establish new signature collecting program with fellow customer service staff and office staff to complete the biweekly time punch audit
paper for all the departments in the store.
e Administer and oversee the implementation of new and yearly training for fellow 35 customer service associates.
e Handled large amounts of cash and balanced the store’s cash, subdepartment vouchers. and other monetary assets daily within balancing
guidelines.
e Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

Service Representative, 05/2019 - 06/2021
Bluecross Blueshield Of South Carolina — Jefferson County, NY
e Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments, issued cashier's checks
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
e Performed basic administrative tasks regarding banking products by handling phone calls, emails, in person inquiries, managing office
supply, invoices, branch mail and files organization.
e Balanced bank's vault, petty cash, new accounts, bank products and other assets of daily and monthly cash withdrawals and deposits.
¢ Completed monthly audits and managed overdraft reports.
e Educated customers on service plans, including upgrades and assessments of customer account information to determine current issues and
potential solutions.
e Kept teller window areas clean, organized and fully stocked as necessary.
e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
e Shared detailed information regarding options to help customers make decisions.
e Leveraged opportunities to upsell company products and services while providing information and discussing options with customers.