SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

An introduction to my background shows a well equipped customer service representative with great communication skills. I am very
efficient with money handling as well from previous cashier and banking employment. I enjoy being empathetic and helping my customers
far pass above and beyond. All of my past job experiences have dealt with customer service industries whether it be fast food or a call center
environment. I am very fluent in all things Microsoft and have a personal like for 10S systems also. I have worked in health care call centers,
data collections, banking and many more varieties of experiences through contracted work from home/hybrid work. Seasoned investment
professional with strong leadership and interpersonal skills. Adds energy and value to organizational quest for excellence. Special talent for
banking and customer first resolution experience.

SKILLS
e Strong sense of banking ethics © Microsoft Office
¢ Excellent communication skills e Customer service
¢ Debt and credit management ¢ Conflict Resolution
« Safe and vault operation ¢ Computer skills
¢ Currency and coin counter ¢ Problem resolution
e Risk management evaluation background * Process Monitoring
e MS Office proficient e Account Services
¢ International finance knowledge e Data Entry
e Exceptional customer service e Customer Service
« Account coding specialist e Information Processing

¢ Reliable and trustworthy

EXPERIENCE

10/2020 to 01/2023 Electronic Banking Specialist

Cadence Bank — Martinez, GA

e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information, directed specific questions to appropriate branch
personnel and exceeded customer service satisfaction ratings.

¢ Maintained confidentiality of banking records and client information to avoid possible data breaches.

e Recommended key updates to system software based on performance data, user feedback and integrated software
enhancements.

e Examined checks for identification and endorsement.

e Fulfilled diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish ATMs,
maintain accounts and open new accounts.

e Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

® Managed customer referrals to help financial services team members capitalize on sales changes.

e Acquired and maintained knowledge of emerging technologies for customer virtual interactions.

e Processed 25 cash withdrawals per shift with high-level accuracy.

e Exceeded customer service satisfaction ratings by 94% by providing prompt answers to specific questions.

¢ Used customer information to tailor recommendations to promote or sell travelers’ checks, savings bonds and
cashier's checks.

e Received mortgage and other loan payments, verifying payment dates and amounts due.

e Performed special services for customers, ordering bank cards and checks.

¢ Composed, typed and mailed statements and correspondence related to discrepancies and outstanding unpaid debts.

12/2016 to 10/2020 Customer Service Representative

Hartung Glass — Renton, WA

« De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.

« Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.

e Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.

e Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.

© Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

e Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing
solutions.

e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.

e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.

¢ Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.

e Built client rapport while accurately processing repair documentation and troubleshooting technical discrepancies
through completion.

e Escalated customer concerns, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.

e Remained constantly aware of customer activity to ensure safe and secure shopping environment.

e Secured client retention by driving service and product benefits, features and recommendations around clients'
needs.

e Answered 70-100+ inbound calls per day and directed to individuals or departments.

e Trained new employees on procedures and policies to maximize team performance.

e Worked with supervisor to develop customer service improvement initiatives.

¢ Created and implemented process improvements to reduce workloads and bolster callback efficiency.

05/2014 to 05/2016 Crew Member

College Hunks Hauling Junk And Moving — Germantown, WI

e Wiped down tables and equipment, swept and refilled stock.

e Kept restaurant lobby, front counter, drive-thru, kitchen and restrooms neat and clean throughout shift.

e Packed fast food products in approved containers, cups and bags.

e Entered orders into computer system to send order details to kitchen, mentioning customers’ special requests and
food allergies in person.

e Prepared quality products while maintaining portion control and presentation within service goal times.

e Drove team success by completing assigned task quickly and accurately.

¢ Demonstrated proper food safety practices by accurately completing quality control checklist.

© Upheld high standards of productivity and quality in operations.

e Restocked supplies, removed trash and cleaned areas.

e Answered customer questions and took orders.

e Verified orders and bagged items for easy transport.

© Maintained order of customer and crew member work areas.

03/2014 to 05/2015 Cashier

Westgate Resorts — Cosby, TN

© Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.

e Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.

¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.

© Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
e Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.

¢ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.

e Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
e Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.

¢ Helped with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.

¢ Inspected items for damage and obtained replacements for customers.

© Verified customer identification for alcohol or tobacco purchases.

e Answered customer quests, provided store information and escorted to desired store areas.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2021

05/2016

05/2015

Associate of Arts: Allied Health Career Pathway
Pearl River Community College - Poplarville, MS

High School Diploma
West Marion High School - Foxworth, MS

Vocational Certification: Allied Health And Information Technology
Carl Loftin Career Technical - Columbia

Associate of Arts: General Studies
Southwest Mississippi Community College - Summit, MS