SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Organized and detail-oriented banker/teller with 5 years of cash handling and customer service experience. Proven expertise in general
accounting and finance concepts. Astute Teller adept at providing well-rounded customer service with strong communication skills, sales
experience and deep knowledge of banking industry.

SKILLS
« Risk management evaluation background ¢ Documentation skills
e Strong sense of banking ethics e Issue and conflict resolution
e Currency and coin counter e Superior computer skills
e Excellent communication skills ¢ Customer Service
e Safe and vault operation © Focused on customer satisfaction
« Exceptional customer service e ATM troubleshooting, analysis, and maintenance
e Supervision © Safe food handling
¢ Debt and credit management ® Quality control
e Call center experience e Trained in icing techniques

* Critical thinking

e Supervisory experience

e Friendly, positive attitude © Proficient in cake decorating

e Data management

EXPERIENCE

11/2020 to Current

© Sanitation

24-Hour Banking Contact Center Personal Banker
C&F Bank — Cumberland, VA

e Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.

e Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.

¢ Helped customers open and close accounts, apply for loans and make sound financial decisions.

e Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information misuse.

e Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training classes and
workshops offered to employees.

¢ Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

e Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines and practices.

¢ Served approximately over 100 customers each shift, remaining composed and professional even in high-stress
situations.

06/2016 to 11/2020 Teller

Winco Foods — Independence, OR

¢ Maintained optimal financial controls by securing funds and making accurate transactions.

e Reported daily averages and shortages to operations department.

e Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures.

e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

e Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed.

e Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training classes and
workshops offered to employees.

¢ Warmly welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction, which improved satisfaction
ratings.

¢ Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.

* Conducted special service and account transactions for customers, including ordering checks and placing stop
payment orders.

¢ Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.

e Received regional branch recognition award for outstanding customer service.

e Managed opening and closing times for main branch.

e Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

e Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

¢ Maintained accurate teller drawer using to handle all customer bank transactions.

e Processed cash withdrawals.

e Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information misuse.

e Examined checks for identification and endorsement.

e Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.

e Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with zero error rate.

e Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.

© Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.

e Recommended additional products, services and benefits for customers.

e Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines and practices.

e Fulfilled diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish ATMs,
maintain accounts and open new accounts.

03/2008 to 04/2016 Bakery Department Manager

Walmart — City, STATE

e Checked freshness of all bakery goods and food in bakery, removing and disposing of stale or outdated items.

¢ Decorated cakes and pastries, baked breads, tarts and pies and created specialty desserts.

e Minimized cross-contamination and infection risks by consistently following safe food handling procedures.

¢ Implemented and executed merchandising programs to maintain and increase sales.

e Scheduled employees to keep all bakery shifts well-staffed for peak times and holidays.

e Ordered merchandise with accuracy by verifying back stock and maintaining inventories.

¢ Displayed freshly baked items, including cupcakes, cookies and cinnamon rolls on counters and tables to entice
passersby to visit and make purchases at bakery.

¢ Maintained detailed and accurate accounting records by overseeing documentation of sales, purchases and
requisitions.

¢ Taught junior employees how to meet operational and sales goals with proactive strategies.

e Conducted department walkthroughs to assess and remedy factors such as cleanliness, inadequate stock levels and
poor merchandising.

e Organized and updated schedules to optimize coverage for expected customer demands.

e Streamlined operations and improved employee focus and productivity by prioritizing tasks prior to start of each
shift.

e Responded to customer inquiries and delivered appropriate information after carefully researching issues.

e Supervised successful, well-supplied and highly organized establishment thanks to consistent oversight and regular
cleanliness inspections.

© Collaborated with all company departments to ensure cohesive branding and strategic product placement.

e Researched out-of-stock items to find additional inventory in other store locations.

e Worked one-on-one with employees to motivate while delivering constructive criticism in busy, retail environment.

e Hired, trained, supervised and motivated team of [Number] retail professionals to provide knowledgeable and fast
service to every guest.

e Increased sales on consistent basis by developing and maintaining key customer relationships.

e Reviewed sales reports to enhance sales performance and improve inventory management accuracy.

e Conducted job interviews, led employee performance evaluations with constructive feedback and rewarded top
sales performers to attract and retain top-quality personnel.

e Increased sales on consistent basis by developing key customer relationships.

e Oversaw entire stock management process, including receiving incoming merchandise, shelf replenishment and
shrinkage control.

e Reviewed inventory and sales records, tracked trends and reported on activities to senior management for use in
key decision making.

¢ Mentored employees and instructed on management of complicated sales, complex issues and difficult customers.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Practical Nursing

Mingo County Vocational-Technical Center - Delbarton, WV

06/2007

06/2007

CNA License : Nursing
Mingo County Vocational-Technical Center - Delbarton, WV

High School Diploma
Matewan High School - Matewan, WV