SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Resourceful and meticulous professional with experience successfully supporting business operations.
Knowledgeable about banking industry practices, regulations, and office management protocols. Stellar
interpersonal and operations oversight skills. Well-developed communicator with outstanding skills in complex
problem-solving and conflict resolution. Highly organized, flexible, forward-thinking, and responsive to
changing demands. Talented in multitasking, using superior time management and problem-resolution skills.
Experience with working in varied team dynamics; including virtual, cross-functional, and self-managed
collaborations.

e Articulate and well-spoken e Proper phone etiquette

« Customer service oriented e« Excellent communication skills

« Banking industry rules, policies and regulatory e Exceptional time management skills
compliance e Strong interpersonal and problem solving skills

« Detail-oriented e Cash handling, wire transfers and loan

« Risk management applications

e« Research and organization skills e« Customer relationship building

« Performance monitoring and evaluation e Record keeping and reporting

e Proposals and presentations e« Data Analysis

e Project and vendor oversight

© ASSISTANT VICE-PRESIDENT OF RETAIL BANKING 05/2011 to 07/2021

Conduent Incorporated | Covington, KY

e Supervised, coached, and trained team of branch banking employees.

e Managed external contacts and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority actions.
Managed daily financial tasks such as invoices, reports regional management requests.

¢ Verified operation of office equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements and calling
for repairs.

e Supported auditors during review process with clerical support.

e Tackled and addressed top-level, high-priority issues with professional administrative discretion.

e Oversaw and implemented branch and banking policies and procedures.

e Crafted proposals and memos using desktop publishing and word processing software.

e Engaged in customer retention practices by providing customers with personal touch resolutions, that
resulted in efficient, effective and beneficial outcomes to customer complaints, while functioning within
bank regulations, and guidelines.

e Reviewed and approved work orders. invoices and related branch operation activities. Functioned as
liaison in vendor-client disputes, inquiries, and resolution.

e Worked with regulatory representatives to complete accurate filings and maintain compliance (CTR/
SAR/monetary instruments reporting).

e Processed bank transactions: new account opening & maintenance, deposits. transfers, withdrawals-
approval limit up to 500K, wire transfers, research requests, verification of deposit requests, reviewed
special customer requests and exceptions.

e Reviewed bank activity reports daily for branch items requiring corrective action ( customer
transactions, bank employee maintenance, and account operational and risk reports).

e Completed daily quality control review of electronic imaged customer account files for accuracy, and
compliance based on bank regulations.

e Oversaw office renovations, and repairs with oversight from corporate office/regional manager.

e Managed corporate-level assigned projects by overseeing, documenting, compiling and tracking project
milestones and deadlines.

e Accomplished weekly analysis of system generated reports on customers with aggregate balances
between $500K- $1M to assess level of risk to bank based on Beal Bank & Beal Bank USA regulations.
Completed quality control measures to ensure account balances are not in excess of specified limits.

e Reviewed daily report used to track potential check kiting risks to help mitigate bank loss.

e Tracked and assessed validity of daily transactions above $2500.00 posted to bank subsidiaries. Used
existing banking reports and tools, along with customer records to analyze legitimacy of item presented
for payment.

e Participated in community outreach programs providing financial education to low-moderate income
residents by serving as financial consultant and financial literacy educator.

ASOISTANT BRANCH MANAGER’ FINANCIAL SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE, 07/2004 to 05/2011
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Mid-Atlantic Federal Credit Union | City, STATE

e Displayed keen attention to detail in assessing short and long-term customer product needs.

e Established and maintained customer accounts.

e Cultivated impactful relationships with customers and drove business development by delivering expert
product knowledge.

e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup
assistance.

e Assessed customer needs and upsold products and services to maximize sales.

e Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.

e Met and exceeded monthly goals for establishing new accounts, consumer loans and investment
referrals.

e Conducted new hire training of customer and financial service representatives on credit union
procedures and policies.

e Observed and reported employee-customer interaction/sales performance on a weekly basis.

e Developed and implemented action plans based on branch sales goals.

¢ _ Diligently maintained branch operations related to auditing cash/negotiable items, implementation of
policy changes, reporting of currency transactions, and cash management duties.

e Excelled in effective inter-departmental communication and cross-functional team environment.

e Maintained detailed and accurate accounting records by overseeing documentation of sales, purchases
and requisitions of monetary instruments.

e Collaborated with branch manager to develop customer service improvement initiatives.

e Upheld privacy and security requirements established by US regulatory agencies.

e De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 05/2002 to 07/2004
Chevy Chase Bank, Capital One | City, STATE

e« Processed account transactions (deposits, withdrawals, transfers) accurately and efficiently.

e Fulfilled business account requests, including check and cash orders, and deposit verification and
account research.

« Completed daily settlement of ATM deposits/cash machines and replenishment of funds.

« Recommended and referred additional products and services to customers.

e« Accomplished company-wide monthly knowledge-based examinations.

« Remained constantly aware of customer activity to ensure safe and secure banking environment.

« Escalated customer concerns, and special requests branch supervisors.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and successfully recommended appropriate
banking products.

MBA 2015
University of Phoenix, Arlington, VA

Ba-helor of Science | Business Administration/ Human Resource Management 2070
University of Maryland University College, Adelphi, MD

As ociate of Arts 2006
Montgomery College, Takoma Park, MD