JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Skilled at helping customers and business accounts to meet financial needs by developing customized product and service solutions. Well-
versed in solving routine and complex financial problems. Great communication, multitasking and conflict resolution skills. Motivated
banking professional possessing strong commitment to quality customer service coupled with superb communication skills. Builds customer
loyalty by effectively resolving problems and quickly processing transactions. Over 1 year of progressive experience in retail banking.
Familiar with diverse banking and investment products, including deposit accounts and loans. Competent in setting up services, transferring
funds and helping with complex transactions. Positive and upbeat with strong communication and problem-solving abilities.

SKILLS
¢ Legal standards © Sales expertise
e Educating clients e Banking Experience
e ATM balancing ¢ Cheerful
¢ Self-motivated nature ¢ Positive
¢ Teller experience e Client Service
¢ Cash Handling * Relationship building
« Account servicing e Excellent people skills
« Exceptional Customer Service ¢ Problem-solving skills
Work History

08/2019 to 10/2020 Personal Banking Associate
Sterling National Bank — Paramus, NJ

¢ Promoted products or services to each customer to consistently achieve sales targets.

e Balanced teller drawers and ATM cash.

e Managed escalated phone calls by applying conflict resolutions skills and extensive knowledge of bank policies,
products and services.

e Provided high-level customer service through friendly approach, strong professionalism and timely assistance with
customer transactions.

¢ Performed customer transactions for money orders, cashiers checks, deposits and withdrawals.

e Sold cashier's checks, traveler's checks and money orders.

¢ Rapidly and efficiently prepared customer and ATM cash and change orders.

¢ Completed highly accurate, high-volume money counts via both manual and machine-driven approaches.

Completed special procedures for customers such as ordering new checks, stopping payments or investigating
identity theft.

e Maintained teller drawer to perform bank transactions.

e Willing to drive to other branches and assist them there for certain day or week.

12/2017 to 07/2019 Sales Associate
Farfetch — Los Angeles, CA

© Delivered high level of assistance by locating products and checking store system for merchandise at other sites.

e Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

¢ Worked alongside retail representatives to boost sales by enhancing product presentations and advertising
collateral.

e Analyzed and properly processed product returns, assisting customers with finding alternative merchandise to meet
needs.

e Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.

e Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.

¢ Maintained organized, presentable merchandise to drive continuous sales.

¢ Collaborated with clients to maintain relationships and provide customers with thorough support and guidance.

e Requested official identification for store purchases and verified details, consistently meeting strict legal standards.

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty, satisfaction and
sales numbers.

e Assisted customers by answering questions and fulfilling requests.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.

e Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales.

e Used cash registers and POS systems to request and record customer orders and compute bills.

08/2016 to 02/2018 Sports Marketing Intern
Farfetch — Chicago, IL

Monitored social media platforms to discover feedback, ideas and trending news.

¢ Compiled game summaries by reporting scores, inputting team schedules and updating team and individual
statistics.

¢ Collaborated with team members to help expand marketing channels.

© Organized and helped prepare materials for onsite and offsite events.

e Performed comprehensive competitor analysis on key rivals to give fans and spectators deeper understanding of
each individual's performance.

© Photographed high-quality images for various print and digital projects.

e Conserved footage archive by organizing, labeling and tagging with metadata.

10/2015 to 12/2017 Sales Associate
Old Navy — City, STATE

¢ Delivered high level of assistance by locating products and checking store system for merchandise at other sites.

e Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

¢ Worked alongside retail representatives to boost sales by enhancing product presentations and advertising
collateral.

e Analyzed and properly processed product returns, assisting customers with finding alternative merchandise to meet
needs.

e Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales.

e Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.

e Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.

e Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.

e Maintained organized, presentable merchandise to drive continuous sales.

¢ Collaborated with clients to maintain relationships and provide customers with thorough support and guidance.

e Maintained records related to sales. returns and inventory availability.

e Answered customer questions regarding sizing and accessories and explained how to properly care for
merchandise.

¢ Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty, satisfaction and
sales numbers.

e Assisted customers by answering questions and fulfilling requests.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.

e Assisted customers with special services, account updates and promotional options.

© Met and exceeded upsell goals by highlighting target merchandise with strategic promotional approaches.

e Checked prices for customers and processed items sold by scanning barcodes.

EpucaATION
2023 Business

Miami Dade College - Miami, FL
05/2015 High School Diploma

Greater Miami Academy - Miami, FL
CERTIFICATIONS

© Took classes for Real Estate Sale Associate at Gold Coast Schools
e Took classes on Life Insurance at Primerica