AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Teller Transactions
Customer Service
Loan repayments
Cash handling
Cash management

Data entry

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker
First Alder

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard warking

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Bank Teller

PERSONAL SUMMARY

Maxine is professional in appearance as well as speech, both traits which help ber to
maximise profitable relationships with bank customers. She has a long history of
providing customers with a personalized relationship-driven service by displaying a
friendly and positive anitude with them when dealing with their banking needs, In
addition to this she is an expert at handling financial transactions and is someone who
can make on-the-spot decisions regarding customer transactions. Right now, she would
like to work for a company that is searching for proven people who have a lot of future
potential.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location
BANK TELLER Jun 2013 — Present

Responsible for the handling, processing & servicing of a customer's banking transactions
in a prompt, efficient, and accurate manner.

Duties:

« Greeting customers when they come to the till, enquiring about their banking needs.
* Processing customer deposits, withdrawals, and payments in a professional manner.
* Tactfully recommending bank products that meet a customer's precise needs

© Checking cheques and making sure they have been correctly written out and dated.
© Shredding confidential documents that are no longer needed and must be destroyed.
* Checking and verifying the identification of customers who ask for banking services.
* Answering basic customer questions regarding imerest rates and the banks services.
« Transferring large and small funds from one customers account to another.

* Addressing bank customers by their name, along with a smile and direct eye contact
* Opening new accounts for customers by helping them to fill in the right forms.

« Completing all given tasks on time to legal requirements and negotiated deadlines,

Company name - Location JOB TITLE Dates (Le. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)
Company name - Location JOB TITLE Dates (Le. Aug 2021 —Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

« Identifying damaged, mutilated, altered & counterfeit money that is not legal tender,
« Adhering to all of the bank's strict security, audit, and compliance requirements.

* Reporting any suspicious customer activity to hank managers & relevant colleagues.
* Can quickly become familiar with all of a bank's products and services.

© Can communicate effectively and professionally with members of the public.

* Able to speak In a relaxed and sociable manner to customers from all walks of life.