JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Customer Service Representative who provides exceptional customer service through active listening and problem solving. I have
worked in customer services for the past 10 yrs, Maintaining a level of great customer services.

SKILLS
e Skilled in call center operations © Goal-oriented
e Customer service award © Positive and friendly
« Exceptional communication skills ¢ People-oriented
* Quick learner e Exceptional time management skills
¢ Multi-line phone talent e Strong interpersonal skills
e Team building expertise
Work History

04/2015 to Current Internet Banking
Old Dominion Freight Line Inc — Tolleson
e Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
e Experienced in assisting customer with issues with online banking.
e Filling cases to correct customer online issues.
e Servicing customer with bill pay issues and lost payments.
e placing stop payments for lost or stolen checks.
e Assisting non online banking rep with online issues.
¢ Resolving issues with branch.
e Working with are online ops to reactivate deactivated customer logins due to fraud.
© Meeting a monthly scorecard of a sales goal which fluctuates to the banks needs.
e Assisting manager with task to motivate the team in are monthly team sales goal.

2014 to 04/2015 Customer Service Banker
Portland General Electric Company — City
e Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
e Assisted customer with setting payment arrangements.
e Handling high call volume when customer experienced power outages.
e Assisting customer with address moves or changes to services.
e Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.
e Improved call center functionality and service capacity by resolving customer complaints efficiently and quickly.
© Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.
e Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.
e Acted professionally and patiently when addressing negative customer feedback.
e Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.

01/2010 to 11/2014 Customer service
Affiliated Computer Services — City
e Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
e Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.
e Resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions.
¢ Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientéle.
¢ Routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing.
e Asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs.
e Built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions.

EpucaTIoNn
2005 High School Diploma

Grant High Schoool - Portland Oregon
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Several Months of being a top performer and assisting the few managers I have had with manager duties.