JOHN DOE

123 Main Street, City, State, 00000 + Cell: (123) 456 7890 + Email: john. doe@email.com

Targeting Roles In:
FINANCE | BANKING | BUSINESS

A self-directed and motivated individual eager to leverage experience in a role in the financial or business sectors.
Offering an extensive academic background in economics. Exhibits a proven record for recognizing inefficiencies and
developing and orchestrating effective processes to foster best practices, Cultivates, manages, and influences client
relationships in high-pressure climates, Acquired Securities Association Certificate issued by Association Name
(2011). Fluency in English, Mandarin, and Cantonese.

Core Competencies & Areas of Proven Performance:

« User Acceptance Testing Client Relationship-Building * Matlab

+ Data Mapping ¢ Team Leadership & Motivation « Eviews

+ Finencial Forecasting * Training and Development © SPSS

* Strong Work Ethic * Proactive Communications ° STATA

+ Budget Control & Management ¢ Judgement and Decision-Making * MS Office

« Excellent Research & Analytical Skills» Data Processing and Statistical Software * Bloomberg Machine

0 020” ne
FORMAL EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Economics 2012
University Name, City, State

» Coursework: Econometrics| Advanced Micro/Macro Economics| Asset Pricing {Industrial Organization

2» Paper: “Examining the Relationship between the Return of Gold and Stock Market Performance"

Honour B.A, in Economics 2009
University Name, City, State ON

Selected achievements: 3.8/4.0 GPA, Graduated with Distinction, Ranked as one of the top three grade point averages
among international students, Dean’s Honour List 2007 and 2008

Bachelor of Economics 2009
University Name, City, State
Selected achievements: 4.0/4.0 GPA, Scholarship for Excellent Students 2005 and 2006, Ranked as first in the program

RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Administrator Sep. 2009 - Jun. 2012

Company Nome, City, State

China's largest Economie Forum

» Collaborated with a team to design and onganize statistical software training courses.

» Interpreted and translated news from English to Chinese for the largest economics forum in China (www,websitecom).

» Served as chief editor and journalist for Company Name, featuring news on current financial, economic and business
issues. In charge of layout, design, publishing and fundraising.

Financial Analyst Apr. 2011 - jan. 2012

Company Name, City, State

» Prepared monthly and quarterly investment forecasts and made necessary recommendations regarding changes in the stock
pool to exceed performance objectives.

» Analyzed and evaluated the Gold Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) market for investment purposes.