EXECUTIVE PROFILE

SUMMARY OF
QUALIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Accomplished, results driven accounting, financial management and credit executive with more than 30 years

of progressive experience in Financial Services. Demonstrated ability to streamline business operations that
drive growth and increase efficiency in generating bottom-line profitability. Possesses solid leadership,
communication and interpersonal skills to establish rapport with all levels of staff and management.

e Accounting and Financial Management e Strategic Planning and Analysis
e Mergers and Acquisitions e Budgeting and Performance Measurement
e Audit and Compliance e Financial Analysis and Reporting
e Board Reporting « Commercial Loan Analysis and Approval
o
MANAGER - CORRESPONDENT BANKING SERVICES 02/2002 to CURRENT

Albireo Energy | Denver, CO

Manage and approve, on a bank-wide basis, the credit worthiness of financial institutions with regards to all
credit facilities, fed funds accommodations, bank stock loans, loan participations, mortgage warehouse
lending and fed settlement transactions. Manage all underwriting on a $400 million portfolio of bank related
credit facilities and $4 billion in fed funds accommodations.

Notable Achievements:
¢ Co-Developed a statistical based bank scoring model that has been 95% accurate on identifying failed
institutions.

e Developed a bank cash flow model that is utilized for all bank holding company credit facilities.
e Developed a "Deep Dive" analysis utilized to pinpoint lending prospects.
« Developed a FAS 114 (ASC 310) model utilized for the valuation of a $400 million portfolio of troubled
assets.
Other positions held:
e FTN Financial - (2002-2009) - Manager, Strategic Resources Group. Primarily responsible for all
aspects of new business development.

CCRPORATE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGER 09/1996 to 02/2002
Whitney Penn Lip | Fort Worth, TX

Directed all audit, compliance and loan review areas of a $36 billion asset, publicly traded multi-bank holding
company and related subsidiaries. Reported to the audit committee of the Board of Directors. Worked closely
with executive management and was the chief liaison with the Federal Reserve and Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency. One of three executives permanently retained by Union Planters Corporation (UPC)
subsequent to the acquisition of Leader Financial Corporation. Other positions at UPC included the following:

e Manager of Mergers and Acquisitions.

e Controller for all second tier holding companies and subsidiaries.
Notable Achievements:

e Developed enterprise wide audit strategy and related audit programs.

e Managed accounting integration and due diligence for 18 bank acquisitions.

e Spearheaded consolidation of second-tier holding companies and related bank subsidiaries.

CORPORATE CONTROLLER 10/1989 to 09/1996
Leader Financial Corporation | City, STATE

Top financial position reporting the the Chief Financial Officer of a $3.5 billion asset thrift. Provided financial
leadership to a department of 25 individuals overseeing general accounting, financial reporting, reconciliation
and budgeting.
Notable Achievements:

e Converted from a mutual to public thrift with a successful stock offering in 1993

e Implemented all SEC reporting requirements and tracking.

e Automated monthly financial reporting package.

e Automated regulatory reporting.

e ey role in sale to Union Planters Corporation in October, 1996.

ALOIT MANAGER 06/1983 to 10/1989
KPMG Peat Marwick | City, STATE

Directed and participated in numerous financial audits of financial institutions of various sizes-
e Recognized as a Statistical Audit Specialist providing assurance and verification of auditing sample
sizes to ensure statistically valid results.
e« Selected to be a National Instructor in accounting and reporting standards for financial services firms.

Bachelor of Accountancy, University of Mississippi. University, MS
Certified Public Accountant, Tennessee
Security License - Series 7 and Series 63