JAMES SULLIVAN
669 Gillvrey Road ¢ Raleigh, North Carolina 83370 © (928) 577-1299
sullivan#icomcast.net

PRIVATE BANKING ... COMMERCIAL LENDING ... MANAGEMENT

Consistent achievements as a top producer — increasing revenues, portfolios and profits through expertise
in business development, relationship building, exceptional service follow up, Strategic planning, sales
and marketing experience combine with qualifications in staff development, coaching and management
to drive and deliver performance results. Licenses: NASD Series 7 and 63.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
FIRSTBANK, New York, New York (1999-present)

Vice President, Business Development Officer, Private Clients Group (200-present)
Private Banker (1999-2000)

Cultivate and manage new and existing client relationships of high-net-worth individuals and their

related businesses, Develop sales plan for each relationship to provide an array of services:

investment management, estate planning, credit and personal banking, products. Continually expand

referral network through contact with various internal business partners and external financial

intermediaries, Coordinate events/ seminars for new business development,

Results

+ Successful track record of fee generation through sale of investment manayement accounts,
surpassing industry benchmark for the market: 56 million in 2000 to $18 million in 2004.

+ Selected based on product expertise and sales results to train business development officers of
newly acquired organization in private equity Investment products,

+ Recognized for top sales performance in 1999, generating over 54 million in fees.

BANK OF NEW YORK, New York, New York (1989-1996)

Fast-track advancement through progressively responsible positions in Private Banking, FirstBank acquired
Bank of New York in 1995,

Vice President and Unit Manager, Private Banking Group (1993-1996)

Promoted to provide manapement direction to 2 business units with combined portfolios of $425
million in deposits, loans and assets under management, Designed and executed successful
relationship banking marketing plan for the sale of credit, trust (investment management and estate
planning) and transaction products/ services. Developed, coached and supervised team of 8
relationship manapers and administrative assistants.

Results

¢ Evaluated and improved quality of the portfolios at both offices; credited for consistently
maintaining the highest quality portfolios, which included managing highly sensitive corporate
relationships.

¢ Achieved revenue and customer retention goals while increasing client profitability through
relationship building, outstanding service delivery, cross selling and referral development.

+ Contributed $1.5 million annually in fees through referral business to various banking divisions
within the company.

contintwed. ..