SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Resourceful individual willing to provide the attention and education customers need to ensure a positive financial experience. Relationship
Manager knowledgeable in explaining tools clients need to build wealth management portfolios. Understanding that each client that walks in
the financial center is there for help. I am patient and kind. I am willing to work hard to satisfy even the most complicated request from
clients. I am sufficient with meeting deadlines and 1 always get my job done with no risk and by the book. I am very versatile and adaptive.

SKILLS
e Value Selling * Sales Reporting
¢ Solution Management e Time Management
¢ Relationship Review Process e Critical Thinking
« Issue Resolution e Wealth Management Portfolios
¢ Customer Education and Consulting e Financial Statement Review
« Requirements Determination e Performance Evaluation and Monitoring
¢ Product Recommendations ¢ Management Team Building
e Referral Screening e Team Leadership
« New Business Development © Operational Reporting
e Customer Service ® Operations Oversight
e Effective Customer Communication e Creative and Innovative
« Account Management e Goal Setting

e Service Assistance
© Portfolio Growth

® Sales Support
e Service Oriented

¢ Relationship Building ¢ Cost Reduction
« Excellent Communication e Focus and Follow-Through
¢ Overcoming Objections e Willing to Learn
¢ Customer Relationships © Proactive and Focused
¢ Client Acquisition
EXPERIENCE
05/2021 to Current Relationship Manager, Banking Operations

Geisinger — Cumbola, PA

e Advised customers on bank products, services and financial planning options.

© Opened, changed and closed customer accounts.

¢ Completed thorough and accurate documentation for money movements, deposits or withdrawals.

e Adhered to bank and legal guidelines for reporting, loan approvals and money handling.

© Developed culture of success rewarding performance, productivity and sales results.

* Reduced bank losses by setting successful risk management policies.

e Improved decision-making by using current data on market conditions and individual financial situations.

¢ Developed and maintained relationships with customers and assisted in generating sales opportunities.

e Created and maintained large client base by meeting needs and delivering exceptional customer service.

e Explained benefits of various investment options to help customers fulfill personal investment goals.

e Processed and approved international and domestic wire transfers, cashed checks and posted deposits and
withdrawals.

* Completed month-end and year-end closings, kept records audit-ready and monitored timely recording of
accounting transactions.

e Maintained current and accurate cash balances for all programs, departments and projects.

09/2018 to 10/2020 Patient Access Representative

Southern Maine Medical Center — City, STATE

e Applied HIPAA privacy and security regulations while handling patient information.

e Verified demographics and insurance information to register patients in computer system.

e Organized and maintained records by updating and obtaining both personal and financial information from patients.

e Obtained necessary signatures for privacy laws and consent for treatment.

e Assembled registration paperwork and placed identification bands on patient.

e Applied knowledge of payer requirements and utilized on-line eligibility systems to verify patient coverage and
policy limitations.

e Processed patient responsibility estimate determined by insurance at pre-registration.

© Updated reference materials with Medicare, Medicaid and third-party payer requirements, guidelines, policies and
list of accepted insurance plans.

¢ Communicated financial obligations to patients and collected fees at time of service.

e Submitted fees and claims to insurance companies manually or digitally.

e Responded to patient concerns and inquiries professionally and efficiently.

¢ Called insurance companies and verified patient coverage.

e Obtained health, financial and religious information from patients at time of admission.

¢ Interviewed patients upon entrance to hospital, gathered appropriate information and entered data into electronic
system.

e Educated patients and caregivers in the use of at-home healthcare equipment.

© Helped patients obtain health care services by setting up referrals.

e Explained policies, procedures and services to patients.

e Addressed patients’ complaints-head on, investigated concerns and worked with medical staff to devise solutions.

e Facilitated communication between patients, medical and administrative staff, administrative staff and regulatory
agencies.

08/2013 to 01/2016 Office Administrator Coordinator

Davids Tavern — City, STATE

e Interacted professionally with customers and inside personnel, answering questions and responding to phone and
email inquiries.

e Maintained company accounting records by entering accounts payable, accounts receivable, invoices and expense
reimbursements.

e Replenished office supplies, placing new orders for restocking to maintain inventory.

e Reviewed documents and obtained additional information to complete accurate paperwork and avoid delays.

e Processed financial documents, contracts, expense reports and invoices.

e Automated office operations by managing client correspondence, records, contracts and data communications.

e Coordinated schedules, administrative functions, quality assurance and process improvements to bolster operational
output.

e Completed benefits paperwork, processed employee incident reports and performed data entry tasks to maximize
team productivity.

¢ Handled requests-for-information and delegated customer service tasks to appropriate employees.

e Tracked project performance data to generate reports and keep management informed of important trends.

¢ Developed long-term budgets to assess office expenditures and perform inventory management.

e Liaised with customers, addressed inquiries, handled meeting requests and answer billing questions to provide
outstanding customer care.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2008

High School Diploma
Newburyport High School - Newburyport, MA

Honor Roll Senior Year
e Student Athlete
e Over 100 Hours volunteered