Private Client Banker/Officer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Experienced financial operations professional with extensive communication skills. Over 8+ years
in banking, Investments, and financial services. Consistent leader In performance managernent.

Sales Banking Investments Mutual Funds Fixed Annuities.

Work Experience

Private Client Banker/Officer
JP Morgan Chase - May 2015 - 2020

Responsible for $2.0 million USD portfolio in investments and deposit balances.
Appointmented AXA, Nationwide, TransAmerica, John Hancock.

Extensived industry knowledge in checking Samp; savings accounts, home mortgages,
Investment banking, and credit origination and servicing,

Reporting for clients and account analysis using various reporting tools.

Licensed to sell rnutual funds, variable and fixed annuities,

Bullded and maintained strorig relationships with new and existing clients,

Adhered to all banking and FINRA regulations and provided an excellent customer experience,

Private Client Banker
Delta Corporation - 2014 - 2015

.

Responsible for developing and managing relatianships with high net-worth clients for the
retall and private banks services and solutions.

Previously spearheaded the growth of deposits and Investments for new-bulld branches In
Flower Mound and Tampa, FL.

Qualified for 2012 National Sales Conference and The National Achiever Award,

Series 6, 63 Licerised Work Exclusively with High Net Worth Clients Small Business Specialist
Responsible for Handling a Book of Over 150 Versedin ,

Work with High Net-worth cllents with assets over [] for Chase Private Client Proven
experience in establishing and maintaining long lasting .

Hired as 1st Private Client Banker in Beverly Hills to open and market Chase Private Client a
companywide initiative offering wealth management ,

Manage banking relationships through advice-based approach, ensuring clients get the best
products and services for their needs,

Education
Bachelors of Arts - 2003(The Ohio State University - Colurnbus, OH)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines