i Offi Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Banking cer Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Established Banking Officer with over 25 years of commercial banking experience with Chase and
predecessor banks. Demonstrated ability to evaluate financial performance and provide strategic
consultative advice to clients.

Skills

Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel, Administration, Financial Management, Relationship
Management,

Work Experience

Banking Officer
ABC Corporation - june 1981 - May 1996

» Assisted with the management of corporate clients and ensuring that high standards in
service delivery were maintained.

» Constant evaluation of service quality for recormmendations for service quality Improvement.

* Prospected for corporate customers in the acquisition of a new business.

» Authorized payment of checks and other financial instruments,

* Assisted Branch Managers in matters relating to credit, including the forrnulation of credit
applications for Head Office consideration,

* Implemented recovery strategies for all outstandinalpast due) debts.

* Initially hired as an entry-level teller; promoted due to accuracy, speed, and skills,

Banking Officer
Rekaiteyeaeciens: 1979 - 1981

Promoted to Banking Officer and assumed first responsibilities as a commercial banker in the

Eneray Banking Group.
* Successfully racnaed through a significant ownership transition from MBank Texas (via

temporary FDIC receivership) ta Bank One, Texas.

* Accounts payable and receivable, Heavy Cash Handling.

» Opened New Accounts, Processed Real Estate, Auto Personal Loans, ACH Transfers, Processed
Daily and End of Month Reports.

* Made Dally Bank Deposits,

* Portfolio Credit Manager (Autornotive Floor Plan Division) Buffalo, NY Manage a portfolio of 28

Automotive Floor Plan Custorners totaling $900MM (Tier ,
* Surpassed Individual baseline sales goals on & quarterly basis while giving exernplary
customer service,

Education

Diplorna in Banking and Finance - (Chartered Institute of Bankers)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines