SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS ©

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘*2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hands-on, client-oriented banking professional who implements creative investment strategies and is
dedicated to continuous improvement.

Entry level banking focused on applying excellent research skills and writing ability to a position in business
management.Enthusiastic business major with excellent communication skills and strong motivation to
succeed.

« Cash handling e Spanish speaking

e Financial analysis e MS Office proficiency

« MS Excel expert e Team leadership

« Analytical e« Excellent communication skills
e Financial reporting e Strong lead development skills
« Loan operations e Business negotiation

e Managing multiple priorities
¢ Identifying risks

Client Interface
¢ Collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive
business development.

BANKING 10/2016
Eagle Bancorp, Inc. | Washington, DC

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.Balanced daily cash deposits
and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate. Processed cash withdrawals. Researched and resolved
customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.Delivered prompt, accurate and
excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

BéACIKING EMPLOYEE 04/2014 to 07/2015
Midwestone Financial Group, Inc. | Fennimore, WI

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit. Balanced daily cash deposits
and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate. Processed cash withdrawals.Researched and resolved
customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.Delivered prompt, accurate and
excellent customer service. Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

IN‘ERN 05/2013 to 08/2013
CEICID | City, STATE

Managing and editing the companys online area and the educative software (Moodle). Developing and
preparing accounting, statistics and Office subject papers (Word, Excel,PowerPoint).

BZCIKING INTERN 05/201 2 to 08/2012
Caja Rural De Navarra | City, STATE

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.Balanced daily cash deposits
and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate. Processed cash withdrawals.Researched and resolved
customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.Delivered prompt, accurate and
excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

Master of Science | International Trade 2014
Universidad Carlos Ill de Madrid, Madrid, Madrid
International Trade Policies, international trade laws..

Ba_helor of Science | Business Administration and Direction 2013
Universidad Publica de Navarra, Pamplona, Navarra

« Sales Software: Salesforce.com, TapScan
« Public Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
« Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML