PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Strategic, highly analytical, and Insightful Manager with over 10 years experience directing and improving
operations through effective employee motivational strategies and strong policy enforcement. Proficient in
best practices, market trends and regulatory requirements of industry operations. Talented leader with
analytical approach to business planning and day-to-day problem-solving.

« Staff Management & Leadership « Risk Assessment

« Personnel Management e Internal Controls

« Business Development Expertise « Compliance Monitoring

« Organizational Leadership e Internal Audit Administration

« Revenue Management « Compliance Management

« Data Management « Innovative Thinking

« Strategic Planning « Financial Services

e« Performance Evaluation « Business Controls

e Research & evaluation « Policies And Procedures

« Conflict Resolution « People Management

« Time Management e« Evaluation

« PeopleSoft Expert « Risk Management
BANKING MANAGER II 01/2018 to CURRENT

Always Best Care | Saint George, UT

e Establishes and manage goals for DCSS Banking Unit that will ennance and support statewide
performance within DCSS Program.

e Expanded cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities,
functions and common goals.

e Analyzes financial statistics and other accounting data to develop fiscal impact projections.

e Represents financial interests of DCSS for State in accounting-related interactions/negotiations with
other parties, such as vendors and external stakeholders.

e Manage and file Site Visits reports quarterly to ensure proper Internal Control were maintained in all of
assigned Local Offices.

e Inform Executive Leadership Team of current activities and progress with investigations.

e« Recommends and implements policies and procedures.

e Directs subordinate managers and staff.

e Provides some direction and influence on agency policy.

e Affords leadership across multiple units, department, and/or regions.

e Communicates administrative priorities around data warehouse, position reconciliation, and support of
enterprise-level trainings and initiatives.

e Performs other professional responsibilities as assigned.

CLUNT CARE SUPERVISOR 01/2013 to 01/2017
STATE OF GEORGIA-DBHDD COMMUNITY SERVICE BOARD | City, STATE

e Redesign and modify policies and programs for productive Effectiveness and Efficiency.

e Supervise day to day operation of Outpatient Clinic, including Revenue management, quality
assurance, billing, team satisfaction and facility maintenance.

e Manage all current data files for use in tracking goals and productivity.

e Oversee 3 Psychiatrists, 1 NP. 17 FTE, 4 PTE and 2 Interns.

e Provide daily guidance, advice and assistance to Clinical Staff, Administrative Staff. potential
employees and new hires.

e Assist with developing and implementing departmental policies and procedures as needed.

e Supervise all department activities to ensure availability of appropriate clinical and support staff for
Outpatient care and ensuring necessary compliance.

e Provide orientation and training for new Staff and work with Human Resources to recruit and select new
Staff for both Carroll and Heard County Clinic.

e Proactively and effectively communicate with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance
with set standards.

e Responsible for evaluating both clinical and non-clinical support staff performance on quarterly basis
and provide timely performance coaching when needed.

e Consults with QA team monthly to re-access our services with our performance surveys and offer
recommendations based on research findings and product performance.

e Assist QA with monthly project team meetings and expert advice regarding transition planning and
activities.

e Implement Corrective Action Plan, such as mentoring, warning and if needed recommend further action
to HR Director.

e Resolve employment-related disputes and peer conflicts through proactive communication styles.

e Created company's first employee manual including training and development.

e Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on
HRMS database.

e Streamlined and improved program operational processes by creating effective corrective action plans.

e Coordinated statistical data analysis, design, and information flow.

e Developed database objects, including tables, views and materialized views using SPSS.

HECD TELLER/BRANCH SPECIALIST 01/2002 to 01/2009
IBM Southeast Employees Federal Credit Union | City, STATE

e Supervised/trained tellers, developed strategic alliances, and solicited business accounts.

e Audited branches monthly, supervised daily operations,

e Opened/closed branch, secured vault, and maintained daily Automated Teller Machine.

e Managed and coordinated daily banking activities.

e ACH authorizations, credit card reconciliations, deposit transfers, bank reversal requests, fees and
journal entries.

e Reconciled weekly debit card transactions, disbursements, research/correction of disbursement errors
& reversals.

e Assessed employee performance and developed improvement plans.

e Resolved escalated customer issues within timeframes

e Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks.

e Gathered and reviewed customer feedback to improve operations.

¢ Motivated staff to exceed quotas on regular basis.

e Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques.

e Assisted customers with setting up or closing accounts, completing loan applications and signing up for
new services

e Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to
promote safe working environment

e Increased overall annual sales 400% by implementing several quality improvements within branches

e Increased branch's profits by 200% annually.

e Consistently exceeded both branch and individual's goals monthly.

e Won quarterly Employee Excellence Award multiple times.

Master of Science | Organizational Leadership 12/2016
Brenau University, Gainesville, GA

Bac nelor of Arts | Sociology 05/2013
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA

AscCociate of Science | Business Administration 12/2007
Atlanta Metropolitan State College, Atlanta, GA