JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I'm a dedicated customer service and former banking professional with 30 years of supporting people and their needs. I am driven by learning
from others and raising the effectiveness of my role to improve the process at hand. I believe that customers need nurtured through
respectfulness and a dedication to listening. I strive to manage database CRM's and attain sales goals, grow revenue through sound process
and closing skills, while providing strong clarity, on-the-spot product knowledge, and a sincere concern for a seamless and positive customer
interaction. My most proudest achievements have been the transformation of problematic branch offices into stellar training centers.

SKILLS
¢ Dollar Bank Management & Leadership Program Graduate e Effective Writer & Strong Communicator
¢ Branch Operations & Sales Specialist e Financial Statement Metrics Reporting
« Loan Processing & Closing Specialist e Microsoft Outlook Certified
e High Energy Team Building e Adobe Acrobat, Word, Excel, Outlook, Recruit, Banner, Five9,
Webex, Blackboard
RELEVANT WORK
Banking Center Manager

Webster Financial Corporation — Pittsburgh. PA

e Recruited and hired talent for operations and service delivery and managed branch offices by mentoring and cross-training new
leadership as part of succession planning.

e Adhered to established security procedures and reported potential fraud or safety violations to management for immediate recourse.

¢ Performed banking, business administration and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.

e Performed routine closings, maintained clean, accurate and accessible records and kept close eye on transaction updates throughout each
quarter.

¢ Complied with established internal controls and policies.

¢ Increased new bank relationships within local community through execution of quarterly promotions.

Internet Lending Specialist
Adaptimmune Therapeutics Ple — Pittsburgh, PA
e Co-founded department to originate, process, and close first mortgage loans in five different states.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Monitored pipelines to track and log status of loans.
e Explained very technical financial information to applicants in easy to understand language.
« Compiled closing packages for drafting and presentation accuracy.
¢ Obtained copies of applicants’ credit histories and reviewed paperwork to determine feasibility of granting loans.

Financial Services Educator
NCR Credit Union — Dayton, Ohio
« Conducted seminars on consumer credit, lending and deposit accounts, and overall sound personal budgeting practices to Select
Employer Groups.
e Provided access to products and services via informative seminars designed to educate consumers in order to obtain new memberships
and improve existing ones.

01/2022 to Current Document Control Specialist
Regent University — Virginia Beach, VA

¢ Modified and maintained tools to support operations and business process creation using Adobe Acrobat, Word,
Excel, Outlook, Recruit, Banner, Five9, Webex, Blackboard.

e Serve as a primary controller and database manager for document imaging, document intake procedures, and
quality control checks on data.

e Ensuring transcripts from incoming students are received and recorded accurately while assisting in continuous
process improvement activities.

e Organize and manage the collection and distribution of incoming recruitment and admissions related
documentation and information requests.

e Review and certify secondary and post-secondary transcripts for accuracy and authenticity while applying and
interpreting admissions and record policies in a variety of procedural situations.

e Responsible for maintaining the influx and routing of transcripts over numerous electronic exchange websites.

¢ Provide backup and assistance to the Registrar's Office and Transcript Department's scanning, indexing, record
updates, and other data entry projects as needed.

¢ Perform excellent customer support, service, and communication to Admissions Counselors and Advisors. Regent
applicants, Regent faculty and other staff, and representatives from external institutions and vendors.

EpucATION
Bachelor of Arts
Saint Vincent College - Pittsburgh, PA

12/2022 Certification: School of Loan Origination (SOLO)
Mortgage Bankers Association