SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Resourceful Branch Manager offering more than 17 years of experience in challenging, fast-paced Banking
environments. Amiable professional known for leading constructive and cooperative working relationships
within team setting.

Customer Service Skills Motivating
Ambition and Desire to Succeed Teamwork
Ability to Sell Products and Services

RELATIONSHIP BANKING MANAGER 02/2020 to CURRENT
Republic Services, Inc. | Middlesex, NJ

e« Addressed inquiries from clients and relationship management department team members.

e« Generated new leads through various prospecting methods, presenting opportunities to sell services
and build larger client base.

« Provided customers with first-rate experience and developed long-lasting relationships.

« Consulted with small business customers to determine needs and means and propose personalized
banking solutions.

e Built strong rapport with new and existing clients to better serve financial needs and promote branch
loyalty.

e« Maximized branch revenue by optimizing daily operations.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet
deadlines.

e Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions.

e Assigned tasks to associates to fit skill levels and maximize team performance.

« Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles at all times.

e« Met with each associate to establish realistic monthly sales goals.

« Supervised and trained customer service team members to provide exceptional service, driving
retention and satisfaction.

« Conducted special service and account transactions for customers, including ordering checks and
placing stop payment orders.

e Assisted customers in bank operations, including opening accounts, accessing safe deposit boxes and
ATM operations.

e Entered transactions into computer and issued customer receipts.

e Identified and reported suspicious behavior to security personnel as appropriate.

« Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.

e Responded and assisted customers with account inquiries and updates.

« Cashed customer checks, verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank
policy.

« Demonstrated expertise in identifying and mitigating potential fraud and transaction risks.

e« Welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction.

e Identified and eliminated errors when balancing ATM transactions, teller cash dispensers and teller cash
recyclers.

« Explained bank services, financial products and applicable fees to customers.

e Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training
classes and workshops offered to employees.

e Identified customer financial needs, goals and objectives and offered appropriate financial products to
suit needs.

e« Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional
in stressful situations.

e« Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and
applications.

« Fulfilled diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish
ATMs, maintain accounts and open new accounts.

e Balanced daily cash deposits and vault inventory with zero error rate.

e« Managed customer referrals to help financial services team members capitalize on sales changes.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 07/2006 to 02/2020
Freedom Mortgage | Montgomery, AL

e Delivered service and support to each customer, paving way for future business opportunities.

e Supported customer service goals and enhanced relations through friendly, knowledgeable and positive
communication.

e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

e Set up and activated customer accounts.

e Made outbound calls to obtain account information.

e Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic
systems.

e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.

LON OFFICER ASSISTANT 07/2005 to 07/2006
Fredbeans | Langhorne, PA

e Checked applicant credit, personal references and employment histories.
e Conveyed acceptance or rejection to customers by mail, telephone or in person.
e Prepared and delivered loan documents to title and escrow teams.

HUAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 07/2004 to 07/2005
Sevier County Bank | City, STATE
e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.
e Guided new hires through orientation and on-boarding and explained documentation requirements to
facilitate HR process.
e Verified previous employers and other references to determine applicants' employment acceptability.
e Filed documents, delivered mail and performed bookkeeping to facilitate office operations of HR
department.
e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

New Accounts - CD's - IRA's - Safe Deposit Box
Tennessee Bankers Association , Knoxville, TN

BuOness
Tennessee State Technical , Knoxville, TN

Hig School Diploma 05/1984
Sevier County High School, Sevierville, TN