PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly analytical, deadline-driven banking associate who completes accounting activities with accuracy and
speed.

* Cash handling expertise ¢ Strategic thinker
¢ Compliance, banking laws and regulations e Excellent communication skills
e Excellent customer service skills e Accurate and detailed
e Detail-oriented e Flexible
BANKING ASSOCIATE 11/2013 to CURRENT

Dollar Tree | Henderson, NV

e Created member account profiles on The First online banking program.

e Continued education on current banking products and services through Digital University, Jack Henry
and The First Advisors Program.

e Executed customer transactions, including deposits, withdrawals, money orders and checks.

e Rapidly and efficiently prepared customer and ATM cash and change orders.

e Handled various accounting transactions.

e Collected member loan payments.

e Executed wire transfers, stop payments and account transfers.

e Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

STORE MANAGER AND MERCHANDISE BUYER 08/2017 to 11/2013
Maximus, Inc. | Lubbock, TX

e Planned budgets and authorized payments and merchandise returns.
« Counted cash drawers and made bank deposits.

e Reordered inventory when it dropped below predetermined levels.

e Hired, trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing.

e Generated repeat business through exceptional customer service.

e Communicated with vendors regarding inventory needs.

e Maintained key item stock levels.

e Developed and improved account relationships.

e Negotiated prices to maintain profit.

OFSICE ADMINISTRATOR 08/2010 to 08/2011
Dr. Stock & Associates | City, STATE

e Composed effective accounting reports summarizing accounts payable data.

e Posted receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts.

¢ Monitored payments due from clients and promptly contacted clients with past due payments.

e Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.

e Verified and created claim numbers by communicating with various insurance companies.

e Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete patient charts.

Bachelor of Science | Deaf Education 1992
Ball State University, Muncie, Indiana