JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Self-motivated customer service professional with a warm and friendly demeanor always! Skilled at conflict resolution. Team builder who is
acutely attentive to employees® and clients’ needs. Punctual problem solver and avid multitasker. Track record of generating client relationships,
managing projects from concept to completion. Skills in team building, demonstrating exceptional communication skills and making critical
decisions during challenges. An adaptable young professional with the ability to work both independently and in a group setting.

SKILLS
® Verbal and Written Communication e Time Management
e Issue and Complaint Resolution © Cultural Awareness and Sensitivity
e Customer Account Management © Policies and Procedures Adherence
* Building Customer Trust and Loyalty ¢ Remote Office Availability
e Customer Data Confidentiality e Multi-Line Phone Systems
e Data Entry and Maintenance ¢ Computer Skills
e Calm and Professional Under Pressure ¢ Inbound and Outbound Calling
e Efficient and Detail-Oriented e Teamwork and Collaboration
e Upbeat and Positive Personality ¢ HD Photography
e Creative Problem Solving e Lighting Expert
¢ De-escalation Techniques e Retouching and Color Correction
e Multitasking and Prioritization e Service Oriented
e Upselling Products and Services ® Social Media
e Administrative and Office Support ¢ Digital Photography
¢ Establishing and Maintaining Customer Relationships e Project Management
e Proactive Self-Starter e Client Scheduling
¢ Excellent Attention to Detail e Phone and Email Etiquette
e Patient and Empathetic e Camera Setup
e Microsoft Office e Business Development
EXPERIENCE

Banking Customer Service Representative, 12/2021 - Current
Teleperformance — Youngstown, FL
¢ Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.
e Handled client inquiries with exceptional professionalism and enthusiasm.
e Engaged customers with proactive strategies to understand needs and develop successful solutions.
e Educated clients on how to conduct transactions with convenient online solutions.
¢ Maintained high-volume workload within fast-paced environment and consistently met performance benchmarks.
e Researched and resolved complex customer inquiries regarding loans, credit and consumer accounts.
¢ Provided complaint resolution through root cause analysis and service recovery to retain existing clients and increase customer satisfaction.
e Navigated multiple computer systems and applications and utilized search tools to find customer information.
e Maintained performance standards against targets such as call abandonment, turnaround time and accuracy of solutions offered.
¢ Promoted facility security by monitoring customer behaviors and following established protocols to protect individuals and assets.

Freelance Photographer, 01/2021 - Current
Altice Usa Inc. — Jonesboro, AR
¢ Cropped, manipulated and performed color balance for final images.
* Collaborated successfully with various personalities and work styles.
¢ Photographed special events, parties, and portraits.
e Explained price and package details to customers.
¢ Improvised photographic methods and techniques.
e Set up lights. backdrops, and props for shoots and events.
e Set up camera control equipment, stands, and tripods for shoots.
e Maintained various studio equipment.
e Planned and obtained original shots using innovative thinking and new techniques.
* Utilized filters, edits, and after-effects to enhance photos.
e Strengthened membership loyalty, executing flawless customer service and account management.
¢ Boosted revenue, developed marketing strategies, solicited clients and closed sales.
© Met productivity quotas, managing workflow to meet demand.
* Collaborated with clients to plan shoots and boost satisfaction with photos.

Lead Waitress, 07/2020 - 08/2021
Cesare’s Italian Restaurant — City, STATE
¢ Using interpersonal and communication skills.
e Maintaining knowledge of menu including wine list to assist with suggestions.
¢ Dealt with customer issues for servers, consistently upholding professionalism and calmness to maintain customer satisfaction.
e Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.
e Greeted customers, answered questions, and recommended specials to increase profits.
e Handled food safely and kept spaces clean to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain proper sanitation.
* Completed opening and closing checklists to facilitate smooth restaurant operations.
¢ Served high volume of tables at once and simultaneously supervised serving staff.
e Checked identification to verify minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages.
¢ Relayed orders to service bar and kitchen via point-of-sale register system.
¢ Prepared salads, appetizers, and garnishes to assist kitchen staff.
« Communicated with hosts, bussers, and kitchen staff to prepare for and serve customers.

¢ Rolled silverware and set up food stations and dining areas to prepare for next shift or large parties.

Customer and Dispatching Service Representative, 08/2019 - 05/2020
Vendor Supply — City, STATE
e Answering incoming customer care calls regarding order placement, billing inquiries, service inquiries and general customer concerns
while also assisting with merchandising conflicts.
e Ensuring customer satisfaction to increase sales and populate recurring clients.
¢ Reviewed routes, daily traffic and weather conditions to adjust plans, meeting daily requirements and service needs.
* Reported delays, accidents or other traffic and transportation situations.
e Investigated and resolved customer and vendor issues to retain business.
¢ Relayed work orders and information between work crews, supervisors and field personnel.
e Providing coverage to purchasing, human resources and invoicing departments.
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products, and services information.
* Organized client contracts, records, reports and agendas to strengthen traceability within filing systems.

Quality Control Specialist/Client Services Liaison, 01/2016 - 05/2019
Auto Driveaway — City, STATE
e Responsible for representing the company’s brand and maintaining Claire term relationships with clients in a competitive marketplace
e Utilizing marketing resources to drive account retention and growth
e Address client concerns and ensure the resolution of issue(s) is in a timely manner, with follow-up if appropriate
¢ Developing client relationships at a senior and technical level
© Created and analyzed weekly or monthly reports for clients using Microsoft
e Excel
¢ Worked directly with assigned Account Manager to maintain the quality of service and provided coverage when necessary
¢ Provided instructions to and followed up with other office locations on vehicle moves to ensure service level agreements were met key
skills and characteristics
e Trained and advised 4 new employees in 1 year.
e Approved incoming materials by confirming specifications and approved finished products.
* Recommended improvements to systems and procedures for increased productivity.

e Maintained policy, procedures, work instructions and projects for quality and continuous improvement agendas.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

GED: 01/2015
Rawlins Learning And Testing Center - Colonial Heights, VA