Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Personal Banker/Assistant Manager {i Neadlin tinibadltecerniaed eaauria
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Experienced Personal Banker/Assistant Manager with a successful careerin insurance, mortgage
lending, investment sales, retail banking, business development, and administration. Excels at
cultivating productive relationships with partners such as Business Bankers, Financial Advisors,
and Mortgage Loan Officers by identifying qualified opportunities to ensure company goals are
exceeded, Utilizes proactive approaches in community involvement, networking, and customer
relationship management in order to maintain, expand and acquire client base.

SKILLS

Proficient With Microsoft Office Prograrns, Cornputer Work, Typing, Data Entry, Business
Development, Custorner Service, Sales Management, Business Analysis, Strategic Planning

WORK EXPERIENCE

Personal Banker/Assistant Manager
ABC Corporation - October 2012- February 2014

* Provided rernarkable customer service through all custorner |nteractions, opening new
accounts, problern resolution, telephone answering, safe deposit access, etc,

* Consistently top banker in the district for rnortgage referrals developed an in-depth
knowledge of retail and business products and services.

* Sold loans and deposit products to consumer and srnall business customers and prospects,

* Conducted outbound calls by using referral sources, walk-in sources, telephone, and in-person
calls.

» Used all sales tools, Including profiling customers needs through the use of various
technologies and sales tools to ensure a consistent and valued custorner experience,

* Provided transactional customer service, including but not limited to the following accepted
and processed deposits, withdrawals, and payments and handled other over the counter and
mail transactions,

* Successfully cornpleted banker and teller platforrn training assisted in the coaching and cross-
training of other staff members in sales and operations as needed,

Licensed Personal Banker & Registered Representative
ABC Corporation - March 2010 - September 2011

* Directed daily operations for the retail bank, including branch sales, business development,
and customer service.

* Analyzed financial staternents and pertinent information to determine the creditworthiness of
prospective customers,

* Counseled corporate clients and high net-worth Individuals with regard to thelr borrowing
needs.

+ Maintained meaningful relationships with customers by resolving thelr issues and engaging
thern to understand their financial needs.

* Partnered with the branch team and specialists to connect the customers to experts who can
help with specialized objectives.

* Complied with all policies, procedures, and regulatory banking requirernents.

» Established positive relationships with management to facilitate communication and
collaboration between all ernployees.

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings