JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic, highly analytical, and Performance-driven Senior Manager with 15 years of experience aligning systems with business
requirements, policies and regulatory requirements. Passionate about applying excellent organization and communication skills to manage and
lead teams. Results-oriented individual well-versed in interfacing and consulting on business processes to drive results based on sound overall
business judgment.

SKILLS
e Staff Management & Leadership e Business Controls
e Personnel Management e Policies And Procedure Development
¢ Business Development Expertise ¢ People Management
¢ Organizational Leadership e Evaluation
« Revenue Management e Risk Management
« Data Management * Contract Management
¢ Strategic Planning e Executive Management
e Performance Evaluation e Business Operations
e Research & evaluation e Financial Operations
¢ Conflict Resolution ¢ Client Relationship Management
« Time Management e Business Acumen
¢ PeopleSoft Expert ¢ Community Development
e Risk Assessment e Human Resources
¢ Internal Controls e Client Engagement
*« Compliance Monitoring e Financial Reporting
e Internal Audit Administration e Expense Management
« Compliance Management ¢ Month-End Close Processes
¢ Innovative Thinking © Audit
e Financial Management ¢ Monitoring
Work History

01/2018 to Current Banking Manager IT
Visiting Angels Of Southern Nm — Las Cruces, NM

e Establishes and manage goals for DCSS Banking Unit that will enhance and support statewide performance within
DCSS Program.

e Expand cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and
common goals.

e Manage financial statistics and other accounting data to develop fiscal impact projections.

e Represents financial interests of DCSS for State in accounting-related interactions/negotiations with other parties.
such as vendors and external stakeholders.

e Manage and file Site Visits reports quarterly to ensure proper Internal Control were maintained in all of assigned
Local Offices.

e Inform Executive Leadership Team of current activities and progress with investigations.

¢ Consistently maintained 100% disbursement rate for over 3years

e Recommends and implements policies and procedures.

e Directs subordinate managers and staff.

¢ Provides some direction and influence on agency policy.

e Ensure leadership across multiple units, department, and/or regions.

* Communicates administrative priorities around data warehouse, position reconciliation, and support of enterprise-
level trainings and initiatives.

e Performs other professional responsibilities as assigned.

12/2013 to 12/2017 Client Care Manager
Georgia Department Of Behavioral Health And Developmental Disabilities — City, STATE

e Redesign and modify policies and programs for productive Effectiveness and Efficiency.

e Supervise day to day operation of Outpatient Clinic, including Revenue management, quality assurance, billing,
team satisfaction and facility maintenance.

¢ Manage all current data files for use in tracking goals and productivity.

¢ Oversee 3 Psychiatrists, 1 NP. 17 FTE, 4 PTE and 2 Interns.

e Provide daily guidance, advice and assistance to Clinical Staff, Administrative Staff, potential employees and new
hires.

e Assist with developing and implementing departmental policies and procedures as needed.

e Supervise all department activities to ensure availability of appropriate clinical and support staff for Outpatient care
and ensuring necessary compliance.

e Provide orientation and training for new Staff and work with Human Resources to recruit and select new Staff for
both Carroll and Heard County Clinic.

e Proactively and effectively communicate with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set
standards.

¢ Responsible for evaluating both clinical and non-clinical support staff performance on quarterly basis and provide
timely performance coaching when needed.

¢ Consults with QA team monthly to re-access services with performance surveys and offer recommendations based
on research findings and product performance.

e Assist QA with monthly project team meetings and expert advice regarding transition planning and activities.

¢ Implement Corrective Action Plan, such as mentoring, warning and if needed recommend further action to HR
Director.

e Resolve employment-related disputes and peer conflicts through proactive communication styles.

e Created company’s first employee manual including training and development.

© Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on HRMS
database.

e Streamlined and improved program operational processes by creating effective corrective action plans.

¢ Coordinated statistical data analysis, design, and information flow.

© Developed database objects, including tables, views and materialized views using SPSS.

06/2002 to 08/2009 Senior Branch Operations Specialist
IBM Southeast Employees Federal Credit Union — City, STATE

e Supervised/trained tellers, developed strategic alliances, and solicited business accounts.

e Audited branches monthly, supervised daily operations,

© Opened/closed branch, secured vault, and maintained daily Automated Teller Machine.

© Managed and coordinated daily banking activities.

e¢ ACH authorizations, credit card reconciliations, deposit transfers, bank reversal requests, fees and journal entries.

e Reconciled weekly debit card transactions, disbursements, research/correction of disbursement errors & reversals.

e Assessed employee performance and developed improvement plans.

¢ Resolved escalated customer issues within timeframes

© Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks.

e Gathered and reviewed customer feedback to improve operations.

© Motivated staff to exceed quotas on regular basis.

e Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques.

e Assisted customers with setting up or closing accounts, completing loan applications and signing up for new
services

¢ Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe
working environment

e Increased overall annual sales 400% by implementing several quality improvements within branches

e Increased branch’s profits by 200% annually.

¢ Consistently exceeded both branch and individual's goals monthly

e Replenished ATM funds in empty canisters prior to validation process

e Executed wire transfers, stop payments and account transfers

e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic

e Balanced out branch to standard cash limit, prepared cash shipments to Federal Reserve intermediary banking
institution and reconciled cash general ledger account.

EpucaTIon
12/2016 Master of Science: Organizational Leadership
Brenau University - Gainesville, GA
05/2013 Bachelor of Arts: Sociology
Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA
12/2007 Associate of Science: Business Administration

Atlanta Metropolitan State College - Atlanta, GA