Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Retail Banker Website : www. qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

6+ years of experience as a Retail Banker is seeking a position as a bank or credit union teller Ina
well-established organization.

SKILLS

Cash Handling, 40 wprn, Data Entry, MS Office Suite, Retail Managernent, Organizational,
Training, Receptionist, Tearn Player, And Retail Sales,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Retail Banker
Woodforest National Bank - August 2014- Present

Processing a variety of custorner transactions accurately and efficiently.

Opening and performing account maintenance on all customer accounts, including business
accounts, Consumer accounts, minor accounts, certificates of deposits and IRAs.

Collecting and properly distributes paperwork and electronic readings.

Effectively markets products and services to existing and potential custorners.

Providing quality customer service and efficiently takes care of customer concerns.

Properly Stores and shreds confidential branch documents according to the retention
schedule,

Assisting the tellers when necessary to service customers and to expedite walt time,

Cash Office Associate
Kohls - July 2012 - July 2014

“_* © © © & *@

Collects and properly distributes paperwork and electronic readings.

Accurately assist managers in making the change and keeping cash flow well balanced,
Provides quality customer service and efficiently takes care of customer concerns.
Research and communicate with management about register discrepancies,

Maintain cashier awareness log when Issues arise.

Balance safe and prepare register bags for next sales date.

Analyze funds and prepare deposit as well as any needed change order inforrnation,

EDUCATION

Bachelors in Business Administration - January 2015 to December 201 6(Northwood University )
Masters In Business Administration - March 1969{Northwood University )

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings