SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Certified Nursing Assistant with 8+ years work in fast-paced environment handling confidential paperwork,
Administering medication and providing quality patient care.

Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account
management environments. Strong presenter, communicator and problem solver working effectively and
productively with diverse customers and individual needs.

Technologically-savvy Bank Associate with proven customer service, time management and multitasking
abilities. Attentive to customer needs and ready to break down technical problems to develop effective

solutions.

« Medical terminology knowledge
« Patient/family focused
« Documentation

e = First Aid
« Emotional Support
e Vital Signs

« OSHA Regulations

« HIPAA Compliance

e Medication administration expert

e Range ofMotion

e Remote Desktop Services and Support
e Troubleshooting and Diagnosing

Call Center Operations
Balance Verification and Reconciliation
Data Security and Validation
Transaction Error Identification
Problem-Solving

Account Services

Attention to Detail

Customer Service-Oriented
Information Processing
Product and Service Sales
Honest and Dependable
Fraud Detection

e Customer Service Support e Pleasant and Personable
« Multitasking and Prioritization e Identity Verification

e Technical Troubleshooting e Balance Transfers

e Customer relations e Time Management

e Quality control e Account Security

BANKING CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Total System Services, Inc. | KS, State

e Supported customer service goals and enhanced relations through friendly, knowledgeable and positive

communication.
e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

e Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and

developing solutions.

e Assisted customers in person and via telephone to reorder checks and provide bank statements and
account balances.

e Assisted members in managing online services and achieving daily banking needs.

e Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

e Communicated with customers to identify issues, walk through solutions and initiate corrective actions to

restore service and functionality.
e Received inbound phone calls from customers to provide first-level support and remotely troubleshoot
issues with service, equipment or customer accounts.
e Documented and updated case notes for each customer and work order.

¢ Maintained compliance with established and updated policies and procedures with minimal supervision.
e Worked with supervisors via live chat to address customer inquiries or technical issues beyond scope of

expertise.
e Consulted via telephone to understand user problems, run through testing scripts and ask probing
questions to locate root causes.
NURSE TECHNICIAN
Mercy Healthcare | Creve Coeur, MO

¢ Took patients' blood pressure, temperature and pulse and documented height and weight.

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

e Engaged with patient family and friends to provide courteous visit experience.

e Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

e Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care
team.

e Looked for physical, emotional and symptomatic changes in patient condition and obtained necessary
care for medical concerns.

e Assisted patients during ambulation and moved from one place to another by pushing wheelchairs.

e Turned or re-positioned bedridden patients to promote blood flow and prevent bedsores.

e Used mobility devices to transport patients.

e Protected and promoted patient rights and assisted individuals to achieve maximum independence.

MI_DICATION AIDE/NURSE AIDE
Affinity Living Group | Burgaw, NC

¢ Monitored vital signs during medication administration to quickly identify complications.

e Greeted patients and families with enthusiastic, compassionate attitude to establish long-term
professional relationships.

e Maintained medication stock and cleaned patient rooms and equipment.

e Assessed patient needs in response to medications.

e Observed patient vital signs and medication reactions and reported health concerns or behavioral
changes.

e Planned optimal meals based on established nutritional plans.

e Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
e Monitored client behaviors and emotional states, reporting concerns to case manager and documenting

information in files.
e Interacted with patients through games and fun activities to boost mood and improve overall memory.
e Monitored medications for patients with various conditions and kept watchful eye for side effects.

MICDICATION AIDE
The Alpha House | City, STATE

e Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.

e« Monitored vital signs during medication administration to quickly identify complications.

« Greeted patients and families with enthusiastic, compassionate attitude to establish long-term
professional relationships.

« Maintained medication stock and cleaned patient rooms and equipment.

« Assessed patient needs in response to medications.

e« Observed patient vital signs and medication reactions and reported health concerns or behavioral
changes.

« Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality -

e Initiated oxygen and administered life-saving drugs in emergency

« Obtained, recorded and reported patient vital signs for medication administration.

e Safely and accurately prepared all medications and sterilized products by using proper techniques.
calculations and standards of precautions.

« Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care
team.

« Leveraged medication expertise to accurately enter medications and supplies into computer system.

GED
Germanna Community College, Fredericksburg, Virginia
Nurse Aide/Medication Aide Premiere Medical Career Educators

NuCsing Assistant/Medication Aide, Virginia
Richmond

01/2022 to CURRENT

06/2076 to 12/2018

11/2014 to 06/2016

05/2012 to 12/2014

01/2016