Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Dedicated Banking Service Specialist bringing resourcefulness and experience combined with exceptional customer service,
organizational, and multi-task skills in fast-paced working environments. Approaches each service issue with analytical, level-
headed approach to identify needs, resolve problems and maximize customer satisfaction. Astute, customer-focused team player

offering expertise in project management, team building, and financial confidentiality/security standards.

Skills
¢ Customer Relationship Building e Currency and Coin Counter
e Balance Verification and Reconciliation ¢ Recordkeeping and Documentation
¢ Quality Control e Product and Service Sales
e Account Services e Project Management Abilities
¢ Report Generation ¢ Strong Sense of Banking Ethics
¢ Safe and Vault Operation ¢ Honest and Dependable
e Check Cashing e Attention to Detail
e New Account Setup e Adaptive Team Player
¢ Bank Deposits e Sales Expertise
¢ Cash Supply Orders ¢ Excellent Communication Skills
e Transaction Error Identification ¢ Problem Detection and Resolution
¢ Debt and Credit Management ¢ Bilingual in Vietnamese

¢ International Funds Transfer Process Expertise

Experience

Banking Center Service Specialist, 11/2017 to 05/2020
Department Of Defense — Fort Wainwright, AK
¢ Coached front-line team members in strategies to improve customer service and proactively mitigate issues.
¢ Documented known solutions to improve teams’ handling of complaints and help back-end teams correct systemic problems.
¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations.
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
e Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.
¢ Helped management create a successful, customer-oriented environment with low complaint levels and high service quality.
¢ Provided account services to customers and organizations: received deposits and loan payments, withdrawals, cashed checks,
wire transfers, currency exchanges, cashier's checks, saving bond cashout, and money orders.
¢ Facilitated managers with daily and monthly financial analysis reports
e Trained new employees in banking policies and procedures

Waiter, 07/2017 to 11/2017
Pinkerton's Steakhouse — City, STATE
¢ Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.
¢ Communicated with kitchen staff to stay updated on item availability and customer wait times.
e Completed opening and closing checklists to ensure smooth restaurant operations.
¢ Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.

¢ Communicated effectively with patrons, took orders and made item recommendations.

Host/Cashier/Waiter/Busser, 04/2016 to 02/2017
Saki's Japanese Restaurant — City, STATE
e Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials to increase profits.
e Answered phone inquiries to schedule and confirm reservations, record takeout orders and respond to service questions.
¢ Developed long-term relationships with customers to increase opportunities for repeat business.
e Cleaned and restocked counter areas, replenished cash drawer and checked server supplies to facilitate operations.
¢ Managed guest expectations by relaying information regarding hours, wait times and specials.
e Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.

Host/Cashier/Waiter, 09/2013 to 01/2016
Chili's Bar And Grill — City, STATE
¢ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.
e Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.
¢ Delivered high level of customer service to patrons using active listening and engagement skills.
e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
e Addressed concerns quickly to improve customer experience and escalated issues to management for resolution when necessary.

¢ Handled food safely and kept spaces clean to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain proper sanitation.

Host/Cashier/Waitress, 06/2012 to 12/2012
24/7 Grille - Hard Rock Casino — City, STATE
¢ Presented menus to patrons to answer questions about menu items and make recommendations.
¢ Relayed orders to service bar and kitchen via point-of-sale register system.
¢ Set up dining room to meet hospitality and service standards.
¢ Verified guest satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.
e Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.
* Cross-trained as host and helped with tasks such as greeting diners and escorting guests.
e Provided exceptional service to high volume of daily customers.

Education and Training

High School Diploma: 05/2008
Biloxi High School - Biloxi, MS
¢ Honor Roll Recipient

Business Administration
Mississippi State University - Starkville, MS

Nursing

Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College - Biloxi, MS
Accomplishments

* Certificate of Appreciation - Account Validation Project Manager
¢ Banking Center VP Certificate of Appreciation - Counterfeit Identification
¢ Won 2 Chili's sales competitions

Certifications

* Certificate of Merit for Desktop Publishing
* Certificate of Merit for Environmental Science
* Certificate of Merit for Entrepreneurship