JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Global Program Manager with over 10 years of experience in building successful compliance programs within the Healthcare
industry. Skilled at delivering training classes and informational materials to community members in order to promote health improvements and
reduce problems with chronic diseases. Proficient in related programs and capable of helping people locate, enroll and take advantage of

resources. Compassionate and positive with good interpersonal and conflict management abilities.

SKILLS

* Leadership e Program Implementation
* Community Partnership & Engagement * Medical Assessment Mastery
¢ Policy Improvement e International And Domestic Travel
e Public Health e¢ Communication
* Organization Development ® Schedule Coordination
e Customer Service Engagement e Evaluation
e Program Development e Public Outreach
e Program Management e Resource Requirements
¢ Program Evaluation e Program Goals
e Fiscal & Budget Management ¢ Goals And Objectives
e Performance Management e Planning
e Process Improvement e Management

Work HIsTory

Banking Program Manager, 01/2018 - Current
Department Of Human Services-DHS — City, STATE

e Serve as member of DCSS Leadership team to define division objectives and operational plan to ensure consistent, high quality service 1s
provided to all stakeholders.

e Ensure compliance with all state and federal regulations, and program requirements.

e Advise DCSS leadership on issues and changes to policy, threats and potential opportunities related to Financial program implementation.

e Responsible for Financial and Banking Unit strategic direction, development and implementation of long-range goals and objectives, plan
development and implementation.

e Oversees setting program goals, monitoring program activities and providing input for Child Support Field Offices and Office of Financial
Services.

e Directs program activities and supervise Regional Financial Managers.

e Responsible for all supervisory activity of assigned staff (e.g., hiring, on-boarding, setting performance and development objectives,
evaluating performance, corrective action planning, recognizing performance, reviewing leave requests).

¢ Provides oversight for program budget development, implementation, and expenditure review and approval, ensures timely submission of
financial contractual applications.

e Ensure clarity of program priorities, goals and linkages to defined outcomes by monitoring and reporting program performance on key
performance indicators.

e Direct unit in utilization of quality tools and methods to promote continuous quality improvement (CQI) in program initiatives.

e Plan. organize and develops quarterly operations of both Financial and Banking Unit.

e Oversee development and revision of policies and procedures, standards and guidelines for assigned Child Support Payment programs.

¢ Develop opportunities for strategic collaboration with other DCSS outreach programs, state agencies, external partners, and other
stakeholders to coordinate efforts and share best practices to improve program outcomes.

e Increased Performance and compliance audit to 98% within one year

e Attend meetings with Executive leadership, internal and external partners as subject matter expert.

e Attend and presents on behalf of agency at community meetings, partner conferences.

e Graduated DHS Leadership Academy program within one year of hire.

CLINICAL SERVICE SUPERVISOR, 12/2013 - 12/2017
Carroll-Heard County Mental Outpatient Clinic — City, STATE

« Manage outpatient clinic serving adult, geriatric, child and adolescent patients.

e Manage multiple projects and programs operations daily.

* Responsible for planning, development and implementation of Process and Improvement projects for Clinics.

e Analyze collected stakeholder’s data and findings and interpret complex legislative, regulatory, policy guidance for use in managing all
mental health programs.

¢ Develop and implement strategies and plans for meeting Clinic objectives.

¢ Establish and forge relationships with international organizations to collaborate and facilitate development and integration of operating
public mental health program initiatives and activities.

© Oversee all County Case Management duties which included Therapy, Medical Services, Housing Program Assistance, Medical Insurance
Provision and Disability Benefits.

e Oversee and Manage staff of 14 Fulltime Employees, 4 Part-time Employees and 2 Contract Physicians.

e Provide daily guidance, advice and assistance to Clinical Therapists, Case Managers, Administrative Staff, and new hires.

* Oversee and ensured compliance with CMO providers, Medicaid providers and Parental Court Accountability program.

e Partnered with Quality Assurance Team to develop and update clinical policies, improvement plans, procedures, written material and
contractual obligations.

* Oversee all Personnel HR Functions that includes yearly Performance Reviews, Reference Checks, Staff time and Leave reports.

¢ Develop orientation and training for new Staff and work with Human Resources to recruit and select new Staff for both Carroll and Heard
County Clinic.

e Perform audit reviews to identify quality improvement needs and plans and provide recommendations based on research findings and
product performance.

* Participated in other Supervisory meetings as assigned.

Senior Branch Specialist, 01/2002 - 08/2010
IBM Southeast Employees Federal Credit Union — City, STATE
e Supervised’trained tellers, developed strategic alliances, and solicited business accounts.
¢ Performed monthly Branch and Vault Audits.
* Supervised all daily operations, opened/closed branch, secured vault, and daily Automated Teller Machine.
e Managed and coordinated daily banking activities 1c.
e ACH authorizations, credit card reconciliations, deposit transfers, bank reversal requests, fees and journal entries.
* Reconciled weekly debit card transactions, disbursements, research/correction of disbursement errors & reversals.
e Handled employee personnel performance and developed improvement plans.
¢ Resolved escalated customer issues in timely manner.
e Increased branch’s revenue by 200% annually.
* Consistently exceeded both branch and individual’s goals monthly.
e Won quarterly Employee Excellence Award multiple times.

EDUCATION
Master of Science: Organizational Leadership, 12/2016

Brenau University - Gainesville, GA

Bachelor of Arts: Sociology. 05/2013
Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA

Associate: Business Administration, 12/2007
ATLANTA METROPOLITAN COLLEGE - Atlanta, GA