2004-pres.

KRAMER JANSEN

123 Seventh Avenue * Poplar Bluff, MO 12345 * (123) 555-1234 * kjansen@bamboo.com

OBJECTIVE

A position in Investment Banking
with a focus on financial modeling and valuation

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Six years* experience in operational and financial analysis, with particular skill in
analyzing companies on a functional and quantitative basis and recommending process
improvements that further the bottom line.
In-depth knowledge of financial and valuation modelmg to develop trend analysis
across multiple industries.
Skilled in working effectively with diverse groups at all organizational levels to achieve
common objectives.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

FINANCIAL SERVICES, LLC, Poplar Bluff, MO
Manager, Business Advisory Services Consulting Group

Conducted extensive financial benchmarking and trend analysis of current audit clients.
Assessed operational and business strategies of clients and prospects. ncluding working
capital analysis and process improvements that streamline workflow, improve
operational efficiency and increase financial performance.

Developed cost management analysis, activity-based costing and standardizing costs for
a $200M painting manufacturer.

Performed business assessment of core fimctional processes for an Investment

Bank Venture Capital firm, a shoe manufacturer and a freight forwarder: analyzed and
matched software tomeet each company’s requirements.

TEXTILE ONLINE MARKETS, INC., Poplar Bluff. MO
Intemet Business-to-Business Textile Marketplace
Co-Founder

Developed a complex, innovative business model to offer ventory Management,
Capacity Management, Factoring and Contract Building to the global textile industry.
Created five-year Pro-Forma financials and capitalization valuation structure.
Directed Angel and Venture Capital fmancing initiatives and presentations, secured
initial capitalization of $75K

Hired a 30-year veteran of Clothing Brothers Industries as CEO. Recmited industry

experts to serve as board members and advisors, including a former CEO of High-End
Clothiers and a former president of National Jeans.

Spearheaded business development oppormunities and strategic parmerships with
logistical, fmancial and value-added service vendors.

-continued-