JESSE KENDALL

123 Elm Street + Gulfport, MS 39507 + C: 228-555-5555 « E: jkendall@notrail.corn

DISTRICT BANK MANAGER
RETAIL BANKING OPERATIONS m COMPLIANCE » BANKING SECURITY m INVESTIGATIONS

Proactive operations and management professional with a process-driven, goal-oriented, and results-focused
approach. Progressive leadership and supervisory experience with a history of transforming high-potential staff into
outstanding professionals. Demonstrated commitment to excellence and world-class customer service that aids in
surpassing financial and service objectives. Adept at creating processes and procedures in adherence to corporate
and regulatory requirements.

CAPABILITIES

& Bast Practice Implementation Strategic Planning & Execution @ Employee Development

& Effective Time Management Organization & Prioritization @ Research & Analysis

& Collaborative Teamwork Leadership & Motivation @ Customer Service

Problem Solving @ Regulatory Compliance Team Building
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC BANK 20xx — Present

District Operations Manager i, Gulfport, MS

Manage a team of four Operations Specialists who oversee procedures for 14 branches within the LA metro area,
ensuring sound operations, loss prevention, and overall profitability. Enforce compliance with ABC Bank Service
Advantage Core Valuas.

Key Accomplishments:

* Implemented, communicated, and enforced compliance and loss control procedures. Established communication,
training, and reporting processes to effectively evaluate branch operations and security.

* Reviewed, managed, and reduced miscellaneous losses and teller differences from 165% to 99% in 20xx; targeted
to reduce losses to 70% in 20xx.

* Contributed to the successful retail quality assurance (RQA) reviews. Improved audit pass ratio from 50% to 86%
in 20xx and anticipate a score of 100% in 20xx.

BCD NATIONAL BANK 20xx — 20xx
District Operations Manager, Gulfport, MS

Contributed to driving branch growth and corporate goals. Executed infrastructure and operations initiatives, including
internal and external fraud protection, building maintenance, legal matters, staffing, employee relations, and
community involvement programs.

Key Accomplishments:

* Drove the post-acquisition operational conversion of eight former Downey Savings & Loan Branches; maintained
fully operational systems, including technology, security, and vaults. Delivered basic product training, security, and
operations procedures to new employees.

* Expected to decrease loan exceptions from an average of seven per branch in 20xx to less than one per branch by
the and of 20xx.

* Recipient of Most Improved District and Under Loss Plan Awards in 20xx.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Education: Bachelor of Business Administration, XYZ University, Gulfport, MS, 20xx
Computer. MS Office Suite, Adobe Writer, Hogan
Philanthropy: Ride-On Therapeutic Riding (horseback riding for disabled), Volunteer Dog Therapy