SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Accurate banking professional experienced in cash handling, transaction management and fraud prevention. Promotes bank products and

services to drive revenue generation and customer loyalty. Persuasive in communication and analytical in solving customers’ problems.

SKILLS

e Customer Service

© Staff Management

¢ Honest and Dependable e Check Cashing
« Reliable and Responsible e Fraud Detection

« Attention to Detail
¢ Problem-Solving
¢ Honest and Ethical
« Team Leadership
« Time Management

e Bank Deposits

e Cash Drawer Reconciliation

¢ New Account Setup

e Night and Safe Deposit Procedures
e Loss Prevention

¢ Cash Handling e Vault Monitoring

¢ Relationship Building e Armored Car Deposit Verification
EXPERIENCE
10/2019 to Current Banking Officer/Teller Supervisor II

First Interstate Bancsystem, Inc. — Hood River, OR

e Reported daily averages and shortages to operations department.

e Resolved problems or discrepancies concerning customers’ accounts.

¢ Identified transaction errors when debits and credits did not balance.

e Transmitted orders to supply cash to meet daily needs.

¢ Counted currency, coins and checks received to prepare for deposit or shipment to branch banks or Federal Reserve
Bank.

e Performed special services for customers, ordering bank cards and checks.

e Prepared official checks for customer and internal bank needs.

e Fulfilled diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish ATMs,
maintain accounts and open new accounts.

e Balanced daily cash deposits and vault inventory with zero error rate.

e Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.

¢ Verified transactions involving cashier's checks, money orders and account transfers.

e Managed and balanced cash vault, audits and general ledger accounts.

© Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

¢ Supplied tellers with coin and currency.

¢ Process return mail report on a monthly basis

07/2016 to 10/2019 Financial Services Representative II

First Community Corporation — Easley, SC

¢ Offered sound financial recommendations to promote financial security, moving clients to take action.

e Received and processed deposits, withdrawals and loan payments, keeping financial records up-to-date.

e Maintained friendly front-line coverage by greeting and assisting walk-in customers, promoting good first
impressions with clients.

e Held financial conversations with clients and prospects to determine needs and provide appropriate solutions.

e Established strong and positive working relationships within organization to contribute to team success.

e Engaged in ongoing training and education to acquire knowledge of financial products and services in changing
economic conditions.

e Processed cash, check and credit card payment transactions.

e Provided clients with information on bank accounts, institutional policies, financial products and related services.

* Developed and maintained relationships with customers and assisted in generating sales opportunities.

e Partnered with loan and mortgage officers and financial advisors to provide clients with optimal financial solutions.

¢ Processed loan applications and financial transactions following company procedures.

e Performed cash and check balancing to verify daily and monthly cash accounts for accuracy.

09/2013 to 07/2016 Teller Supervisor

Southern Bank — City, STATE

¢ Supplied tellers with coin and currency.

e Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

© Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

e Maintained optimal financial controls by securing funds and making accurate transactions.

© Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions.

e Verified transactions involving cashier's checks, money orders and account transfers.

Managed and balanced cash vault, audits and general ledger accounts.

e Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.

e Balanced daily cash deposits and vault inventory with zero error rate.

¢ Resolved problems or discrepancies concerning customers’ accounts.

e Counted currency, coins and checks received to prepare for deposit or shipment to branch banks or Federal Reserve
Bank.

e Processed term deposits. retirement savings plan contributions and mail deposits within processing time limits.

03/2000 to 09/2013 Team Lead/Banker

RBC/PNC Bank — City, STATE

¢ Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments and issued cashier's checks.

¢ Performed basic administrative tasks regarding banking products by handling phone calls, inquiries and emails.

¢ Kept teller window areas clean, organized and fully stocked.

e Balanced bank's vault of daily cash for withdrawals and deposits.

¢ Completed monthly audits and managed overdraft reports.

e Performed currency transaction reports for foreign currency.

e Helped customers open and close accounts, apply for loans and make sound financial decisions.

e Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

e Welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction.

¢ Handled daily team scheduling and properly staffed shifts.

e Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional in stressful
situations.

e Assisted tellers with daily activities such as check approval, adding checks, locating errors and resolving member
related questions.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/1991

High School Diploma
North Edgecombe High School - Tarboro, NC