Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Online Banking Specialist Website : vow. qulkresume, com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

To obtain a full-time Online Banking Specialist position that allows me to utilize and develop my
skills as a business professional in product development while allowing me to improve
developrnent processes and create innovative product designs.

SKILLS

Cashing Handling, Customer Service, Call Center:
WORK EXPERIENCE

Online Banking Specialist
ABC Corporation - December 2013 - March 2015

.

Met or exceeded Individual productivity and quality referral goals,

Analyzed and resolved problerns quickly while communicating effectively and documenting
responses,

Provided rernarkable customer service by handling inbound and outbound customer service
calls and offering problern resolution, resolve customer disputes such as late charges, missing
payments and misapplied payments.

Troubleshoot and resolved on-line and mobile banking issues with emphasis on custorner
service.

Ensured cormpliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, and
Comericas policies and procedures.

Ensured cornpliance and completion of necessary cornpliance related training.

Lead OLB tearn Dady during C3 Ironman Carnpaign, créate and design referral games to
promote sales and tearn comradery Accomplishments Member of Recreation Activity
Committee Skills Used Customer service Project Management.

Online Banking Specialist
Delta Corporation - 2008- 2013

.

Administers all electronic banking products including ATM, debit and credit cards, and online
bill-paying services.

Responds to all customer Inquiries regarding the banks electronic banking products,

Have knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular
field.

Rely on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perforrn the functions of the job.
Assisting In downloading banking statements, assisting im downloading for rnac pe, clearing
information inthe browser for Firefox, and setting controls, ;

Helping customers with bank accounts Skills Used Customer Service Problern-Solving
Communication.

PSR3 Leadership Online Banking Departrnent,

EDUCATION

BS

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings