JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Self-motivated banking professional offering strong communication and quick thinking skills. Works effectively on teams, as well as
independently, in fast-paced environments. Consistently positive and friendly Retail Banking Associate committed to reaching business goals.

SKILLS
e Accurate recordkeeping e Organizational skills
¢ Friendly, positive attitude e Multitasking
¢ Reliable and trustworthy ¢ Problem resolution

e Proficient in Microsoft Office
EXPERIENCE

01/2016 to Current Retail Banking Associate
Options Residential, Inc. — Bloomington, MN

e Start Date: January, 2016 End Date: Present

e Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts.

e Cash checks and pay out money after verifying that signatures are correct that written and numerical amounts agree
and that accounts have sufficient funds.

e Receive checks and cash for deposit, verify amounts, and check accuracy of deposit slips.

e Examine checks for endorsements and to verify other information such as dates, bank names, identification of the
person receiving payments.

e Identify transaction mistakes when debits and credits do not balance.

e Prepare and verify cashier's checks.

e Order and sell money to federal reserve.

* Complete documentation for new accounts in alignment with bank policies and procedures.

* Process all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.

e Count cash daily with manual and machine-assisted methods.

e Supply tellers with coin and currency as needed.

e Open new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.

¢ Maintain confidentiality of bank records and client information.

e Recommend additional products, services and benefits for customers.

e Increase knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training classes and
workshops offered to employees.

e Fulfill diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish ATMs, maintain
accounts and open new accounts.

e Conduct special service and account transactions for customers, including ordering checks and placing stop
payment orders.

e Balance daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with zero error rate.

e Research and resolve customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.

05/2008 to 12/2018 Waitress/Shift Manager
Amita Health — Nashville, TN

e Start Date: May, 2008 End Date: December, 2018

e Maintained a environment positive for customer service

e Provided leadership to team during a shift

¢ Communicated with management of day to day operations

¢ Served food and beverages to customers

e Recorded weekly product inventory

¢ Counted cash register through out shift to ensure accuracy

e Directed employees through their daily routines, mentored and training new employees

¢ Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.

e Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.

e Answered phone inquiries, recorded takeout and delivery orders and respond to service questions.

e Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management
for resolution.

e Educated guests on daily specials and appetizers, entrees, desserts and other menu items.

e Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu
options.

¢ Completed thorough and accurate opening and closing duties to facilitate smooth restaurant operations.

06/2014 to 07/2016 Personal Care Assistant
Foundations Group Of MN — City, STATE

e Start Date: June, 2014 End Date: July, 2016

e Played games with client, doing outdoor activities, reading books.

e Transported clients to complete required tasks such as medical appointments, recreational activities and grocery
shopping.

e Engaged with patients and families, providing emotional support and instruction in preparing healthy meals,
independent living skills and adaptation to disability or illness.

¢ Helped clients maintain daily living standards by assisting with personal hygiene needs.

e Performed light housekeeping duties such as, making beds, laundry. sweeping floors and sanitizing surfaces.

e Built strong and trusting rapport with clients and loved ones.

10/2014 to 04/2015 Cashier
Fleet Farm — City, STATE
e Start Date: October, 2014 End Date: April, 2015
e Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.
© Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.
e Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.
e Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find necessary store items.
¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
05/2010 High School Diploma: General

Cambridge Isanti High School - Cambridge, MN
05/2022 Associate of Arts: Business

Anoka Ramsey Community College - Cambridge, MN
ACTIVITIES AND Honors

FFC Certified