Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Strategic, highly analytical, and Insightful Senior Manager with over 10 years experience directing and improving operations through
effective employee motivational strategies and strong policy enforcement. Proficient in best practices, market trends and regulatory
requirements of industry operations. Talented leader with analytical approach to business planning and day-to-day problem-solving.

Skills
¢ Staff Management & Leadership ¢ Internal Audit Administration
¢ Personnel Management *« Compliance Management
e Business Development Expertise ¢ Innovative Thinking
e Organizational Leadership e Financial Management
e Revenue Management e Business Controls
¢ Data Management ¢ Policies And Procedures
¢ Strategic Planning ¢ People Management
e Performance Evaluation * Evaluation
¢ Research & evaluation e Risk Management
¢ Conflict Resolution e Customer Experience
¢ Time Management ¢ Professional Relationships
¢ PeopleSoft Expert e Management
e Risk Assessment ¢ Highly Organized
e Internal Controls ¢ Operational Excellence

¢ Compliance Monitoring
Work History

Banking Manager II, 01/2018 to Current
Always Best Care — Franklin, WI
¢ Establishes and manage goals for DCSS Banking Unit that will enhance and support statewide performance within DCSS
Program.
e Expand cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and common goals.
e Manage financial statistics and other accounting data to develop fiscal impact projections.
e Represents financial interests of DCSS for State in accounting-related interactions/negotiations with other parties, such as
vendors and external stakeholders.
¢ Manage and file Site Visits reports quarterly to ensure proper Internal Control were maintained in all of assigned Local Offices.
e Inform Executive Leadership Team of current activities and progress with investigations.
e Consistently maintained 100% disbursement rate for over 3years
e Recommends and implements policies and procedures.
e Directs subordinate managers and staff.
¢ Provides some direction and influence on agency policy.
e Ensure leadership across multiple units, department, and/or regions.
¢ Communicates administrative priorities around data warehouse, position reconciliation, and support of enterprise-level
trainings and initiatives.

e Performs other professional responsibilities as assigned.

CLIENT CARE SUPERVISOR, 01/2013 to 01/2017
STATE OF GEORGIA-DBHDD COMMUNITY SERVICE BOARD - City, STATE

e Redesign and modify policies and programs for productive Effectiveness and Efficiency.

e Supervise day to day operation of Outpatient Clinic, including Revenue management, quality assurance, billing, team
satisfaction and facility maintenance.

¢ Manage all current data files for use in tracking goals and productivity.

¢ Oversee 3 Psychiatrists, 1 NP, 17 FTE, 4 PTE and 2 Interns.

e Provide daily guidance, advice and assistance to Clinical Staff, Administrative Staff, potential employees and new hires.

¢ Assist with developing and implementing departmental policies and procedures as needed.

e Supervise all department activities to ensure availability of appropriate clinical and support staff for Outpatient care and
ensuring necessary compliance.

e Provide orientation and training for new Staff and work with Human Resources to recruit and select new Staff for both Carroll
and Heard County Clinic.

¢ Proactively and effectively communicate with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set standards.

¢ Responsible for evaluating both clinical and non-clinical support staff performance on quarterly basis and provide timely
performance coaching when needed.

e Consults with QA team monthly to re-access services with performance surveys and offer recommendations based on research
findings and product performance.

¢ Assist QA with monthly project team meetings and expert advice regarding transition planning and activities.

¢ Implement Corrective Action Plan, such as mentoring, warning and if needed recommend further action to HR Director.

¢ Resolve employment-related disputes and peer conflicts through proactive communication styles.

e Created company's first employee manual including training and development.

e Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on HRMS database.

e Streamlined and improved program operational processes by creating effective corrective action plans.

¢ Coordinated statistical data analysis, design, and information flow.

¢ Developed database objects, including tables, views and materialized views using SPSS.

HEAD TELLER/BRANCH SPECIALIST, 01/2002 to 01/2009
IBM Southeast Employees Federal Credit Union — City, STATE
¢ Supervised/trained tellers, developed strategic alliances, and solicited business accounts.
¢ Audited branches monthly, supervised daily operations,
¢ Opened/closed branch, secured vault, and maintained daily Automated Teller Machine.
¢ Managed and coordinated daily banking activities.
e¢ ACH authorizations, credit card reconciliations, deposit transfers, bank reversal requests, fees and journal entries.
¢ Reconciled weekly debit card transactions, disbursements, research/correction of disbursement errors & reversals.
e Assessed employee performance and developed improvement plans.
¢ Resolved escalated customer issues within timeframes
¢ Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks.
¢ Gathered and reviewed customer feedback to improve operations.
* Motivated staff to exceed quotas on regular basis.
e Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques.
¢ Assisted customers with setting up or closing accounts, completing loan applications and signing up for new services
¢ Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working
environment
¢ Increased overall annual sales 400% by implementing several quality improvements within branches
¢ Increased branch's profits by 200% annually.
¢ Consistently exceeded both branch and individual’s goals monthly
¢ Replenished ATM funds in empty canisters prior to validation process
¢ Executed wire transfers, stop payments and account transfers
e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic
¢ Won quarterly Employee Excellence Award multiple times.

Education

Master of Science: Organizational Leadership, 12/2016
Brenau University - Gainesville, GA

Bachelor of Arts: Sociology, 05/2013
Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA

Associate of Science: Business Administration, 12/2007
Atlanta Metropolitan State College - Atlanta, GA