Name, MS
City, State
name@gmail.com ¢ 555.555.5555 @ linkedin.com/in/your-profile

Proven Vice President: Equity Electronic Trading, Fintech, Bitcoin, Blockchain, System Architecture/Infrastructiire, DevOp

Self-directed and driven technology executive with comprehensive accomplishments leading financial trading architecture,
software development, DevOps, Fintech, project management, and 100+ cross-functional teams to achieVe.goals.\An
innovative thinker with strong financial services, digital asset, and emerging technology acumen. Demonstratedsuccess in
developing and executing plans in complex, fast-paced, regulated industries. Recognized for implementing project
management through analysis of the details to ensure project delivery, quality control, and legacy’system, transformation.
Highly organized, creative problem-solver who excels at guiding teams through challenging projects. Expertise includes
managing multimillion-dollar contracts, budgets, product development, and advising C-level executives.

* Digital Asset, Electronic Trading « Bitcoin, Cryptocurrency Mining * Blockchain Enterprise. Afchitecture © FIX Protocol «
Financial Order Management, Market Data, Messaging ¢ Colocation Infrastructure * High. Performance Computing « C/C++
* Exchange Connectivity * Vendor, Production Management « Matching Engine * Financial Services * FinTech « Trade
Systems © Software Development Life Cycle SDLC « Technology bie, Yas * Recceenne * Project, People, Vendor
Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Fidelity Investments, Boston, MA 2001-Present
A financial services corporation providing asset managemenf'services with $3T in revenue and 50,000 employees.
Vice President, Fidelity Center for Applied Technology, 2018-Present

* Oversee 20+ software developers, hardware engineers, DevOps, and project managers creating an electronic digital asset
exchange for bitcoin and equities, levefaging the blockchain.

* Managed, designed, and executed,collocated Al-enabled equity trading platform leveraging best-in-class networks,
switching, servers, and FPGA hardware for decision processing, trade execution, and delivery of market data.

* Enable institutional investors to get the Best deal buying or selling bitcoin from over-the-counter (OTC) trading desks.

* Empower Fidelity DigitalAssets to grow clients, such as hedge funds, family offices, investment advisors, and pension funds.

Architect, Electronic Trading, Fidelity Capital Markets, 2012-2018

* Created software and Infrastructure architecture for the high frequency, low latency trading platform proximity collocated
with the major matchingengines, dark pools, and public exchanges.

« Empoweéred)brokers to react to market events faster than the competition, by a few milliseconds, with a goal of imereasing
the profitability oftrades by developing proprietary algorithmic trading.

* Managed’a $10M budget for building tech platforms, discretionary tools, systems, servers, software, and Servicéproviders.

Chief Architect, Colt Technology Services, Hong Kong, 2011-2012

® Transferred by Fidelity to their Colt subsidiary to lead the acquisition and integration of Market Prizm, a low-latency market
data service providing feeds for equities, derivatives, commodities, and 50 foreign exchanges FX and liquidity venues.

* Managed 50 developers and engineers in building next-generation financial market data technology from sources such as
stock exchange feeds, brokers dealer desks, or SEC regulatory filings.

* Incorporate pre-trade data such as bid/ask data necessary to price assets and .post-trade data such as the last trade price.

Director, Emerging Technology Research, Center for Applied Technology, 2008-2011

® Led the Center for Applied Technology, Fidelity’s advanced R&D technologygroup responsible for researching, reporting,
and piloting emerging technology that can be leveraged thought the enterprise?

® Designed and implemented successful projects, including hardware-accelerated market data, mobile phone applications,
and next-generation computer platform using cloud and virtualization.

* Drove innovative change across the enterprise by presenting solutions.and white papers to senior management, divisional
President's and the Chairman of the board.

Specialist, Technology Development, 2001-2008

© Senior software engineer and architect for Fidelity investments’ Active Trader Pro platform.
* Retained to develop direct trading components, streaming market data adapters, and overall technical architecture.

Technology Consultant, Boston, MA 1990-2000

® Managed technology projects for Thomsor Financial, |ron Mountain, UPS, Reuters, ProCD, ValueQuest, CEG Systems, and
RemRoll Systems.

EDUCATION

MS, Master. of Science, Science Technology Leadership, Brown University, 2018
BA, Bachelor of Arts),Psychology, Boston University, 1988

PATENTS

Generating and Deploying Customized Software Containers, U.S. Patent 10,628,599
Peer-to-Peer Decentralized Distributed Data Structure and Token Exchange Apparatuses, Methods Systems, U.S. Patent
16,389,875