ASHTON RYDER

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

Summary

Accomplished Salesperson with superior work ethic and creative revenue generation ideas, Offers 10+ years
experience in diverse sales environments including lawn equipment and clothing. Able to work independently
and exceed sales goals consistently,

Highlights

* Outgoing people person « Business development

* Customer service mindset « Key relationship management

« Proficient salesperson « Exceptional networker and negotiator

e Revenue generation ideas * Consultative seller

* Marketing and merchandising « Discerning eye for detail

Experience

Salesperson 10/2010 to Current
Williams Garden Center New Cityland, CA

e Primarily sell lawn equipment such as riding lawn mowers.

Maintain thorough and updated knowledge of equipment and product offerings as well as promotions.
Explain equipment operation, maintenance details, and special tips for use.

Upsell warranties and accessories consistently to maximize revenue opportunities.

Network effectively with customers, increasing referrals by 20% over three years.

Earned three Top Seller recognitions for exceeding sales goals.

Salesperson 02/2007 to 09/2010

Men's Depot New Cityland, CA
e Observed customers and listened closely to questions to ascertain best clothing options and made

recommendations accordingly.

Assisted customers with trying on items and brought additional items as requested.

Suggested accessories and matching clothes to increase purchases.

Kept clothing racks neatly organized and fully stocked.

Merchandised sales racks to increase customer engagement and store revenue.

Placed special orders for out of stock items or unique sizes.

Salesperson 08/2003 to 01/2007
Moody's Clothing New Cityland, CA
* Greeted every customer with a smile, friendly conversation, and offer of assistance to enhance customer

experience and buying opportunities.

Presented flattering items based on customer preferences.

Answered questions regarding promotions and clothing items.

Monitored trends and provided information to customers to maximize purchases.

Cleaned and organized Salesfloor frequently to present optimal buying environment to customers.