FIRST NAME LAST
NAME

P.O. Box © City © Zip ¢ Direct Line * Email

PROFILE

CONSTRUCTION MANAGER * PROJECT MANAGER * CONTRACT ADMINISTRATOR * SCHEDULER
CONSTRUCTION PLANNER * SITE SUPERINTENDENT # PROJECT DIRECTOR * ESTIMATOR
SUBCONTRACT COORDINATOR * TECHNOLOGIST

Quality-driven and detail-focused construction ist offering a career-long record of securing and managing
pn projects, attracting prominent clients contracts, and delivering 7-figure revenue gains. in-depth

and hands-on knowledge of design build concepts, construction management, and general contracting; added
expertise in roofing, metal siding, air and vapour barriers, and the general study of the building envelope in
harsh and extreme weather conditions, Role-model a devout commitment to a pristine environment as
evidenced by maintaining extremely clean and tidy job sites. A troubleshooter able to turn around troubled
projects to meet challenging goals and objectives.

An extremely-informative communicator who quickly earns the trust, confidence, and respect of architects, site
inspectors, safety inspectors, building owners, engineers, designers, and key decision-makers. Deemed a “go-to
resource" by vast client base across the power, utility, education, mining, telecommunications, and federal /
provincial / territorial / municipal government sectors for industry-relevant opinions on repair vs, replace,
technical building conditions, and budgeting. Highly organized, himticee meyerrnr nr and industrious; parlay a
ine interest in earning a client's loyalty by embodying a cost-conscious approach in delivering savings and
ing the very best job possible. Receptive to the prospect of relocation. Core Strengths include:

Client Relationship-Building, Loyalty & Retention © Building Code, Environmental, & Regulatory Compliance
Construction Methodol * HVAC Systems « Competitive Bidding & Contract Awarding
Cross-Selling/Up-Selling/Value-Added Business-Building * Electronic Controls & Sensors

CAREER EXPERIENCE

Company Name « Title ... Date
Fou this organization to apply integrity-focused expertise in construction to serve the industrial,
commercial, institutional, and residential construction sectors, Key Achievements:

e Joint-ventured with a large City Name-based industrial / commercial roofing and metal siding firm to expand

—_ fry cna into the previously-untapped Territories area. Secured about £5 million in extra revenues after
ly 4.5 years.

Captured numerous key accounts throughout tenure, including - but not limited to - the Government of the
Province (in particular prea Tourism & investment), Company Names collectively valued at $1.7 million.

* Repeatedly ers a loyal client following as exemplified by some clients retaining Company's service offerings
as many as 18 times.

© Beat out 2 worthy competitors to land a 7-figure design build contract at Company Names - a he.
equi t shop used for the maintenance and storage of heavy construction equipment (e.g., rane
bulldozers, | rs, and trucks); led an 8-person construction and subcontracting crew to complete this
ambitious project on schedule - despite its remote location and harsh climate.

© Served an 8-year term on the Board of Directors of the Construction Association.

* Continue to uphold outstanding safety record with the WSCC (formerly the WC8) with fewer than 3 on-the-
job accidents in Company's 25-year history.

* Consistently maintain a litigation-free record based on passion for high quality and commitment to top

management practices.
EDUCATION
Completed the following professional enhancement subject matter:
* R2000 Building Course * WSCC Mould Awareness
* WSCC Safety Awareness © WSCC Asbestos Awareness

College Name, City * Diploma Name