. 225 Rd.

John Smith City, State 00000
Phone: (222) 222-2222

Email: emall@address.com

MULTI-FAMILY CONSTRUCTION SITE SUPERVISOR

Offering more than 10 years of experience in the home building construction industry. with more than 3 years of
experience as a multi-family construction site a Experience includes safety and quality control,
Responsible for directing, scheduling and —— ors. Proficient at ing for and obtaining
necessary permits. Extensive know ieee i in fire, dev Son bel building, electrical, i peal ing and gas codes. Adept
at writing project plans, reports, and documentation. Proven record of success completing projects on time and
under budget. Specialty in concrete work and grading.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE AND CORE STRENGTHS

. —— Assessing Blucprints © Comerete Grading

* Budget Management ¢ Dry Wall Installation

© Scheduling and Coordinating Subcontractors ® Power Tool Maintenance

© Quality Assurance and Comtrol © Truck and Equipment Maintenance
¢ Time Management © Demolition, On-Site Experience

© Knowledge in Permits and Codes © Plumbing. On-Site Experience

CAREER HISTORY

MacMillan Construction, Turner Valley, AB
Construction Site Consultant and Acting Gencral Contractor...Nov. 2009-Present

Supervising and dicorimy 0 all activities of Calgary's inner city home construction project sites with carpenters,
electricians, are bers and concrete finishers, Most recently completed house valued at $2.7 million, and current
work on duplexes, estimated at $650,000 per side.

© Hired and supervised subcottractors as needed, scheduled inspectors, worked effectively within strict
budgets, and drove productivity,
© Ensure compliance with local building codes, permit requirements, and safety regulations.

Trico Homes, © vy. AB
Site Supervisor... Feb. 2007-Oct. 2009

Supervised a 64-unit nyulti-family town homes construction site, worth $70 million, in Cochrane, AB.

© Directed, coordinated and scheduled activities of 40 to 50 construction trade workers.

¢ Conferred with staf¥ and workers to ensure production and personnel problems were resolved pronyptly.

¢ Examined and inspected work progress, equipment and construction sites to verify safety and ensure that
Specifications were to stanlards.

© Adept at reading specifications, such as blueprints and data, to determine construction requirements.

Calvanna Developments, Calgary, AB
Site Superintendent,..Jan, 2005-Jan, 2007

Supervised a $37-million. [44-unit multi-family site to a in Okotoks, AB. Also supervised two
concurrent multi-family site projects in Canmore, AB: a 2 it building complex, worth $200 million: and a
60-unit town homes site, worth $40 million,

Studied job specifications, such as blueprints and data, to plan and approve construction of

Planned, organized, and directed activities concerned with construction and maintenance of structures,
facilities, and systems.

Scheduled and dispatched workers to construction sites, pertaining to specified tasks.

Inspected and reviewed construction work and repair projects to ensure work conforms 10 specifications.
Formulated reports conceming such areas as work progress, costs, budget, and scheduling,

Ensured compliance with local building codes, permit requirements and safety regulations.