MILLY ELLISON

27 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England B3 2EW | | C: 07956 654 32 | example-email@example.com

SUMMARY

Dependable and hard-working Construction Labourer with more than seven years in the
construction industry. Excels in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly
and efficiently. Safely operates and manoeuvers a diverse range of heavy duty construction
equipment.

HIGHLIGHTS
e Plumbing e Exceptional problem solver
« Carpentry expertise e Blueprint reading
« Accurate measurements and e Construction machinery
estimates operation
e Residential construction e Strong communication skills
e Demolition e Excellent driving record
EXPERIENCE

04/2012 to Current Construction Laborer

Carter Construction — New Cityland, CA
Complete indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction
projects.
Install and repair roofs, flashings, and surfaces.
Remove old roofing materials in an efficient manner.
Perform heavy labor such as ditch digging, paving, and hauling.
Mentor junior team members, providing guidance on proper
techniques and safety.
e Repair, rebuild, and install tile, brick, and stone surfaces.

06/2009 to 03/2012 Construction Laborer
P Line Construction — New Cityland, CA

Mixed mortar, plaster, and grout according to standard formulas.

« Continually cleaned work areas and equipment.

« Swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new
roofing materials.

« Cut materials to specified sizes for installation using power saws and tile
cutters.

e Painted walls, exteriors, and interiors of buildings and furniture using
brushes, rollers, and spray guns.

e Hoisted tar and roofing materials onto roofs.

09/2006 to 05/2009 Construction Laborer
Hankins Construction and Demolition Company — New Cityland, CA
e Erected, repaired, and wrecked buildings and bridges as part of large
crew.
e Built and disassembled scaffolds, bracing, and barricades.
« Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough
and finish carpentry.
« Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.
Caulked pipe joints to properly seal them.
« Transported materials, tools, and machines to job sites.