ROBERT SMITH
Construction Project Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Experienced with AutoCAD, ArcGIS, Site manager, ProjectWise, and Microsoft Office. Know
construction well having worked in trades and in project management. Completed design projects
in steel and concrete strictures, watenwastewater systems, and traffic engineering. Works well as
an individual or in a team atmosphere.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Estimating, Scheduling, Drafting, Land Surveying, Construction.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Construction Project Engineer
Midwest Mole Inc - August 2014 ~ May 2020

ee! Deliverables:
Directly reporting to the project managers for vanious projects.
» Managed change oners, tracking field production, and contract administration,
* Responsible for communicating with vendors and suppliers.
* Managed the job site office,
» Assisted the project managers with various ongoing projects and submittals,
» Source and solicil suppliers for materials and equipment needed on-site.
» Ensured project compliance with requested specifications.

Construction Project Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2011 ~ 2014

was Deliverables:

Resident Engineer responsible for haavy highway construction projects administration.

» Provided site supervision and fied engineering ona diverse range of commercial highway
construction, demolition, and infrastructure projects.

« Managing and supervising fieki construction Reviewing and processing submittals and
RFls for projects Updating As- Built drawings Conducting,

= Supervised QA/OC and Punch list items Developed the Green Globe coversheet attached
to all relevant submittals Devised monthly updates regarding.

» Demonstrated a team-based approach by participating in company Wellness Committee,
Participating in various company-wide sponsored activitias such as,

* Coordinated with clients and suppliers for various project tasks:

« Maintained project files, inspections, permits, pian Drafts, and distribute technical reports
across upper-manage ment;

EDUCATION

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines