Robert Smith

Home Builder

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Secure an entry-level Home Builder position with utilizing skills described
below, Looking to make a long-term commitment to an employer and earn
Increased responsibility.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Home Builder
ABC Corporation- March 2007 - January 2009

Re sponsibilities:

Built custorn homes from start to finish.

Cornpleted teardown of existing structures and prepared for new
construction.

Dug trenches, backfilled holes, and compacted earth to prepare for new
construction.

Provided accurate measurements and estimates for all projects.
Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended
hours to meet project deadlines,

Monitored Inventory and reported iterns to be restocked for each job.
Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.

Home Builder
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2007

Responsibilities:

Frarne up houses and decks etc.

Selection Coordinator Creatively managed 30 homes consistently during
design phase Sold horneowners on major upgrades increasing builder
profit .

Participated in the building and construction of all ongoing commercial
and residential projects.Ox0a Helped plan and schedule bulld times
and.

Accomplish construction objectives by selecting, assigning and
scheduling sub contractors while communicating job ,

Inspect work in progress to ensure that workmanship conforms to
specifications.

Adherence to construction schedules,

Establish and maintain an effective and professional onsite working
relationship with sales staff, inspectors, hormeowners and sub
contractors,

Education
High School Diploma - (Clinton high School - Clinton, IL)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Management Skills, MS

Office, Building Skills,
Interpersonal Skills,

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)