Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Construction Field Engineer Website ; woww.quikresuims,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

As a Construction Field Engineer, responsible for Attending construction project meetings as
required to participate and understand execution responsibilities for adhering to and promoting
safe work practices.

SKILLS

Coordinating Skills, Project Management Skills, Good Cornrnunication Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Construction Field Engineer
ABC Corporation - January 2014- 2015

.

Completed docurnent review, processing, and closure of nuclear module travelers under
guidelines of the NQA-1 prograrn.

Coordinated internally with other execution disciplines and external suppliers both within the
company and NRC prescribed policies, procedures, and/or direction frorn the Construction
Fleld Engineering Manager,

Gathered approved required documents and information to support the successful completion
of relevant construction activities/requirements,

Responsible for adhering to and promoting safe work practices (Safety Conscious Work
Environment) Review Shop Assernbly Packages to verify all cormponents for the bulld have
been properly utilized while maintaining traceability and compliance.

Created Fabrication Change Notices for corrections on detail drawing and/or design errors that
did not become evident until building,

Duties Included the production of construction sequenced work packaging, scheduling, and
monitoring of a Hitachi 990 MW Supercritical Boller erection and testing.

Evaluated vendors and contractors requesting to bid on-site developrnent work Shaw
Environmental &arnp; infrastructure, Maywood, New Jersey FUSRAP Maywood Superfund Site
United States Arrny Corps of Engineers (USACE),

Construction Field Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2014

.

“* ©

Supervised and coordinated field activities on multi-million dollar carmmercial construction
projects.

Duties Included scheduling contractors, quality control, field engineering (basic surveying and
layout), and reviewing detailed blueprints and.

Interceded for an employer In contract disputes with subcontractors.

Well versed in modern construction methods, processes, and equipment.

Support production by clarifying or correcting drawings, work instructions, and procedures.
Initlating and creating dispositions to NCRs Creating work Instructions Writing and subrnitting
RFls to the customer Working with Quality Control, .

Duties also included writing dispositions to NCRs, making redline modifications to shop
drawings, writing, and/or modifying fabrication Instructions, ;

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings