Dedicated construction superintendent seeking to improve efficiency and profitability for Toll Wi | | iam

Brothers construction. Delivered 98% on-time completion of jobs at Jandreau Construction. Cut

safety incidents by 90% per year with BBS Safety Program. Delivered fast, defect-free work. Marti nezZ
Experience Construction Manager
2016-08 - Construction Superintendent
: P Personal Info
2017-09 Jandreau Brothers Construction
¢ Worked with the Project Manager to supervise, manage, and coordinate all Phone
work on projects, including subcontractors and laborers. 646-600-2505

Kept all jobs on schedule. Installed new real-time labor inventory system that E-mail

increased on-time-completion of projects to 98%. billfmartinez@gmail.com

« Made sure materials and equipment were delivered to the site on time.
LinkedIn

linkedin.com/in/billfmartinez

Supervised on-site work to ensure efficiency and quality.

implemented Behavior Based Safety plans with all employees. Cut safety

incidents by 90% per year in just one year's time. Twitter
. twitter.com/billfmartinez
2011-06 - Construction Worker
2016-07 Muller Construction Soft Skills

* Performed construction duties and responsibilities in a fast paced construction
firm, including painting, flooring, framing, cabinetry, and drywall. Leadership
* Maintained safe work status with zero accidents for five years.

¢« Worked to company specs 99.9% free of all defects.

¢ Performed work to schedule with 98% on-time status. Time Management
2010-06 - Other Construction Experience
2011-05 Various Positions

* Operated Skid Steer as part of daily work in fast-paced landscaping business. Interpersonal

¢ Assisted with installation of new parking lot in a hotel front office job.

« Worked as temp construction laborer for Temp to Hire Labor Pool.

¢« Worked as construction helper for Takacs and Son Construction, Inc. Communication
Education
: Organization
2007 - BA, Guttman Community College, NY
2010 ¢« Pursued a passion for business administration classes.

Advanced
« Avid baseball team player, four years.

; Problem Solvin
* As peer mentor, provided guidance to disadvantaged students. g

* Worked on college custodial staff on weekends and breaks.
Advanced

Additional Activities

Hard Skills

* Regular construction laborer volunteer, Habitat for Humanity.
Scheduling

« Local part-time youth pastor.

¢« Remodeled home kitchen with own tools.

« Diagnosed neighbor's reverse-stack HVAC issue. Fixed the problem with

enhanced insulation to stop air flow from attic. OSHA Compliance

Licensing

CDL License.
Basic First Aid & CPR.

Managing Worksites
Courses

a ea ; = Advanced
ClickSafety 10-Hour OSHA Construction Safety Class.