Miles Fleming

14 Tottenham Court Road. London, England WIT IJY
Cell; 07956 654 32
example-email@example.com

Summary

Seasoned General Contractor versed in on-site construction supervision. Innate ability to lead diverse teams,
including union and non-union shops. Efficient manager who effectively completes projects on time and within
budget. Skilled at compensating for unforeseen deadline obstacles.

Highlights

e Concrete estimation ¢ Power and hand tool operation
e Permit processing « Residential construction specialist
* Baseline schedules creation « Superb management skills
e Organised and detail-orientated e Project budgeting
« Building codes and regulations « Cost control
Experience
Oak Construction August 2009 to Current

General Contractor / Construction Manager

London, England

Oversee resolution of all issues during project construction and commissioning phases.
Qualify competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.

Carefully coordinate plans and specs to keep projects running smoothly.

Facilitate processing of RFI's, submittals, and samples among the general contractor, subcontractors,
owner, and the owner's consultants.

Educate sub contractors on quality standards throughout the construction process,

Obtain notices of completion and compliance certifications from construction administrators.
Efficiently record and reject incorrect deliveries of material to site.

Review and investigate Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR),

Southside Construction Company May 2004 to July 2009
General Contractor / Construction Manager

Birmingham, England

Led the planning, budgeting, and direction of all construction projects.

Properly maintained all onsite equipment and vehicles.

Supervised training for workers on site-specific requirements, techniques, and procedures.

Worked with company safety representatives to promote understanding of safety protocols.
Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all onsite issues.

Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.

Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits.

Education

ITT Technical Institute 2004
Bachelor of Science: Construction Management
Cardiff, Roath

Certifications and Licenses
Fully licensed and bonded as General Contractor in the UK