ALAN STEVENS

GENERAL LABORER RESUME

Career Summary

A quick learner who ts physically strong and able to work on any
building, highway and heavy construction site. Alan has a positive
attitude and is confident that he can assist experienced trades
people in a high pressurized environment that involves hands on
work, He is safety conscious and able to fully concentrate on tasks,
he can also understand and communicate information well. He is
available for immediate start, and ts currently looking fora
suitable general labouring position with a well established

company.

Academic Qualifications

Coventry North College 2011-2012
Diploma in Building & Construction Pass
Birmingham South High School 2008 - 2011
Maths Pass
English Pass
Geography Pass
Physics Pass
Business Studies Pass
Physical Education Pass

Labouring skills acquired whilst studying

Knowledge of mixing plaster, mortar and HOD carrying.
Using breakers, jack hammers and other plant machinery.
Driving site van for distribution of waste materials.

Using floats, trowels, screeds, or powered cement finishing
tools to smooth and finish freshly poured cement or concrete.
Operating jackhammers and drills to break up concrete or
pavement.

Working in flood damaged domestic & commercial buildings.
Shovelling cement and other materials into portable cement
mixers.

Looking after, maintaining and cleaning specialist
construction machinery, equipment, and tools.

Controlling traffic in and out of a construction site.

Using picks and shovels to dig holes, ditches and trenches.
installing sewer and storm drain pipes.

Key skills

KNOWLEDGE OF

© = Landscaping © ~=Block paving
e Demolition work e Scaffolding
© = 6Bricklaying e = =©Floor laying
¢ House renovations © = Plastering

KEY COMPETENCIES

Physically fit and able to lift heavy loads.

© Willing to work weekends as well as travel and
stay overnight in different locations.

© Able to start at 6.30am and able to commit toa
long day.
Can work in all kinds of weather.

© Alot of physical strength, superb hand-eye
coordination and high endurance levels.

PERSONAL SKILLS

® Canwork as part of a team or on own initiative.

® Able to communicate well with colleagues and
managers.

® Highly disciplined and able to follow instructions.

© Agood attitude to health and safety.

SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS

© «Trained in removing lead, asbestos and other
hazardous materials.

Possessing a valid CSCS or CPCScard.
Passed a course Bullding site safety.
IT skilled and able to use technical equipment.

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS

Alan likes to keep physically fit and does this by
regularly going to the gym. He also enjoys playing
team sports and is the captain of his local pub
soccer team. He relaxes by going to the cinema
watching the latest science fiction releases.

REFERENCES
Available on request.

CONTACT DETAILS