Conner Construction
0000 Stand Avenue ¢ North Boston, MA 00000 © (000) 000-0000
Conner.construction@prodigy.net

OBJECTIVE

A position in Construction Management

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Over 10 years experience working with and supervising diverse engineer and construction crews
with varied backgrounds, cultures, educational levels and nationalitics. A skilled worker /
supervisor with knowledge in logistics, project planning, and program development maintaining
a 100% safe working environment. Extremely flexible and adaptable to change mecting all
goals, and standards set by management. Additional skills, education, and training include:

Research: OSHA / EFA Standards Problem Solving / Decision Making

Safety / Risk Assessment Construction Site Preparation

Work / Project Analysis Team / Crew Development

Maintenance Operaticns Time/ Material Estimates

Inventory Control « HAZMAT 29 CFR 1910.120 (12/90) «+ Terrain Analysis
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Construction Operations Manager — U.S. Army 2008 — Present

¢ Oversaw construction site layout and the building of 4 Medical clinics using Royal Building
Systems in the Country Nicaragua. Oversaw grading and fill construction of basic road
network to the job-site.

¢ Rescarched and applicd OSHA and EPA standards for construction and ensured all standards
were met during the Nicaragua project.

e Trained 2,000 government workers in Landmine Safety prior to deployment to Bosnia.

¢ Developed / Evaluated Training Assessment for an organization of 1,000 government
workers both engineer and support personnel in 4 separate government departments.

* Conducted Performance Analysis of Engineering operations.

Construction and Maintenance Manager ~ U.S. Army 2005 — 2008

¢ Read specificatiors data to determine work estimates.
Examined, inspected and evaluated work progress, equipment and construction sites to
ensure safety guidelines were adhered to and that constructions plans were followed.

e Supervised basic maintenance on a flect of 6 heavy wheeled and 6 heavy tracked vehicles
resulting in 90% cperational readiness rating.