JOHN DOE

Schlotheim, CV

Construction Worker

Experienced and driven Construction Worker. Proven track record of successfully working as part of a team for
multi-million dollar building projects. Bringing forth the ability to lift heavy objects, and operate many different
types of machinery used in the building process. Experienced in building codes and regulations, as well as safe
working practices. A devoted worker ready to utilize my expertise.

KEY SKILLS

Advanced Carpentry Skills

Physical Fitness and Stamina

Safe Working Skills

Knowledge of Power Tools and Hand Tools

Blueprint Reading Skills

Mathematical Skills

ACHIEVEMENTS

Commercial demolition
Sep 2014

I was responsible for metal structural
framework, VCT tile work, and door settings.
Constructed, installed, and repaired different
types of structures and fixtures of wood,
plywood, and wallboard using carpenter's
hand tools and power tools.

Build the world largest high rise

Worked in modular units with teams of project
managers, framers, plumbers, electricians,
roofers, and finish carpenters involved with all
aspects of construction including carpentry,
demolition, interior, and exterior painting,
waterproofing, and roofing.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Construction Worker
Landon Building Associates | Austin, US

Jul 2013 - Aug 2019
e Worked within teams to achieve success on several building
projects, including commercial and residential structures.

e Utilized my skills and knowledge of hand and power tools to
design and build.

e Followed blueprints and models accordingly.
e Dug trenches, and compacted dirt in preparation of jobs.

e Used safe working practices at all times, and adhered to
company guidelines.

e Worked to please the client and aimed to achieve 100%
client satisfaction.

Construction Worker
Salvatore Family Architects | Virginia City, US
Apr 2008 - Jun 2013

e Cleaned and prepared construction sites prior to the start of
a job.

e Assisted machine operators, using safety practices.

e Safely used explosives to demolish existing structures.

e Mixed and poured even cement floors.

e Operated a variety of large powered machinery including
drills, grinders, saws, blowtorches, and jackhammers.

e Loaded and unloaded building materials and machinery for
jobs.

EDUCATION