Michele Zuffi

Construction Executive/Project Executive
City, State 000-000-0000 emalli@emeil.com

Summary

19 years of diverse general management, operations, construction, finance, sales, and marketing experience with regional and
national real estate development, construction, and professional service firms. Civil Engineer M_B.A with distinction particular
expertise in, real estate development, operations, land acquisitions, management, strategy, construction, sales, marketing, and
leasing. Financial planning, capital investment budgeting, and pricing. Strategic planning, business development, and market
analysis. Recruiting, training, mentoring, and management of interdisciplinary teams.

Work experience
2016-12 - Present

2014-01 - 2016-11

2006-10 - 2013-09

2003-01 - 2006-10

Education
2000 - 2002

Skills
Project Management
Business Development

Project Executive

Fluor Corp

* Lead all aspects of construction for a $55 million internet data center.

© Deliver fast-track projects on time, within the budget, and of the highest quality for the
largest client that is the number one internet data center provider in the world,

* Oversee and support construction, scheduling, accounting, billing, finance, legal, project
management systems, and project managers.

Project Executive
Turner Construction
* Managed and led a $925 million design/build resort/retail/gaming expansion.
© The Project included a 922 key four-star hotel, specialty venues by House of Blues as
well as a state-of-the-art spa, fine dining, and retail spaces.

Project Executive
Skanska
* Managed and led four direct and teams of several hundred indirect reports on a $750
million design/build the pharmaceutical facility,
* P&£_ responsible for the design, pre-construction functions and construction
Management activities of QA/QC laboratories, administrative complex, and data center,

Project Executive
Bechtel Corp

* Led the entire development process for 22 multimillion-dollar planned unit
development.

* Led feasibility, land acquisition, zoning approvals, permitting, pre-development
activities, finance, sales, marketing, community design, leasing, construction delivery,
project quality, project staff, HOA management turnover, and stabilization.

* Led most profitable planned community in Ketter in 2007, which received an award for
the best-selling community in the Washington, DC area by Hanley Wood.

* Managed projects’ concept plan, due diligence, design development, financing,
marketing, contract and change order negotiations, and construction of entire
community development including amenities, signage, building guidelines and
specifications.

* Negotiated with landowners, builders, contractors, state and local jurisdiction officials,
attorneys, lenders, and consultants.

* Coordinated and supported Finance Department with obtaining pre-construction and
construction debt, equity, joint ventures, investors, closings, due diligence, and
settlement documents.

« Planned, coordinated, analyzed, and managed project performance.

Implemented successful communities on time, on the budget, and of the highest quality.

Master of Business Administration
University of Florida