Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

Sr. Building Engineer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT :

Highly qualified Building Engineer with experience in the industry, Enjoy SKILLS
creative problem solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and | Quick learner, very
would excel jn the collaborative environment on which your cornpany rellable,extrimley
prides itself, mechanically and
‘electronically Inclined.
WORK EXPERIENCE Result-driven achiever
. with exemplary planning
sf Building Engineer and organizational skills,
ABC Corporation- 2007 - 2009 along with a high degree
Re sponsibilities: of detail orientation.
= Maintained and supported 4 buildings and supervised housekeeping and
mailroorn personnel.
« Maintained heating/cooling systems, boilers, chillers, heat pumps, LANGUAGES
exhaust fans and air handling units, handled heat purnp repair, English (Native)
electrical, plumbing, door and all types of repairs. French (Professional)
«= Retrofitted building with energy efficient lighting and water Spanish (Professional)
conservation systems.
= Researched and improved heat pump rebuilding,
= Saved over $3K on PM schedules on air handlers. INTERESTS
* Worked with ernergency backup systems and preventive maintenance Climbing
on Computer Roorn Air Conditioning (CRAC), Paced
« Negotiated a new flat roof for one of the buildings. Nandi
Buiiding Engineer
Responsibilities: efe LIC
« Maintaining building operations for 110,000 square foot, 105 year old Nora Sb amnieny
historic buildings Responsible for maintenance and upkeep off 11 Reference - 2 (Company
buildings Name)

* Perform preventative maintenance and repairs on all restaurant
equipment for multiple restaurants,

» Supervised the Balcony roorn roof and patio renovation.

= Troubleshot and diagnosed Pop Stand (separate restaurant) power
issues while Chief Engineer was out of town.

= Recruited 7 contractors to aid mein a 250 foot underground wire pull

= We started at 300 pm and the project was complete and Pop Stand was
at full power by 700 prn

= Installed new snow melt system for golf cart ramp Annually made and
painted ice for the ice hockey rink

Education

Certificate in Industria] Maintenance - {Metropolitan Community
College- Omaha, NE)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines