AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Building Work
Health & Safety
Bathroom installation
Bricklaying
Carpentry & Joinery

Drainage systems

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd

The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T: 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E. info(@idayjod.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Construction Worker

PERSONAL SUMMARY

An intelligent, physically strong and hardworking Construction Worker who can carry
out heavy manual construction work for extended periods of time, under adverse
weather conditions. Maxine has experience of welding, bricklaying, carpentry,
plumbing, painting, roofing, flooring, tiling and scaffold erecting. Through her
working life she has gained the knowledze and recognised qualifications needed to
carry out a wide variety of construction duties. Right now, she is looking for a suitable
position with a building company that only wants to recruit the very best.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location
CONSTRUCTION WORKER Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for assisting experienced trades people on a major and busy construction
site, by carrying out a range of manual duties.

Duties:

+ Smoothing and finishing freshly poured cement or concrete onto floors and walls.

» Operating a ranze of powerful hydraulic cranes in a variety of outdoor building sites.
+ Frequently lifting, carrying & handling construction material that weighs 40 pounds.
» Helping to locate water and sewer lines by reading old blueprints and floor plans.

+ Operating jackhammers & drills to break up concrete structures, slabs & pavements.
+ Working and clearing rubble from flood damaged domestic & commercial buildings.
+ Conmolling traffic in and out of a construction site using placards and hand signals.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)
Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (i.e. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Doing buildme, demolition and construction work in a safe and professional manner.

+ Physically fit with excellent balancing abilities and superb eye to hand coordination.

+ Experience of carrying out construction work in tunnels and undereround.

» During my career, have has worked on Highway construction projects, tunnel
excavation, residential construction, house building and demolition projects.

+ Willing to work weekends as well as travel and stay overnight im different locations.

» Punctual by nature and able to start early at 6.30am and can commit to a long day.
(Can work in all kinds of adverse outdoor weather conditions such as rain or snow.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.