JESSE KENDALL

123 Elm St. « Miami, FL 33183 »« (305) 555-5555 »« jkendall@notmail.com

OFF-SITE CONSTRUCTION SUPERINTENDENT

Accomplished and results-oriented project management professional with outstanding
qualifications orchestrating high-paced operations in all aspects of land development and building
construction. Extensive experience in organizational administration, resource management, and
contract negotiations. Record of achievement providing leadership, supervision, and motivational
expertise to ensure streamlined construction operations and increased efficiency. Fluent in
English and Spanish. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) and MS Project.

EXPERTISE
+ Bid Proposals * Project Management + Staff Leadership
« Problem Resolution * Training and Development « Employee Relations
+ Budget Management + Strategic and Tactical Planning + Customer Service
« Grading + Gas and Electric + SWPPP
+» Wet Utilities + Storm Drain + Communications
* Demolition + Environmental Mitigation « Surface Improvements
+ Soil Nail and Gravity Wall * Permit Processing «ADA
* Bond Exoneration + Hazardous Material Abatement + Plan Check
EXPERIENCE
ABC Homes, Miami, FL 20xx - Present

Regional Off-Site Superintendent

Manage the development of over ten different projects in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, valued at
$62 million. Support the Land Acquisition Department by providing preliminary construction
schedules and evaluating the constructability of projects during feasibility analyses. Consult with
civil engineers and forward planning and purchasing staff to ensure that projects are thoroughly
contracted. Supervise all consultants and subcontractors on all projects.

« Saved thousands of dollars on SWPPP by designing a storm water bypass system.

* Discovered water migration problem from an unlined canal while negotiating to purchase lots.

= Identified a design conflict in a storm drain that encroached on high-powered electric lines
while consulting with land acquisition staff; subsequently would increase the easement into
valuable Lot (home) space.

= Advised forward planning and purchasing staff that the cost of structures on a deep storm drain
project would increase significantly because the design exceeded the standards and would have
to be individually engineered.

= Co-managed the Land Development Department while the VP was out on a seven-month
medical leave.

BCD Communities, Miami, FL 20xx - 20xx
Off-Site Superintendent

Oversaw all development required for a new home master-planned community, including site
development, grading, storm drains, wet and dry utilities, streets, surface improvement,
landscaping, and parks. Supervised projects from preconstruction meeting to final occupancy.
Prepared and executed homeowner association turnovers and bond exoneration with the
governing agencies. Project required installation of two major water lines for the Otay Water
District from water storage facility through dedicated easement and along a major six-lane road.
Ensured release of governing agency bonds. Supervised all consultants, contractors, on-site
superintendents, and laborers.

«= Completed projects on time in spite of setbacks.
= Produced substantial cost savings to the company by mitigating a potentially costly problem
with the Senior City Engineer; resulted in a job offer with the City.