ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Business System Analyst - Health Care

E-math info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

SUNIMARY

Seasoned, accomplished Business Systems Analyst with an extensive history of supporting enterprise-level
solution development through highest caliber of needs analysis. requirements definition. functionalAechnical
specification development, application testing. and post-implementation support, Superior ability to aise
und coordinate with internal and extemal stakeholders while collaborating with on and offshore project
teams.

SKILLS

Offshore, Testing, Training. UAT. User Stories., Use Cases, NetSuite, CRM, Marketo, Insurance Systems

WOKK EXPERIENCT

Sr. Business System Analyst - Health Care
UPTODATE - June 2014 — Present

* UpToDate is an evidence-based clinical decision support resource for healthcare practitioners.
Assess and analyze the busimess environment to detine the scope of the business problems, cupturing
project requirements,

* Objectives and expectations. Elicit requirements for projects. enhancements, or defect fx requests
using Interviews, workshops, data analysis, current business process descriptions, task, and
workflow analysis.

* Functional specifications, data mappings, and user stories. Support sules operations, marketing,
customer service und finance departments.

* ‘Translations for all user screens and user documents. Post implementation support and
enhancements.

*  Saleslogix (CRM) projects to implement new products for us ancl international enterprise
customers, Wrote user stories, functional specifications, upplication configumtions, coordinate QA
and UAT testing und post-implementation support for sales ops.

* Gather, document, and analyze client functional, transactional and insurance product business
requirements for first Best's underwriting management system (UMS). Client facing and
consultative role offering system solutions to enhance client implementations and transform client
worktlow and business processes.

* Between the customer and technical team providing support throughout the project development life
eyele. Used the UMS configuration tool to build and maintain application forms anc rules. Sales
team support on RFP.

Sr. Business System Analyst
FIRSTBEST SYSTEMS - November 2005 — April 2014

* Co-lead 4 two year-long series of implementations through requirements gathering sessions,
functional.

© This Enee Resume Template t& the copyright of Qwikresume.cam. Usage Gnidelines