ARCHIE COOK

Phone: (555) 000-0000
Email: client@gmail.com

BUSINESS ANALYST / DEVELOPER / SYSTEMS ANALYST

Seeking to Leverage Technical, Analytical, and Communication Skills in Analyst Position
Requiring Knowledge of Business Intelligence Tools and High Standards of Excellence

Quality-focused, detail-oriented analyst, developer, and liaison with 7 years of overall experience, demonstrating track
record of providing solutions for high-priority business goals and strategic senior management decisions. Skilled
troubleshooter and problem-solver, with ability to translate business intelligence and performance management
requirements into manageable data formats. Contribute within projects at all lifecycle phases to meet strict time
deadlines. Expertise in Cognos applications.

KNOWLEDGE & SKILL AREAS

System Development Life Cycle Business & Systems Solutions Business Intelligence Tools

Data Warehousing Best Practices Project Life Cycle Management Stakeholder Communications

Total Quality Management (TQM) Inter-/Intra-Organizational Liaison Business Process Modeling
Software Development Methodology Corporate Performance Management Functional Requirement Review
Technical Summary:

Tools: COGNOS SERIES 7.1- Impromptu, PowerPlay, Transformer, Access Manager, Configuration Manager,

Report Server, DTS Services, Cold Fusion Studio; Microsoft Visio, Word, Excel, Project, Access, Outlook,
SQL 2000 Enterprise Manager; Fox Pro 2.6, Crystal Reports 7

Platforms: Windows 95, 97, 2000, NT4.0, XP
M les: System Development Life , Total ality agement (TQM), Six Sigma
(a) { @

Developer

Promoted to develop corporate-wide data cubes and web reports (using Cognos BI Series 7 tools) for use by senior
management in strategic decision-making process. Function as key member of Cognos team that manages
report/cube development, server configuration management, product deployment, and product implementation
activities. Work jointly with project managers, developers, and business users for modifications of Cold Fusion web
applications to meet user requirements.

Key Accomplishments:
* Information Management - As member of Cognos strategic team, provided employer with business

intelligence and performance management activities that resulted in actionable information, integrated
systems, and greater insight into the "why" behind various outcomes.

=» Committee & Team Activities - Served on 2002 Operational Change Review committee involving
approval/rejection of application change requests. As 2002 TR Team Member, contributing to prioritizing and
fixing of all application code trouble reports reported by end users.

= Performance Evaluation - Received excellent performance reviews throughout tenure, including the
following specific comments:

- "During the VT 7. 0 Cognos project, Karie took it upon herself to draft documentation outlining 2
step-by-step process for how to deploy Cognos report files..she even went as far as conducting the
training herself.”

- "J can always count on the quality of her work...Karie tirelessty refined all of her Cognos reports until
they were perfect.”

- "Karie is our department's subject matter expert on Cognos Impromptu...she is even handling
installations of Cognos on demo laptops."

-Continued-

CareerStrides.com — www.careerstrides.com — linda@careerstrides.com — © Do not copy — Sample of Page One Only