BUSINESS ANALYST

from Resume Genius

CONTACT RESUME OBJECTIVE

Business Analyst with over 5 years of experience supporting business
solution software and analyzing business operations. Aiming to utilize my
strong prioritization skills and analytical ability to achieve the goals of your
company. Possess a B.A. in Business Administration and Certification of
Competency in Business Analysis.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

(123) 456-7895

VictoriaClark@gmailcom gy
45 Winfield Or. Charteston, 9
SC 90764

Unkedin.com/infusemame Wf

EDUCATION

KEY SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suite

eeoeoeeo

SQL Expert

eeoeoeeoe

Wrike and AtTask Proficient

eeeee°

EDI Standards and Processing

eeeee0
Agile Software

Development
eeeee0
Team Leadership

eeeeeo
AWARDS

CUM LAUDE / 2013
Cowell University, Chicago, IL

BUSINESS ANALYST
Telico / Boston, MA / 2016 - Present

Develop business architecture using requirements such as
scope, processes, alternatives, and risks.

Analyze client's business requirements and processes through
document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow
analysis.

Conduct S+ levels of testing including functional, regression,
user acceptance, integration, and performance to verify the
dient’s needs are met

Communicate client's business requirements by constructing
easy: to-understand data and process models

BUSINESS ANALYST
Chantilly Charmane / Boston, MA / 2013 - 2016

Engage client to gather software requirements/business rules,
and ensure alignment with development teams

Translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different
tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases,
user stories, workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model
diagrams.

Evaluate risks related to requirements implementation, testing
processes, project communications, and training saving the
company on average $5,000+.

* Identify and reconcile errors in client data to ensure accurate

business requirements.
Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with
functional and technical requirements.