Jr. IT Business Analyst Danes a3) Sat TE 38

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH me

linkedin. conyqwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
Result oriented IT Business analyst with 2.6 years of Professional Experience, Experienced in

Requirements Gathering and documentation (mid-level Business and Functional), Business
Requirement and Functional Requirement Documents.

Skills

Android, Excel, Mac, MATLAB, Microsoft Word
Work Experience

Jr. IT Business Analyst
INTEGRA TECHNOLOGIES LLC - May 2016 - Present

Develops metrics that provide data for process measurement, identifying Indicators for future
improvement opportunities. Responsible for data preparation, validation, reports generation
using Statistical analysis systern (sas) and ms excel,

Engaged with onsite systern architect to understand business requirements and developed
solution design of business model.

Data mining and modeling: collected, deansed and provided rnodeling and analyses of
structured and unstructured data using business initiatives.

Performed risk assessment using pieces framework; swot analysis to gauge competitive edge
and evaluated pertormance.

Dashboards: created visually Impact dashboards in excel and tableau for data reporting by
using pivot tables and viookup. Extracted, interpreted and analyzed data to identify key
metrics and transform raw data into meaningful data,

Provide support through data reports about program feasibility, performance and results in
order to improve the sales and customer operations departments performance,

Provides consultation on using re-engineering techniques to improve process performance
and product quality.

Graduate And Research Assistant
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - October 2015 - May 2016

Collecting, collating and carrying out complex data analysis in support of management
requests. Also, involved in reporting statistical findings to work colleagues and management.

* Designed new queries and utilized existing query models to draw relevant customer
Macht ald for development of financial reports utilized in forecasting, trending, and result
analysis,

» Creating dashboards, reports and trend analysis using power pivot on agile methodology,

« Performing daily system checks, Data entry, data auditing, creating data reports Samp:
monitoring all data for accuracy.

* Developing data analytical databases from complex financial source data.

* Advising on the suitability of methodologies and suggesting improvements.

+ ${job_description27}

© This Free Resume Template js the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines