DERRICK CRABTREE

68 Peddie Rd., Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Cell; $$$,522, 7337
example-cmail@ example.com

—_ SUMMARY
Accomplished Business Analyst skilled in achieving operational efficiency and increasing revenue in the health care
industry, Business process improvement, data analysis, and asset management expert, Employs root cause analysis to
identify issues and develop process improvements that lead to cost savings. Exceptional planning and implementanion
capabilities.

HIGHLIGHTS
* Business process improvement © Budgcting
e Forecasting and planning © Project management
© Advanced Excel modeling © Project life cycle
© Cost-benefit analysis © System development life cycle
© Business systems analysis ¢ ISchange management
EXPERIENCE
HERITAGE HOSPITAL
Salt Lake City, UT
Lead Business Analyst GR2011 to Current

© Spearhead supply chain process improvement and systems implementation projects.

¢ Develop metrics used to determine incfficioncies and arcas for improvement across the hospital.

© Identify process bottlenecks and implemented new and improved processes and policics.

¢ Lead cross-functional teams to analyze and understand the operational impacts amd opportunities for technology
changes institution-wide. Redirected technology master plan toward a forward-thinking approach.

© Identified key roadblocks and proposed ¢ffcctive solutions for $$5 million project that saved the bospital almost

31 million dollars.
© Promoted to Lead Analyst after just 11 months of employment.
HERITAGE HOSPITAL
Salt Lake City, UT
Business Analyst GH2010 to OF/2011

© Analyzed department technology usage and determined the best course for future purchases.
¢ Conducted activity-based analysis of hospital processes and made recommendations based on the findings,
© = Identified process boundanes and developed opportunities to automate processes and functions,
© Gathered technical requirements and participated in design sessions.
¢ Ensured compliance with established internal control procedures by examining records, reports, operating
practices, and documentation,
MERCY HOSPITAL
Sak Lake City, Texas
Business Analyst O20 w ORDO
¢ Performed research to assist in development of project scope, define requirements, and propose changes.
© Drafted monthly financial reconciliations and forecasts,
© Assisted senior staff with development of effective presentations.
© Collected, dota analyzed trends, and created reports as requested,
EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE; BUSINESS MANAGEMENT 2004
University of Texas, Dallas, TX
Emphasis in Business Analytics
Top $% of class