John William
Business Analyst penn enemies seas

CJ

Highly analytical and results-driven professional with substantial experience leading several facets of business
analysis, IT project management, and digital strategy development and execution. Demonstrated history of preparing
and performing user training and testing. Skilled at ensuring product backlog is refined and well-documented by
collaborating with product owner and development team. Adept at gathering functional specifications and
requirements to deliver project in line with specified needs. Possess expertise of agile methodologies, including
Scrum.Kanban, Scrumban, extreme programming, V model, and design thinking.

Areas of Expertise

¢ Business Process Analysis ¢ Training & User Testing ¢ Digital Transformation

¢ Requirements Gathering ¢ Cross-functional Collaboration ¢ Scrum Framework

¢ Project Management ¢ Client & Stakeholder Engagement ¢ Continuous Process Improvement

Professional Experience

Teal (OCP & IBM JV), Location 2018 — Present
Business Analyst

Serve as Business Analyst to gather data from clients and deliver functional product in line with set requirements.
Develop product backlog and perform testing of functional requirements with end users. Collaborate with cross-
functional teams to achieve shared goal.

Key Projects:
Documentation AID: Functional Documentation of OCP Applications in Production

e Created functional and technical specification documents by utilising retro engineering, analysis, and
functional enhancement for applications.

Procurement SAP FG: Full Digitalization of Procurement Process with SAP Field Glass

e Performed end-to-end functional testing of developed SAP FG solution with end users.

« Gathered new functional requirements for development on new SAP FG configuration whilst training end
users on usage of new platform.

Act 4 Community: Web and Mobile Application Designed to Connect OCP Collaborators and NGO to Perform
Charitable Actions

e Established “To-be Journey” by organising and conducting design thinking workshops with UX designer.
e Collaborated with client to create product backlog and tested functional requirements with end users.
e Achieved high retention rate for end users by providing training on usage of new platform.

Smart Lock: Web Based Application to Digitize Security Process HSE and Consignment on OCP Sites

« Gathered requirements and transformed into product backlog by collaborating with product owner.

e Utilised JIRA by using scrum framework to accomplish successful delivery, ensuring satisfied end users and
stakeholders.

Page 1 | 2