CONTACT

First Last

Business System Analyst

- Seattle, WA (Open to Remote)
- +1-234-456-789

Business systems analyst with 10 years of experience in supporting enterprise-level - email@resumeworded.com
solution development via the top-most caliber of needs analysis, requirements definition, + linkedin.com/in/username
functional/technical specification, application testing, and post-implementation support. - github.com/resumeworded

Key achievement: Recognized for contributing to RW's success after initiating custom
software design that increased efficiency by 49% and cut daily operations cost by 79%.

SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Technical Skills:
Business System Analyst November 2015 — Present cee i) (Advanced)
Resume Worded, New York, NY * Witike (Experience
- Rational Requisite Pro
e Recognized for contributing to RW's success after initiating custom - Version One Lifecycle
software design that increased efficiency by 49% and cut daily - CRM Systems
operations cost by /9%.
e Developed Informatica conversion scripts for RW's accounting Techniques:
transactions, reducing month-end close cycle time from 2 months to + Workflow Management Systems
a little over 5 days. * ERP Systems
e Streamlined all marketing functions by implementing a Sales Info ahaa Intelligence and

System that managed business relationships with 2K customers,
increasing monthly sales by 55% for 11 consecutive months.

. . | oo, Tools and Software:
e Received recognition award for efficiently optimizing technology and .

- Cognos
reducing costs by 76% while maintaining quality service enon
simultaneously. - Business Objects

» SAS

HR Business Analyst June 2013 — October 2015
Growthsi, San Francisco, CA

- Microsoft Office Suite

- Dont forget to use Resume
Worded to scan your resume
before you send it off (it’s free and
proven to get you more jobs)

e Slashed the cost of employee turnover by 72% through employer
branding initiatives, online recruitment videos, and outreach
programs.

e Evaluated workflow processes in the HR department to propose
improvements that increase business efficiency by 86% QoQ.

e Enlightened 300 Growthsi employees on the benefits of working EDUCATION
within union shops, helping the company save $1M by shifting work
to non-union status.

e Surpassed productivity goals every quarter with only 3.5%
absenteeism over 9 months, achieving top performance rating among

Resume Worded University

Bachelor of Science
Business Administration

other colleagues. Boston, MA — May 2010
Busi D Cc di Awards: Resume Worded Teaching
usiness veve opment oordinator June 2010 - January 2013 Fellow (only 5 awarded to class), Dean's

Resume Worded's Exciting Company, New York, NY List 2012 (Top 10%)

e Championed the creation of a new business line, which resulted in
recurring revenue of 50% within 6 months of implementation.

e ldentified and launched new solutions that streamlined business
processes by initiating a new project that increased profitability by
S1M YoY.

OTHER

- Certified Business Analysis
Professional (CBAP).

. | . | - Certified Information Systems
e Negotiated a new 5-year contract with 2 major RWEC clients, Auditor (CISA)

increasing company revenue by $1 million. . Caniied in Biekend Intonnetion
e Generated $100K in new business revenue by cross-selling products Systems Control (CRISC).
to 450 existing clients.