Addeces + Cay, STXNNXX
beckerG@asicaseomn

BENJAMIN BECKER 11: (355) 555-5555 ~ C: (RSH) RRR ~

FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY
SENIOR BUSINESS MANAGER / BUSINESS ANALYST

Accompastad soeuar basmess manager and aaulest offemng 18 years of cxpomonce, ached nears 10 pears of propresmre
orles on mraey of the world's knadayg: ermesnmens banks /W al Soreer Gems and early career mn pubbe aed pervane accomncung,
MBA dogece with eoonmmare emphases and IS. degree : accouenng, Nenad-basnd buenos acumer: care blond of anabencal
ddl, cochnokgpeca! acumen, aad managemers /eademibep capatabres
Jamate talent for leverage techoology and 2zateenaten te clermute ox fGeoences and oper ue of arable formate -
rm ae cag. aaa a PR PRS OB VAS a A MRE MRO yaa
frtemcnal assurnpeet Eatelicnt beaker shuliel on eiucaypryg: poopie and processes and devekepeng metreatcd, hygh perfoertany
stalls caper to take of Challcngys and woken CoBaboesevety to Oonenbute to onganctatetal ten, (hakGcamond mchie

© Lage teed Sree Alena © Racenw Cow Urekpanwer © Pampa! Meparmag <> Speier 2D yprdapvnvat
© Madd Cifer Operations © Badge! Meeeiag <> Atnctioe = = © Workjhe Decmmwatation <* Opcimrnation
* Prero Reeqpenrier ©  Mamgeewed &* Prgnt Beperteg 6° Spntomr Rageerements <™ leat
PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
XXXXXARX BANK ~ City, ST 2OXX ~ Present

= Real lisease Mowtyage-lacked Secuntes (RMINS) Mackie Office (20X = Presene)
‘Tranttored co round car background wah peoduceento coperrnce and raked wath deukareag aad documenting the RALAS
wmfeastructacy aad dodulevel aad crake opecanng procedures and conwunmens. b secured ondtmend rerew aad
decumenssnes of apereonal workdews and infassructure sepperting vara deaks. Once deakelerel operanng procedures
qrunual:, Documented bounces roquserments for dewelapenens of mew Maddie Chics IA. erconcdanen and repectng
Platform wm the MES product space, teameng with Madde (fhe anabysts and tochendeggacs wn effet.
* Helped resolve critical comuol and operational weakeesses, dleotied peobiems, cccenmendol anprovemertes,
ath! wodked 1 Collation wath Malkile Office, Kak and Hence to enlement cisuc teachutoens.
* Reduced operational tke and actomated prodectoe and collection of key performance indicator toc
Preuctics tne and processaty ernor by eeergpneeney, key aspects of RAS peducbon coveeneient
* Replaced and climimated tanc-consuming manewal process, eenng anabewt 2 hours daly and demuncally
creaming reporting canabekes by developer: and milling oat mew databusc that auscenssed onllicctioa and repoctaye
of DAL. becaks to front office aad operation: managers
© Achieved of exceeded all position ebjectives, apphying ameaten 00 decal and methexbeal appamach on fididl prule
Birusgght feewh cage amd leveraged talent for deemaag emnple sokstains bo coenpict pevbders to solve vance
opcrmonal pecbliomes aad preicas te fhcencas.

NP /Bosinem Manager « (rintbal Seructured Prochocts Make Chifice (29XX » HNN)

Ihred dunng pened of DP e* wobsenc georerth oo buses lence to gaat in cfforts to masmtan conten! and oworsgght af
busmess while cohancung operating acalubdbrr. Managed 4 analyte an bounces suppert and enanagement of $32 million
budkeet. Owrruw budget develapmon, sBecstoe to bunencss qartices, management rpurtayy (fnanceals, peoqeet updates,
bosles mnctracs), 20d pence comnplate of andustry opersteny surveys.

* Worked on time-crical efforns w develop improved reporting iatrasurecture and cahanced Oortecaterns
wich soppewt parsers, Wiehen 32 emmorha, hered 2 mew anaiyen, developed blue bork wah cafting and expenee by
Predect ne, and concened /eunated moane my auncenane gathenag of ginbal actrraytused cose peperts,

* Played kev sepporning role i techaology enhaaceencats and process prengineering efhets through
devebopenent of Deamest Cases etd financed peenhcanens presotend 00 sone kaeediep. Iotnaluoed mew
approaches to persemmng dare thc wore well mcemed and hyhly commented for mmcligtebry and clecey,

* Developed aed launched sew actreity-based costing syeiess tht poo ated unguatalicied tratopurcre’y wtiy pert
workings of the siructured pecducts mukiie office while autorun Dasmess partner alecatewns and
costing beonchewiciing Conable: Connplenen oe 50 means of work chat had prevexady taken a full meneh),

Copyright 2020 = Distinctive Carrer Services, UC Thi réseme is not 2 template end copying is probibited; # wer writtex for

2 real client fidentity disguised) ond is on example of the quadty and styte of résumés written by
Oatinetive Documents wore, dhtince trrwet com Contoct us to heve your résumé profeisionolly written - BOO-644-9634