Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

2 Alabarna
Business/Data Analyst (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
A highly responsible and dedicated data analyst with strong analytical and SKILLS
technical experience in the IT industry, Practiced in clarifying business SOL, Business Objects,
requirements, performing the gap analysis between goals and existing COGNOS, MySQL/PHP,
procedure/skills sets, and designing process and system improvements to SAP, VBA, LEAN SIX
€ productivity and red ts.
increase productivity reduce cos SIGMA, Data Mining,
Data Warehousing,
WORK EXPERIENCE Analytics, Data Analysis,
Business Analysis, VISIO
Business/Data Analyst Gane ¥ .
GLAXO SMITH KLINE - July 2011 - Present
Responsibilities:

» Worked with internal business clients and business leads to create LANGUAGES
functional requirement docurnentation, interfaced with internal and English (Native)
external stakeholders to understand tool, promotion, and process French (Professional )
enhancements. Spanish (Professional)

» Developed numerous supply chain KPI's including freight cost rate, fuel :
surcharge, order tracking, forecast volurne, various inventory reports,
backorders, Internal customer service report etc ising Cognos, bo, ms INTERESTS
access and excel, Visio, Climbing

* Perforrn data mining activities of gathering and compiling data to rake Snowboarding
a thorough analysis of data integrity issues with respect to the data oni

provided by Isps(logistics service providers), and to extract the relevant
information for metrics reporting and KPI measurements.

= Developed/published online reports using Cognos to replace existing bo
reports on freight costs, costs of goods mfg, savings on goods delivered REFERENCES

Air vs. Sea, thus Increasing web visibility to our data warehouse and Reference - 1 (Company
allowing for more informed decision making by managers and senior me
executives. riche hia - 2 (Company

= Designed and developed a series of complex business intelligence
solutions via business objects(designer, desktop intelligence, and web
intelligence) and Cognos 8 reporting system and tools using best
business practices guidelines.

= Interacted with clients ta understand the reporting needs, evaluated
requirements, designed, developed and implemented reporting using
Cognos and business objects. Provided ad-hoc reporting support.

» Created different KPI dashboards in report studio using a combination of
the list, crosstab, graph and map reports.

Business/Data Analyst
CISCO SYSTEMS - April 2010 - july 2011
Responsibilities;

= Business/data analyst for arms(global supply chain and manufacturing)
acquisitions group.

» Developed a web based intranet application (rfq tool) to allow
cisco/supplier commodity managers to do a cornpetitive cost analysis
when negotiating pricing of acquisition company product(s) for
integration into cisco product line,
© This Erce Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines