Gaurav Dahiya

Ajay@nineyardsolutions.com
901-217-3940

Proven 9 years of experience with business process analysis/ modeling, reporting business requirements,
definition ant documentation

Interacting with stakeholders, gathering requirements, rating them and assigning priorities to each of them.
Documenting business processes and translating them to functional specifications.

Experienced in all areas of project life cycle in a highly structured change management environment using both
proprietary methodologies and Agile methodology.

Business-critical initiatives include writing user stories, capture and document scope changes, schedule and facilitate
Story review sessions, requirement clarification, requirement analysis, process fucilitation and User Acceptance
‘Testing (UAT).

Facilitate discussion and address challenges that arise during deployment and escalate issues to project managers.
Facilitating Review Sessions for Scope Documents, Use Case, High Level and Detail Level Design, Test Flan, and Test
Cases.

Experience in developing screen Mock ups and Wireframes using MS Visio.

Used JIRA and Confluence for tracking various pre-prod, post-prod defects, and change requests

Experience in creating Business Case and Presentation

Excellent business writing skills in creating Business Requirements Document (BRD), use-case specifications,
functional specifications, GAP analysis, and Systems Requirements Specification (SRS).

Proficient in soliciting client requirements through interviews, workshops, existing system documentation, and
organizing Product & Sprint Backlog sessions

Proficient in Unified Modeling Language (UML) concepts such as Sequence, Activity, Business Processes, and Use Caxe
Diagrams on multiple UML toots and platforms.

Active involvement in all phases of SDLC including requirements gathering, client interaction, gap analysis, and team
coordination.

Professional Summary

Real Page, San Francisco, CA Dec 2014- Present
Business Analyst

Real Page is a real estate software company which creates mobile apps for the apartment industry. The mobile apps are

targeted at maintenance technicians and leasing office to manage service requests, screen rental applications and for
purchasing materials from hardware stores.

Responsibilities:

Gathered Business Requirements, interacted with the Users, Designers and Developers, Project Manager and SMEs to
get a better understanding of the Business Processes.
Conducted JAD Sessions periodically with various stakeholders at various phases of the Software Development Life
Cycle (SDLC) to discuss open issues and resolve them.

Analyzed and optimized the process, Prepared Business Requirement Document and then converted the business
requirements into Functional Requirements Specification.
Identified Use Cases from the requirements and documented the processes using UML Diagrams
Analyzed claim adjustments, Gaim processing from point of entry to finalizing, claim review, identifying daims
processing problems, their source and providing alternative solutions using best practice model and principles and
assisted in Claims Management.
Communicate with design, development and test team using MS exchange Messaging and Defect Tracking System.
Supported the QA team in ensuring quality.
Used MS Project to manage schedules, deadlines and resources, and collaborate on the project.

Tools: MS EXCEL, MS Visio & JAMA Contour, Artifact lighthouse, MS Project, Mantis