Jordan
Kirtley

Business Analyst

Personal Info
Phone
305-730-3464

E-mail

jordanzkirtley@gmail.com

LinkedIn

linkedin.com/in/jordanzkirtley

Twitter

twitter.com/jordanzkirtley

Skills

financial modeling

future state assessment

gap analysis

Microsoft BI Suite

Amazon Web Services

interpersonal skills

communication

attention to detail

Insightful entry-level business analyst with skills in financial modeling and AWS.

Excited to deliver profitable insights at WCS. As MBA student at University of Miami,

used financial modeling and guided team of 5 to raise $5,000 for local animal shelter.

Education
2017 - MBA
2019 University of Miami

Marketing and Sales Project

¢ Conducted senior project in market segmentation, branding, and
promotion that raised $5,000 for the Broward County Animal Shelter.

¢e Awarded the Catherine L. Gallardo scholarship for charity work.

¢ Conducted rigorous financial modeling to find best project path.

e Recruited and managed team of 5 students and community members
to implement project strategy.

President, Student Economics Club

e Led energetic group of 30+ engaged business students to analyze
business trends and build lasting relationships.

e Supported and organized 10+ club events such as forums to discuss
valuation, strategy, capital markets, and venture capitalism.

Pursued Educational Excellence

e Excelled in accounting, macroeconomics, marketing, and statistics.

e Admitted into Masters Scholar program for academic excellence.

2013 - BS Business Administration
2017 Florida State University
e Vice President, Association for Business Communication.
¢ Completed 6-credit senior project in financial modeling.
Certificates

ECBA, IIBA

AWS Certified

Additional Activities

2015 -
2019

Whitewater Videographer
e Chased rafts down Class V rivers daily to create and Sell trip videos.
¢ Redesigned pricing scheme to reap 40% more revenue than

aVelrage.

Volunteer Driver, Broward County Animal Shelter
e Drove vanloads of 50+ cats and dogs per month to rescues.

e Analyzed & restructured loading to fit 20% more animals per trip.

Eagle Scout, BSA
e Recognized for work ethic and interpersonal skills.

¢ Completed Eagle project that raised $4,300 for disabled in Ghana.