Robert Smith

Associate Business Analyst

PERSONAL STATEMENT

4 years of experience as Analyst to obtain a long-terny position with
advancement opportunity in a Financial Securities firm, where | can realize
@ successful Careerin IT sector.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Business Analyst
Silver Line Spinning Mill- September 2014 - June 2017

Responsibilities:

Interviewed clients to define strategic and tactical goals, prioritize
business requirements and build consensus.

Recommended business process improvements to allow more efficient
streamlining and betterment of existing processes and data storage.
Performed strengths weaknesses opportunities threats (Swot) and risk
analysis; identified and defined business problems and bottlenecks,
Created quantitative and statistical business models by using ms excels
data analysis program such as custorner buying frequency.

A global management m&amp;a consulting firm that serves leading
businesses, governments and non-profit organizations.

Conducted refinernent sessions with development teams to ensure
requirements were clear and precise,

Identified business Sarnp; technology risks and led cornprehensive risk
assessment to mitigate top risk resulting in saving of over $5, 5m
dollars.

General Accounting/Research Assistant
UCSD~- January 2014 - May 2014

Responsibilities:

Researched and prepared excel spreadsheets about the courses that
contained latin american content to help apply for grants and
fellowships.

Proposed and implemented new procedures for office processes to
achieve maximum efficiency.

Helped create awareness and presented to the future investors about
the cilas program,

Delivered strong project management concepts including project scope,
workforce utilization, and gathered project requirements from clients -
full project lifecycle leadership,

Grew business pipeline by identifying potential clients using HubSpot
Customer Relations Management software, ascertaining business and
financial potential for each identified client.

Followed up with clients on support provisioning that ensured total
client service and satisfaction.

Provided support assistance to all functional business components.

© This Eree Restme Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Project Management,
Time Management,
Microsot Office,
Business Analysis,
Iterative Methodologies,
Use Case Diagramming,
Use Case Elaborations,
Storyboard,
Communication, Time
Management, Business
Analysis

English (Native)
French (Professional )
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)