Resumagic.com Sample Resume: Business Analyst

Jennifer Jobseeker
123 Bim Steet = Anytown, ST00000 = 123-456-7890 = jennifer@email.com

Summary of Qualifications

Business Analyst / Project Manager with exceptional record of delivering cost effective, high
performance technology solutions to meet challenging business demands. Extensive qualifications in all
facets of information systems methodology from conceptual design through documentation,
implementation, user training, quality review, and enhancement Worked extensively with Fortune 1000
companies.

Professional Experience
Principal Information Systems Consultant, NAME OF COMPANY, CITY, ST 11/99 - 09002

Worked with Fortune 1000 clients as Technical Liaison managing relationships with numerous business
and technical clients during strategy and planning phases for this management and technology consulting
firm. Analyzed corporate business processes to develop customized solutions, and reduce costs,
improve performance within a given budget. Led planning meetings, JAD sessions, analysis
development, test inspections, and other project meetings throughout productlife cycle. Conducted
interviews and developed business cases to implement process changes, develop training matenals, and
instructed clients on new processes and procedures. Major accomplishments:

* Promoted to group lead directing full-time employees at client site for ability to identify, develop, and
manage over 8,000 technological requirements through a multi-year project life cycle.

* Played key role in design and execution of 60-day implementation model to capture design and
development requirements in an iterative development life cycle that reduced lead-time by over 50%.

* Played key role in call center tum around project resulting in reducing caller waiting time, improving
call response times and increasing first call resolution by 42%

* Led strategic planning initiative to secure proposed budget for the consolidation of nine call centers
by identifying CRM and process improvement opportunities.

* Recipientof Employee of the Year award as well as multiple technical excellence awards.

Project Lead, NAME OF COMPANY, CITY, ST 05/98 - 1199

Identified new business development opportunities for this management and technology consulting firm;
analyzed business processes to identify areas of reducing operating costs and improving efficiencies;
recommended and implemented new technology solutions; and trained clients how to utilize new
technology to reach their business goals. Modeled new business processes and customized solutions to
accommodate budget and build in scalability. Recommended and implemented web development,
management and marketing solutions from conception through delivery. Major accomplishments:

* Designed and implemented a fully automated sales and proposal ganeration process that linked
supply, pricing and accounting systems reducing proposal generation time by 75% and improving
sales 800%.

* Added value to the business by tuming a “Paper and Pen” organization into a completely automated
recruiting office by formalizing all business processes into an integrated database.

* Developed marketing strategies for a real estate broker and an agent by formalizing their business
processes and enhanced their public presence by recommending and implementing effective web
solutions.