Business Analyst Resume

Senior Business Analyst

Atlanta, GA - Email me on Indeed: indee

Please email your requirements to karuna@premieritsolns.com/ [..-]
RESUME OF SULAKSHANA

+ 7+ years of IT experience as a Business Analyst in deployment of web-based, Client-Server applications,
developing business processes and system solutions for Banking and Financial Industries for various projects
from conceptualization to implementation.

+ Excellent technical writing skills to create Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Specifications
Document (FSD), Nonfunctional Requirements Document and Use Cases Specifications.

* Strong process modeling using UML (Use Cases, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, etc.)

+ Strong in writing SQL queries and reporting the results to the business team.

+ Strong Requirement Traceability Matrix mapping.

+ Excellent Team player to work in conjunction with testers (QA), developers and other team members in
validation and testing of complex project scenarios and in the maintenance of Quality Standards of projects.
+ Experience with Web Development E commerce projects.

+ Excellent conceptual and working knowledge of System Development Life Cycle, RUP, OO Models and UML
Methodologies.

+ Fluent in a broad range of technologies, including business process tools such as MS Project, Excel, Access,
Visio.

+ Experience working in CMMI, ITIL and Six Sigma methodologies.

+ Have experience with various defect tracking tools: Quality Center, ClearQuest.

+ Experience in Requirement Analysis, JAD sessions, Business and Systems reviews and working sessions
to understand the requirements and system design.

+ Strong database integration experience. Worked on analyzing data needs, identifying relational databases
and coordinating the modeling.

+ Well versed in Requirements/Change Management, Impact Analysis and Gap Analysis.

+ Interviewed SMEs and Stakeholders to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather
business requirements.

+ Strong Analytical and Problem Solving skills, Multi-Tasking abilities, with proven expenence in utilizing people
and process knowledge to assist enterprises in making critical decision.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Business Analyst

PayPal - La Vista, NE - August 2011 to Present

PayPal is a global e-Commerce business allowing payments and money transfers to be made through the
internet. Online money transfers serve as electronic alternatives to paying with traditional paper methods, such
as checks and money orders.