i Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Business Analyst i Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Business Analyst || with 14 plus years of experience developing and providing in-depth analysis of
customer service offerings, energy efficiency prograrns, and performance metrics. Dernonstrated
strengths Include: Performance management Project documentation Environmental valuation
Technology Integration Business requirements Business case/ROI Risk management Process re-
engineering Data collection Statistical analysis Critical path mapping Visual presentation of data.

Skills

Excel, MS Project, PowerPoint, OneNote And Visio, Proficiency In Microsoft Office Suite
Applications, MS Access, SharePoint, Site Creation And Management, CRM Systerns

Work Experience

Business Analyst Il
ABC Corporation - 2010 - Present

Managed and supported a cross-organizational effort to Install 30,000 charging station across
SCE service territory through coordination between revenue services, meter services, and the
customer contact center,

Designed and implernented the frarnework to incentivize large cornmercial customers for
purchasing EV charging stations and enrolling into a demand-billed rate.

Facilitated a statewide effort to attain 1.5 million zero-ernission vehicles on our roads by 2025.
Provided cross-functional project support to three customer service operational groups in
order to achieve maximum efficiency.

Received individual recognition for exceeding project tearm expectations and delivering
quality to the prograrn and business.

Implemented quality assurance controls to erisure compliance with a regulatory tariff,
streamline account setup/enrollment into an EV rate, and reduce the overall cost of labor.
Developing and integrating standardized tools and templates to streamline cross-functional
project management and create visibility to critical project information.

Professional Aide - College Internship Program
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Managed a SharePoint portfolio containing milestones and implernentation dates for over 50
operational, mandated, and strategic projects.
Designed and customized sharepoint sites to facilitate the organization and consolidation of
project-specific material,
Created and administered a docurnent library containing standardized templates for six
project phases,
Autornated an intemal project Intake process to Improve portfolio management by creating a
SharePoint request form which facilitated project tracking, prioritization, and resource
Capacity planning.

* Responsible for multi-year strateay, design, developrnent, and implementation of an industry
leading performance management tool which is used by senior leadership to support edisons
custorner service operations division serving a population of 14m.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines