SR. Business Analyst Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

SR. Business Analyst with over 7+ years of Professional working expericnee in various industrics
like Health care, Health Insurance, lssurance & Finance. Expericnee in carrying out the Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC} life cyele in Relational and Object Methodologies. Extensive
knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UML, Rational Unified Process (RUP) and
MS Visio. Well versed with SDLC methodologies like AGILE Scrum, RUP, and Waterfall,

Skills

Business Analysis Tools Requisite Pro, Rational Rose, MS Visio, Clear Quest, Enterprise Architect
{EA), Operating Systems - Windows, UNIX, Adobe Photoshop, PageMaker Microsolt Tools MS
Project, MS Visio, MS Office, MS Outlook, Spread Sheet, MS Access Rational Unified Progess

Work Experience

SR. Business Analyst
ABC Corporation ~ September 2014 - Present

* Gathering and documentation of user requirements, analyzing the existing system and
performing gap analysis to relate to the target system.

* fnwolving in making the Medicare patient profiles being compliant with the HIPAA regulations.

* Management of Patient Profile Transfer (PPT) reports created by the data team by verifying the
associated data.

* Tovolving in analysis, design. and implementation of the following systems control management
reporting and security systems generation of daily, weekly, and monthly reports-ol hospital
patients activity.

* Responsible for the generation of daily billing activity based on patient records and
establishment of collection protocols,

* Coordinating and conducting system requirements walkthroughs/sessions {JRDs/JADs) with
Business Owner /Stakeholders /SMEs as well as design/development teams.

* Working with business area SMEs /Analysts to develop and finalize test plans/seripts /use
cases,

Business Analyst
ABC Corporation - January 2011 - September 2014

* Release web-based servicer application developed for streamlining office workflow processes
tnvolved in Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) transactions and benefits in claims management
cycle based on HIPAA guidelines.

* Acted as liaison between Marketing Management and the IT ieam - both offshore and onsite
worked with users te define the business process and initiated the requirements feasibility
process to determine the viability - technically and operationally analyzed business workflow
and system needs for this web application gathered user stories and requirements from the
business,

* Analyzed and prioritized them, and then managed the implementation of these requirements to
the satisfaction of the business users,

* Used agile/scrum methodology duc to rapid requirements churn participated in and facilitated
extensive JAD sessions and user Interviews created BRDs, use cases, test cases, and test plans
to design. development of mappings. transformations. sessions. workllows and ETL batch jobs.

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines