JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd. # City, State 00000 ¢ (222) 222-2222 + emaili@address.com

Business / OPERATIONS ANALYST
Comprehensive experience analysing customer billing, financial history, and service levels in a call
percha gereszeireerd an bone y me ir hone loge a sales growth. Adept at
monitoring real-time performance and finding alternative plans to optimize ze call flow. Familiar with
automated staff planning, analysing system data, and providing reports to assist with long-term
planning. Exceptional follow-through and decision-making abilities, able to identify and resolve
service and billing issues to customer's satisfaction. Completes accurate transactions with a sense
of urgency and an eye for detail within a fast-paced environment.

Core COMPETENCIES

Real-Time Monitoring & Performance ¢ Optimal Call Flow Management
Statistical Analysis ¢ Econometrics ¢ Medians & Averages ¢ Process Improvement
Conflict & Problem Resolution ¢ Team Collaboration ¢ Customer Service Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

COMPANY NAME
Customer Relations Consultant
Received inbound calls and resolved customer issues conceming wireless price plans for
telecommunications firm. Tracked and managed customer account details using software systems.
Trained new hires on effective call management techniques.
Calculated billing estimates and analysed credit and usage history to determine economical
solutions to pricing issues and service adjustments.
Partnered with management to review performance metrics and identify areas for
improvement, consistently delivering results beyond expectations.
Analyzed financial history to right-size customer programs based on actual usage, achieving
95% customer retention rate.
Established strong track record of selling additional features while resolving customer
issues. Increased average sales to yield additional $5000 monthly revenues.
Minimized average handle time through effective account research and analysis to quickly
identify issues and solutions while building client rapport.
Exceeded sales, retention, quality, average handle time, and compliance targets and
received numerous commendations from clients on providing exceptional service.
Negotiated creative solutions with customers threatening to go with another provider,
retaining business and increasing sales through plan and pricing adjustments.
Developed ability to extract information early in conversation and make a firm offer to
minimize time spent on the phone.
Liaised with accounts receivable to formulate payment plans for delinquent accounts.
Analysed issues on a case-by-case basis to find creative solutions and retain business.

Continued...