Robert Smith

Senior Consultant / IT Business Analyst

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Hard-working, selFmotivated, experienced Business Analyst is seeking new
challenges.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Consultant / IT Business Analyst
DaVita Laboratory - March 2015 - Present

Responsibilities:

Comrnunicate with the business unit to gather requirernents and
accurately document technical/functional requirements within a
compound application environment:

Utilizes various project management techniques to effectively facilitate
change management for validated and non-validated software systems,
managing scope within the project.

Versatile use of appropriate SDLC (agile and waterfall) to achieve
project goals and timeline.

Successfully documented software functionality for conversion to a
different technology platform.

Work in collaboration with the quality assurance team to ensure test
cases are sufficient, regression cycles are performed, and high-quality
testing is completed within the project timeframe.

Provided ongoing support for It projects to business clients post-
deployment to ensure successful operation,

Organized requirernents for customer statement and invoice system
with use cases and UML classes.

Business Systems Analyst
DaVita Laboratory - March 2006 - March 2015

Responsibilities:

Optimized the dataloader to upload the client specific translations into
the systern ta increase the work efficiency by 70%.

Performed software evaluation and made recommendations to mitigate
risks via phased migration.

Analyzed and translated various investment calculations from
mainfrarne's ALGO to SOL.

Worked with developers and business process coordinators to come up
with improvised calculations, increased efficiency in data processing
and retrieving, to enhance overall functionality.

Designed and optimized ETL processes using SSIS for stocks and indices
from MorningStar and other sources for maximum efficiency.
Responsible to transfer business requirements like the client specific
translations into the functional and technical specifications like system
specific rules to be used by the preprocessor of the systern.
Responsible for performing root cause analysis for issues and provide
effective timely business and technology resolution.

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Sdic, Requirements
Analysis, Technical
Documentation, Change
Management, Waterfall
&amp; Agile, Database,
Excel, PowerPoint, Htrnl,
SOL, Testing.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)