Summary

Business Analyst experienced in supporting analytical needs of organizations with prior project/product management experience. Result-
oriented individual recognized for effectively resolving challenging issues aspiring to become an Analytics expert.

Work Experience
BUSINESS ANALYST |
e Extracted data from Sabre, Duetto, and Google Analytics into MS Excel, implemented advanced functionalities like Pivot Tables,
VLOOKUP, and Macros to perform data analysis for business; impacting insights & making recommendations.
e Used predictive analysis to predict the number of guests for any given night to maximize occupancy and increase revenue.
* Documented monthly e-commerce performance reports in MS Word and created MS PowerPoint presentations for higher
management.
* Defined KPI and metrics to measure business's success.
e = Part of diverse, cross-functional teams working towards fulfillment of corporate goals and productivity.
¢ Implemented SOL queries using joins and sub queries to retrieve data from the database.
PROJECT MANAGER-INTERN |
e Managed project requirements using JIRA and Confluence.
Collected, cleaned, and analyzed data using IFTTT, WeWiredWeb, and MS Excel using functions like Pivot Tables and graphs.
Created mockups and wireframes; documented use cases, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, and workflow.
Analyzed and reviewed developer Python and HTML codes.
Prepared and executed test plans including documenting and resolving issues.

Documented Business Requirement Documents (BRDs} and Functional Requirement Documents (FRDs).
PRODUCT MANAGER-INTERN |

* [Implemented advanced MS Excel functionalities like VLOOKUP, Pivot Tables to forecast revenue based on historical data.

e =Analyzed old detection cases using JIRA tickets and Salesforce to determine which products have maximum False/True Positives
and False/True Negatives.

¢ Conducted market analysis and research on other threat intelligence companies to see how they differ from each other.

* Created innovation games to help engineers decide product features.

® Coordinated with Product Manager to gather requirements and make modifications and corrections to the product specific
documents.

Certifications

* Scrum Fundamentals Certified (April, 2016)

* Microsoft Project 2016: Essential Training (February, 2016)

* Hootsuite Certificate Courseware (October, 2015)

* IBM DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals (October, 2013)
Technical Skills

* Database: Oracle 91, MySOL

* Software/Tools: VB, MS Visio, Tableau, MS Project Professional, Salesforce, SharePoint
Education

(MAY, 2016)
MS INFORMATION SYSTEMS-BUSINESS ANALYTICS

(AUGUST, 2013)

BE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Academic Projects
ANALYTICS PROJECT (2016)

e Used regression analysis, Tableau, and forecasting to conclude which states in US should stop the production of GE crops, soil

damage, and which crops can be excluded from being produced genetically.
DATA WAREHOUSING FOR (2015)

e Offered a system design solution to a start-up based on requirements of and data provided by the company. Proposed a data
warehouse management plan to manage inventory, sales, and customer data in order to help in day-to-day operations. The plan
included gathering requirements, choosing KPI, data quality and data sources analysis, dimensional modeling, ETL system
requirements, and budgeting.

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT FOR || CONSTRUCTIONS PVT. LTD. (2015)

¢ Analyzed operations data to propose a business plan using advanced MS Excel functions like VLOOKUP, Pivot tables, and linear

regression. Aimed at improving overhead costs and improved the profit margin of the company by 1.5% per project.