ROBERT SMITH

Business Analysis Consultant

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Project Consultant / Businoss Analyst with over 8 yaars of antorpeisa lovel exparience including
extensive work in call canter environments, Acted a liaison between technology and business
partners to communicate needs and requirements, Responsible for proactive Monitoring of and-to-
and processes for the entire Contact Canter environment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Marketing Research, Report Writing, Procoss Improvement,
Gap Analysis, Projgct Management, Data Visualization, Client Loyalty, Research Panel
Management, Online Surveys, Vandor Management, Website Development, Excel, Tableau,
Spara, SPSS, Visio, SOL, JIRA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Business Analysis Consultant
Wells Fargo (Contractor) - May 2015 — Present

Key Deliverables:

« Acts as-a liaison between client area and technical organization by planning, conducting
and directing the analysis of complex business strategies and enhancements to ba solyed
with existing and new contact center technologies,

« Work with business contacts to define and document business and functional requirements
for contact canter cti solutions.

= Utilize knowledg9 of genesys cti, ivr, nice call recording, avaya. and cisco ler platforms to
shepherd projects through the development life-cycle

= Work closely with development, quality assurance and production support, managing sdle
touch points between all groups.

« Additional responsibilities include cost analysis, vendor management, capacity planning,
resouree utilization, coordination of user acceptarice testing and comprehensive
documentation tor project deliverables and status reporting.

« Thorough understanding of contact center disciplines, Industry trands, business drivers and
bensfits of contact center technology and the ability 1o communicate these to applicable
partners and leaders.

= Knowledge of business analysis and project management methodologiss as well as
genesys.Responsibls for continuous workflow management, process. haalth, business
governance, forecasting analysis and accomplishment status reporting.

AVP, Operations Project Consultant
Bank Of America - July 2011 — November 2014

Key Deliverables:
= Gathered and Gocument business and functional requirements for contact ceriter cti
solutions.

2259 Oak Street. Old Forge. New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template 1s the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines