Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Civil Engineer Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

A Civil Engineer with 4 years of experience in construction and infrastructure projects like chicken
farm, warehouses, residential bulldings, villas and water channels. Experience In site supervision,
construction works, accountancy, tendering and evaluation. Experience in prestressing detailed
drawings. Knowledge of construction methods and construction sequences In civil structural
constructions above or below the ground.

Skills

Microsoft Office, GIS, SAP2000, StruCalc, ETABS, AutoCad, MicroStation, Civil 3D, C++, Matlab,
InfoW ater,

Work Experience

Civil Engineer

ABC Corporation - February 2014 - August 2015
Evaluate subdivision, cluster, and other application requests from the Departrnent of Planning
and Permitting with respect to availability of water, past cornrmitments, anc facility
requirements,
Does manual calculations to determine fire flows and system pressures,
Uses hydraulic models to calculate systern flows and pressures.

* Develops computerized hydraulic models of water systems.

Does basic calculations to ensure that the size of storage reservoirs, booster stations, and
source pumps, and water mains adequately rneet the requirernents of the Water System

Standards,
Evaluate departrnental reviews of general plan and designated land use map zone change

requests, special and conditional use permits, and shoreline management applications,
Calculate cost estimates of development proposals requested by other public agencies.

Civil Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2014
Delivery of mining samples from tipple to Assay Department.
* Remove trash, residual building debris and potential dangerous materials from milling sites;
* Worked inthe payroll section as timekeeper,

* Computation of mill data production output.
+ Maintains project schedule by monitoring project progress; coordinating activities and

resolving problerns.
+ Supervise sub contractors and other labor workers.

+ Oversee site operations.

Education
M.S. In structural engineering - 2013(University of Hawall at Manoa)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines