Granger Fisher

159 Evergreen La. Cell: 555.322.7337
Memphis, TN 38018 example-emailgpexample.com

Summary
Dedicated Civi Engineer skied in all phases of engineering operations. Consistently finishes projects under buciget
and ahead of schedule, Forward-thenking professional famniar with all aspects of constructon and commercal and
fesidental planning. Advocates for sustainable infrastructure and green city-plamning. Comenitied to designing
eraronmentally -consaous and cost-effective public infrastructure solutions.

Highlights

+ Project management « Erosion and sedimentation control

« Operatonal analysis « Land development planning

+ Technical plan execution ¢ Strong technical apttude

© Water piping design « Complex problem solver

* Materials managemert « Critical thenker

Experience

Senior Civil Engineer 012011 — Current
Nelson Land Development Memphis, TN

roid ep aati wir edict gttke kh arses aS AS al ccm

Hh
l
i
f
i

« Winte daly detated reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.
Civil Engineer 102005 — 12/2010
Public Works Department, City of Mempnis Momphs, TN
Tested sod to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphalt and steel foundations.
Computed load and grade requirements and material stress factors to determine design specications.
Implemented complex design sofware and drawing too's to plan anki design transportation systems,
Collaborated with contractors and chents as the on-site engineer for several large pubic projects.
Aided other departments in development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking kt, and drainage projects.
Created detaled pubic reports regarding bid proposals, Geeds, and environmental impact statements.
Propaced standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.
Produced and issued precise techrucal speciicatons and data sheets,

Education
Bachelor of Science: University of Tennessee - Civil Engineering 2006
Memphis, TN

ee ee eee

Affiliations
Amencan Socety of Cal Engineers, Member 2007-Present
Licenses
Technical Skills
ALROCAD, Civil 3D. MATMAN, HYDSYS, SANSYS, WATSYS, KYPIPE, Microsoft Otfice Sute