== 68 GA

A bighly resourceful, exible and enthusastic indiwides! who as an aeptetancs Cvé Engineer enynys the chatenge of working
across & broad faage of sectors, Margaret has @ strong track record of O#livering high ptofiie and Chatlenping projects for a
broad range of cheets throughout the UE. She has the experience coquired to take radershig oe emajor projects f= tey areas
such 26 beget matters, quality controt, safety and thinefrarse targets. She posseswet the uniqee ability to maintain an
Overview Of etre projects while continging to attend to Cetailed technicalities Right now she would fhe to work for a
emplnyer that ooking for tatented, roonmitted and ambitious people to help them shape the future of ther company,

ENGINEERING = © Knowledge of relevant design codes for bridges and traniport tehemnes
© Cotecting information, investigating options anc mevising solutions.
© Verifying the work of others.
© Carrying cut feasihiiity suction,
© Farnfior with the gone of rail Dridgos and Drcges Over ral
© Good understanding of devige and contruction procewees.
© Using # range of computer packages for developing detatied devgns
© ADEty to think metiedically, to desgn, plan and manage projects.

PERSONAL © Detail conscious with an ability te shady the minute aspects af any project,
© Abiity to traecer sills from one sector tp another
© Making podgernents and sewing problers.
© Strategic thinker with the ability te expcute effectively.
© Able to undertating Complies ae¢ sepetitive calculations
© Adwayt erawring the highest quality of workmanship
© Mele fo work under pressure
© Negotating supertsory and leadership skills combiner with the ability te triegate

Loco! Authority - Brminghom

VIL PNGINEER Aptil 2004 ~ Present

Respansitie for ensuring that projects tun smoothly and structarer are completed within budget and on teme, Alec in charge of
apphring proceteres and systeens te onsure the satety of stat, anc otters

Orthvering various enipeeering related grajects from Snasibilty vtage thraugh to detailing dexygn and site eeplementaton.
Liaising with all patties Involved ina project.

Monitoring resources and maintaising srogress against budgets

Overseeing the acted! conntrection of the ground

Dealing with complaiets fram loca! people experiencing disruption due to budding works
Negotiating modifications with oechitects eed consulting engineers.
Organizing herean and material reicurces o> te,

Unéertadong technical and feasibeiny studies including ate investigatone
Tratring and superviwon of junine staff

Taking responsibility for healt and safety on site

Using 2 range of computer packages for developing detofed designs

Lond Surveyers - Coventry
Ove INGINEES deer 2008 — Agra 2008

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Birmingtam North Upwertity 2005-2008  — BAIMons} Civil Engineeing
Birminghars South School §=—2003 - 2005 A Levert: Maghs {8} Eaginm (Aj Prysic (C}) Geography (A)

REFERENCES — Avallatee on eequeit