Entry Level Engineer
Address, phone number, email address

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Civil and Environmental Engineering December 2011
University 123, Moscow, ID GPA 3.22/3.45
Relevant Coursework:

Environmental Engineering Aur Pollution Control Hydraulics

Ecological Effects of Wastewater Fluid Mechanics Technical Writing

Crvil Eng neering Systems Survey Engineering Hydrology
Project Highlights:

“Declining Salmon Runs on the White River”
e Gathered and analyzed field samples in group of three students and a faculty advisor.
e Determined excessive amounts of Nitrogen and Phosphorus were released into nver by water treatment
plants, violating Clean Water Act and Tribal Fishing Rights as well as threatening salmon populations .
e Presented findings to engineering dean and faculty, fellow students, and members of the Board of Regents.
e Researched and wrote reports (40+ pages each) on metal and concrete as construction materials.

COMPUTER SKILLS

e AutoCAD, MATLAB, Solid Works, basic Java programming, ArcGIS, Windows 2000/XP and MS Office
ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
ABC Company, Richland, WA Summers 2010 and 2011
Summer intem / Fellowship

e Developed procedures, conducted videoscope inspections, and analyzed results for building stack sample
lines as required by new federal radioactive ar emissions standards under the National Emissions
Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP), 40 CFR 61, Subpart H.

¢ Preloaded NESHAPs inventory data into new ractoactive materials tracking (RMT) database and assisted
with the raciochemical processing laboratory (RPL) model stack testing.

¢ Wrote broad-scoped inspection procedures including safety considerations applicable to all buildings
across the laboratory.

e Planned and performed required inspections on time.

¢ Completed two independent self-assessments for the Effluent Management Group - one for hqui d effluent
task and one for radioactive air emissions task. Implemented recommendations.

¢ Identified errors and corrected Hanford Site standard equations for calculating effective stack height on
radioactive air emission units.

e Awarded Environmental Management Services Performance Award for exceptional workperformance.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Chi Epsilon 2010
National Collegiate Honor Society 2009
OTHER EXPERIENCE

Restaurant DEF, Richland, WA Summer 2009
Server

¢ Provided excellent customer service to up to 50 customers simultaneously.
e Tracked and maintained till amounts of $200 to $300 daily.

www, Uidaho.edu/careercenter (208) 885-6121 Idaho Commons 334