AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Planning reguianons
Health & Safety

Wind farms

Contract administration
Bid tenders

Feasibility studies

Large scale excavations
Procurement

Technical documents

Auto CAD

PROFESSIONAL
Advanced First Aid

German Speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Analytical skills

Writing skalls

Confident communicator

Superb organiser

PERSONAL DETAILS

April Gallagher

Civil engineer resume
PERSONAL SUMMARY

An experienced civil engineer who possesses the required level of strong initiative,
motivation and drive needed to achieve long-term success. April has a proactive
approach to career development, and ts willing to travel to progect sites around the
world, including remote environments with limited communications or logistical

support. Having 2 long track record of always contributing to continued business
(uaseiek aster stile caches watiote meeting of a projects objectives.
She is currently looking to join a dynamic company of motivated and hardworking
professionals who are committed to delivering high quality engineermg and
environmental services.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Construction Company « Coventry
CIVIL ENGINEER June 2010 — Present

Responsible for manazmg and executing projects, mcluding time and budget
management and quality control. As well as delivering projects successfully and being
accountable for project plannang and direction.

Duties:

© Assisting in the supervision of civil, building works or services contracts.

© Challenging structural architects m terms of proposed solutions 1.¢. construction cost,
technical requirements, sustainability, sustability or quality.

Delivermg assigned tasks for airport design & infrastructure development projects .
Surveillance and review of structures, design plans and drawings.

Preparing and reviewing documentation for regulatory approvals and contract issues.
Preparation of drawings, reports and specifications.

Ensurmg compliance wath all project QA procedures and requirements.

Preparation of bids and monitoring of project costs and progress.

Liassang wath clients and sub-consultants.

Construction Company - Walsall
TRAINEE CIVIL ENGINEER April 2010 — June 2010

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
© Extensive LT skills, and able to use these to input, manipulate, extract and present
information,

© Undertaking mspections, data collection and supervising construction of work,

© Level headed, diplomatic approach to working with others.

« Expenence of environmental design and management, including all aspects of water
supply and management for mine sites.

Designing and developang projects and programmes of maintenance work,

Able to lead technical teams, and provide project strategy and direction to them.
Knowledge of computer drafting software.

Able to mentor graduste engineers.