Robert Smith

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Most recent experiences Include structural design for various Interior and
exterior tenant improvement projects, seismic analysis and retrofit for
existing structures, and various equipment anchorage projects for
cormmercial facilities.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer
Weldlinger Associates - 2009 - 2020

Re sponsibilities:

Perforrned static or dynamic SDOF analysis on steel, reinforced CMU,
concrete, and wood structures under ATFP blast loads resulting in more
efficient structural material use,

Calculated concrete, and steel connections In accordance with ACI318
and AISC LRFD design methodologies to meet ATFP criteria and blast
load demands.

Determined quantity-distance siting for explosive processing plants
leading to an efficient and safety-oriented siting of facilities.

Generated project basis of design documents, edited specifications, and
prepared reports for project proposals and subrnittals.

Assisted architects and contractors In DoD Military Construction siting
and blast-resistant design to meet UFC building codes on

Antiterrorisny Force Protection (ATFP) projects.

Made front-end interactions with clients directly on self-managed ATFP
projects through in-person meetings and conference calls, gave client
presentations, and attended networking expos.

Participated in construction support including deterrnining solutions to
unplanned construction obstacles resulting in a more streamlined
process for clients.

Senior Civil Engineer
Delta Corporation- 2010 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Undeground pipe deign and coordinations, drainage desig and
calculations, road design and calculation.

Drainage design, undergroun pipe design and calculations.
Underground coordinator.

Inthe office of Regional Committee for Central Planning Duties Advise
and assist government and public offices in the region In drafting the
annual.

of the region for planning Participate in identification, appraisal and
programming of new projects for the region.

Front-end engineering design of grading and drainage for this 2000-acre
crude refinery project containing process units of modular design.

Work included determination of civil design criteria and development pf
preliminary grading and drainage, and demolition design drawings.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Enercalc, MathCAD, MS
Word, MS Excel, MS
Powerpoint, Blastx,
SBEDS, AutoCAD.

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Narne) |
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)