JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd, City, State, 00000
222-222 2222 / email@iaddress,com

CIVIL ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIST

Civil Engineering graduate with varied background and experience which includes Engineering Design /
Drafting and Electronic Engineering.

Able to work independently, yet possesses natural leadership strengths with strong communication and
interpersonal skills for effective development of sound teamwork relationships. Skilled at analyzing requirements,
developing innovate solutions and motivating a team to successfully complete projects.

A proven record of gaining the confidence and support of employees due to organizational strengths and strong work
cthic. Secking employment within construction o¢ cngincering company, Willing to relocate and / or work on bong-
term projects,

TECHNICAL SKILLS

LEADERSHIP: Consistently appointed leader within school team projects due to exceptional organizational,
analytical and problem-solving skills. Leadership skills developed during military training / experience.

MUNICIPAL / HIGHWAY DESIGN: Very familiar with municipal and highway regulations / standards / codes
duc to major municipal design project completed in second year of Civil Engineering program. Skilled at using
AutoCad, Autocad Civil 3D and Bentley Suite to produce detailed plans and designs and advanced piping design
which address issues and accoum foe variables.

WATER RESOURCES AND IRRIGATION STRUCTURES: Familiar with components, procedures and
calculations on damps, reservoirs, drop structures, open channels, culverts and gates. Skills with interpretation of
Precipitation records and use of statistical methods for Unit Hydrograph Analysis.

FIELDWORK SKILLS; Experienced with conducting GPS field surveys and using GIS techniques to combine data,
Skilled with using heavy construction and highways applications, survey applications, leveling circuits, vertical and
horizontal curves survey, Familiar with soil mechanics and irrigation structures.

LAB TEST SKILLS: Experieticed with sampling, analysis, and methods related to steel, concrete, asphalt and soil
lab tests.

* Problem-Solving and Solution Creation *  Self-Motivated High Performance
* Project Management * Detail and Accuracy-Oriented
* Coordination and Organization * Leadership and Team Motivation