Neil Burrows

CIVIL ENGINEER

Profile

Dedicated and experienced Civil Engineer with extensive knowledge of engineering

principles, theories, specifications, and standards, Bringing leadership, drive, and

over seven years of experience to the table. Proven track record of finishing

complex projects under budget and ahead of schedule. Substantial knowledge and

experience with environmentally sustainable construction.

Employment History

Civil Engineer, Hexagon Corporation, Hartford

Carefully managed projects so that milestones were met during agreed time
and within budget confines.

Attended meetings to discuss projects with clients, contractors, asset owners,
and stockholders.

Created detailed plans and frequently monitored progress to assure project
goals were met.

Ensured that building regulations were all met and provided thorough
directions with any unusual or difficult engineering issue.

Civil Engineer, Racon & Lewis Ltd, Danbury

Planned and directed the execution of various projects, keeping economical,
administrative, and physical requirements in mind.

Trained incoming engineers to meet standards and protocol expectations.
Wrote daily reports for accountability and quality assurance.

Advised project managers on financial decisions regarding product costs.

Junior Civil Engineer, Racon & Lewis Ltd, Danbury

Assisted senior engineers with any and all tasks related to related to ensuring
project success.

Inspected all materials to ensure project specifications and quantities properly
met.

Thoroughly inspected all major structures and supervised any revisions made.
Monitored construction and inspected installation of major systems.
Assisted with and independently produced many Engineer reports.

Education

Master of Civil Engineering, New York University, New York

Graduated with a 3.9 GPA.

Bachelor of Civil Engineering, Manhattan College, Riverdale

Graduated suma cum laude.

President of the Engineer's Society.

Details

130 Terry Boulevard
Hartford, CT 06105
United States

(203) 297-6342

neilburr_ws5 s@yahoo.com

Skills

Analytical Thinking Skills

Principles and Practices of

Engineering

Creative Problem Solving
5

Field Investigation Skills

Project Management