Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; [nfo@awikresume, corm

Website > www. qwikre sume, com

Civil Engineer/Site Engineer Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

To help achieve the goals of the company To help apply safe construction procedures and to
reduce accident on site. To abreast with the modern principles in civil engineering to Increase
production in the cornpany | serve.

SKILLS

Microsoft Office,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Civil Engineer/Site Engineer
ABC Corporation - May 1991 - May 1994

* Successfully engineered pole bid specification docurnents containing drawings and loading
data along with a project estimate.

* Prepared instructions to bidders, specifications and drawings for utility pole drilled pier
foundations.

* Proposed erosion control projects, specifications, and estimates for utility substations.

* Successfully prepared plans and estimates to upgrade substations capacity.

» Successfully engineered pole bid specification docurnents containing drawings and loading
data along with a request to obtain quotes.

* Prepared transmission line construction data book with Instructions to bidders, constructian
specifications and drawings for the installation of utility pole anchor bolted drilled pier
foundations with the use of STAAD.

* Skillfully designed stub pole for a guy wire.

Civil Engineer
AMS ASSOCIATES, INC, - 1987- 1991

* Conducted designing and drafting needs in cornrmnercial site development projects like
Shopping Centers, Lowes, Autozone, McDonalds, Kaiser and other commercial bulldings.

* Designing and drafting different plans related to construction, off site and on site
Improvement plans by Civil 3D,

* Preparing accurate plans and drawings base on codes and zoning ordinance in different
counties and cities,

* Preparing Demolition plan, site plan, grading and drainage plan, utility plan and erosion
control plans.

* Calculate C3 and Design stormwater control plan base on different counties requirernents,

* Calculate stormsewers and hydrographs for hydrology and hydraulic reports:

+ Coordinate with other consultants and clients by emails, conference calls and face to face
meeting for a accurate designing and drawings.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science In Civil Engineering - 1988(University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings