MICHAEL BERRY

SUMMARY

Result-oriented professional experienced in all Civil Engineering works, Project
Management, Contract Management, Design Review, Estimation, Quantity Surveying,
Cost Control, Material Management, Quality Management & HSE.

Pivotal in site methodologies in compliance with safety, quality & cost control standards.
Competent cross-functional skills, ensuring on-time delivery within pre-set cost
parameters.

Involved in handling quantity surveying related activities involving resource planning, in-
process inspection, and coordination with internal departments.

A keen communicator with well-honed interpersonal, problem-solving and analytical
abilities with efficiency in resolving technical & commercial issues.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Civil Engineer

2014-07 - Present

Bechtel

Assistant Engineer

Advising the contractor on requirements and interpretation of the contract.

Monitoring progress of works in accordance with the approved Master Schedule, and
advising the contractor in planning and efforts to achieve the same.

Reviewing and coordinating with all Head of Design section for all re-design initiated by
the contractor or due to field requirements.

Ensuring that work is carried out in compliance with the specifications, authority
approvals & drawings.

Ensuring the civil, structural & architectural drawings are in line, and coordinating with
other discipline design drawings for the project.

Checking interim Claims for Payment and recommending values for certification.
Responsible for full implementation, compliance check and monitoring of IMS and
Project HSE Plan.

Ensuring Hazard Identification Risk Assessment and Control procedures are being
undertaken.

Studying the requirements of the Request for Proposal (RFP)/Invitation to Tender
(ITT)/Pre-qualification Tenders/Expression of Interest (EOI), etc, related to Consultancy
Services, and submit an Executive Summary to the management including the Scope of
Works, constraints, commercial/legal risk factors, review points, relevant drawings, etc,
for their review, and forbid or no-bid decision.

2010-05 - 2014-06

Turner Construction

Structural Engineer

Involved in working closely with Managers and the rest of the project team to gain an
understanding of project objectives.

Performed, supervised, monitored and inspected construction aspects such as
excavation, formwork, reinforcement, concrete pouring and other engineering tasks
related to project.

Devised the daily progress report and daily labor report and reporting the same to PMC.
Managing quantity take-offs, subcontractor and client billing.

2007-03 - 2010-04

Chancka

9 City, State
& 000-000-0000

4 email@email.com

2 2 9 YD) >
5 2. a GB Ss Pat
3 3 a o ° =
< z Ps) D o
wo xy @ <5 id

®

a
4 8 <
5
a ®

z

Liaison & Coordination

Contract Management

eas
5 a:
fo) a
c
Qo ie)
+ =.
w fo)
= 3
= 2
D a
= Oo
rat) be |
oO s.
oO Q.
fe)
3 S
3
at

Project Management (PMP)

Bidding & Tender Evaluation

Scheduling, EOT & Delay
Analysts

TRAININGS

¢ STAAD.Pro