ROBERT SMITH
Civil Engineer Technician

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

| have more than seven years of experience in structural and civil engineering analysis and design.
lam currently working within Mesa’s Associates nuclear group, concentrating on civil/structural
engineering, project management, construction oversight, and business development. | have past
experiences in the practice of transportation engineering, civil/site design, maintenance support &
inspections for power generating plants and highway bridges, plantMacility layouts, industrial
manutacturing, as well as contract management.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Hec-Ras, Hec-Hms, Watercad, Howmaster, Arcgis, Staadpro, SAP2000, Civil 3D, Autocad.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Civil Engineer Technician
ABC Corporation - 2013 = 2015

Key Deliverables:

« Performs complete layout inspection by measuring dimensions, such as length, height, and
distance , between reference points,

» Perform needed tests on site and in the laboratory to ensure conformity of matanal and
works according fo the contract specifications:

* Constant coordination with every aspect lo make the project commence without delay,

« Planning in advance the daily activities to maximize the availiable resources.

» Proper monitoring the daily accomplishment of the project and prepare progress report for
evaluation from my superior.

» Additional responsibility includes as a OC engineer and estimator.

* Prepare estimates &amp; quantity take -oll of the assigned project, including work
scheduling in bar chant or Primavera for monitoring the timetable of every project,

Civil Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2012 = 2013

Key Deliverables:

» PROQUECTS ZABEEL LADIES CLUB ZABEEL1 - DUBAI MUNICIPALITY ALBARARI
BARLAN CITY CENTRE DUBAI (88+G+3) CLUB DUBAI Responsibilities Working with
hipper panda steel structure project (ANCHOR BOLTS & STEEL STRUCTURE)
Computing of Traverse and its Adjustment Lay out of buildings, Curves and Straights by
bearing And distance methad through coordinates.

» Tacking cross section by level calculation E/W Volumes Calculation of Slopes take and
fixing on site Fixing ot Bench marks by running doubie levels line from known To known
Bench or clase circlas.

« Giving the location of Service ducts, i.e.

» (Water), Electicity Self-comespond & good inter personal communication skills:

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines