Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

ABs Marshville Road,

- —T = abana
Senior Civil Engineer I (123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Gvil Engineer with more than 30 years of experience In design and SKILLS
construction of various types of facility projects including utility, roads and Microsoft Office,
streets, airfields, administrative, industrial, recreational, housing and Computer, Project
healthcare. Experienced in all aspects of the design and construction of Management,
facility projects, Including renovation, restoration and modernization, Enanaan
hazardous material remediation, and new construction, Pale}
WORK EXPERIENCE LANGUAGES
Senior Civil Engineer ! Enalish (Native)
ABC Corporation- November 2004 - july 2006 French (Professional)
Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional)
« Prepared design and construction documentation Including
specifications, drawings and cost estimates for various sizes of facilities INTERESTS
contracts ranging from minor to major construction utilizing different bi
contracting types Including design-bid-bulld (DBB), design-bulld (DB), Sauce ecatag
indefinite quality (I1D1Q), multiple awards (MAC), and job order (JOC), Cooking
= Included technical research, development, and testing facilities and Reading

biological labs.

= Prepared Project Books for RFPs covering major military construction
(MILCON) projects over $1M for new facilities, REFERENCES

= Provided project management for AE design frorn beginning to end, _ ;
Including identifying requirements, cast estimating both design and a =% (Company
preliminary construction budgets. Reference ~ 2 (Company

= Assisted the Contracting Officer in evaluating and negotiating fee Name)
proposals with contractors.

= Participated in the development of a cornprehensive facility
management program including budgets, strategic planning, and
establishment of priorities.

= Prepared inclusive bid packages for building structures and highway
construction including drawings, detailed plans, and specifications.

Senior Civil Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2004
Re sponsibilties:
= Design engineer inthe Civil/Structural/Architectural branch of
headquarters, NAVFAC Washington providing design, engineering and
contract services to Naval facilities in the Washington National Capital
Area,
= Project engineer on a variety of in-house designed facilities across
several disciplines Including civil, structural, architectural and
environmental,
= Prepared designs for erosion and sediment control, and stormwater
management in accordance with State, Federal and local requirernents.
= Coordinated with and submitted plans for review and approval to
jurisdictions in Maryland, DC and Virginia.
= Project manager on AE design projects,
© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikkresume. com. Usage Gukielines