ROBERT SMITH

Civil Engineer Ill

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Bilingual Military Professional with a strong background in Civil Engineering
seeking to transition fram the Air Force to a role with the Department of Homeland
Security, Highly enthused, reliable and an effective communicator who loves to
achieve positive results with superior time management and conflict resolution
skills,

APRIL 2005 - AUGUST 2009
CIVIL ENGINEER lil - ABC CORPORATION

200
civ

Maintained fuel pipdines, tanks, and other related components to allow for
smooth operation for the air base.

Maintained bathroom piping in deployed location to ensure base hygiene needs
were met.

Upheld the position of Hazardous Waste Manage for assigned shop, and was
responsible for the proper storage and disposal of hazardous waste.

Conducted emergency operations as a member of the hazardous spill response
team, where HAZMAT contaminated areas were isolated, treated, and waste has
been disposed of.

Instructed and delegated procedures as a confined space entry supervisor
Instructed military personnel merging into the career field about the
procedures, assessment of inspections and life threatening dangers affiliated
with confined space subterranean fuel tank cleaning, and how to exercise every
precaution to insure that all engaged In the procedure is safe

Instructed merging military personnal on how to make a rapid fuel pipdine
repair during a contingency scenario.

Operated a reverse osmosis pumping unit (ROPU) during contingency training to
galn needed knowledge for producing potable water,

1 - 2005

IL ENGINEER - KIEWIT COMPANIES
Reviews designs for construictability and manages crews to build work in
accordance with the project specifications, while maintaining aggressive
schedules and budgets.
Also works closely with design engineers to convey intent to construction crews.
Works closely with management to build complex schedules and make sure
work progresses In accordance with them.
Liaise with temporary structures design teams to convey site conditions,
Solicits quotes from subcontractors and works closely with them so they
understand their scope Worked on several large projects over 200 million dollars
including o Transmission line, Border Fence, Waste water treatment plant,

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines