TOM NUNEZ

Experienced Civil Engineer & Project Leader
\ +1-541-754-3010
9 San Francisco, CA

@ help@enhancv.com

SUMMARY

With over 10 years of experience in civil engineering, | bring a deep technical
proficiency and a proven track record of managing large-scale bridge projects. |
am adept at using tools like SAP, CSI Bridge, CTBridge, AutoCAD, and
MicroStation, and have a strong understanding of Caltrans and local agency
design standards. One of my biggest achievements has been the successful
completion of a major bridge project that won the ‘Best Infrastructure Project’
award.

EXPERIENCE

Senior Civil Engineer

ABC Engineering

fi 2018-2023 @ SanFrancisco, CA

Led the design and implementation of bridge projects.

« Managed a team of 10 engineers, resulting in successful completion of 5
major bridge projects within a year.

* Implemented new design standards, reducing project costs by 15%.

* Conducted regular site investigations, ensuring compliance with local
regulations.

Civil Engineer II

XYZ Infrastructure

@ 2015-2018 Q San Francisco, CA

Worked on the design and analysis of bridge projects.

* Designed and analyzed over 30 bridge structures using SAP and CSI Bridge.

« Prepared detailed construction drawings and contract documents for 20+
projects.

* Coordinated with local agencies to ensure compliance with design standards
and criteria.

Civil Engineer |

PQR Construction

fH 2012-2015 @ SanFrancisco, CA

Assisted in the planning and development of bridge projects.

« Assisted in the planning and development of 10 bridge projects.

* Prepared technical reports, cost estimates, and proposals for various
projects.

¢ Collaborated with different teams to ensure smooth execution of projects.

EDUCATION

MSc in Civil Engineering
University of California, Berkeley
@ 2013-2014 Q Berkeley, CA

Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering

University of California, Berkeley
fi 2008-2012 9 Berkeley, CA

www.enhancv.com

@® linkedin.com

SKILLS

SAPCSI BridgeCTBridgeAutoCADMicroStation
Project ManagementBridge Analysis
Design StandardsContract Documents

STRENGTHS

¥* Project Management

Managed over 20 large-scale bridge projects,
ensuring they were completed on time and
within budget.

@ Technical Proficiency

Proficient in using SAP, CSI Bridge, CTBridge,
AutoCAD, and MicroStation for designing and
analyzing bridge structures.

Y Regulatory Knowledge

In-depth understanding of Caltrans and local
agency design standards, criteria, practices,
and policies.

ACHIEVEMENTS

# Bridge Design Patent

Developed a unique bridge design that was
patented and has been adopted in multiple
infrastructure projects.

iy Leadership in ABC Engineering

Promoted to a leadership role within two
years at ABC Engineering due to exceptional
performance and project management skills.

MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

Engineers like to solve problems. If there are
no problems handily available, they will create
their own problems.

LANGUAGES
English
me GOS ee

Spanish
Advanced

Powered by (XJ Ennancy