GRANGER FISHER

159 Evergreen Ln,, Memphis, TN 38018 | | C: $55.322.7337 | oxample-emaigexample.com

Summary
Dedicated Civil Engineer skilled in al phases of engineering operations. Consistently fintshes projects under budget
and ahead of schedule, Forward-thinking professional tamiliac with all aspects of construction and commercial and
reskiental planning. Advocates for sustainable infrastructure and green city-planning. Committed to designing

Highlights

© «Project management © Erosion and sedimentation control

© Operational analysis ° Land development planning

* Technical plan execution ¢ Strong technical aptitude

© Water piping design e Cornpiex problem solver

© Materiats management © Critical thinker

Experience

Senior Civil Engineer 01/2011 to Current
Nelson Land Development Memphis, TN

© =Mentor and train junicx engineers on design of piping systems and sedimentaton control processes.
© Pian and Girect the execution of technical, economical, and administrative functions, of various projects,
«@ Oversee technical engineoring staff to guarantee the successh completion of the project.

«© © Withe daily Getaled reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.

¢ Produce and issue precise technical specications and data sheets.

© Advise the project manager regarding construction material costs and quantity calculations.

© Write dally Getated reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.

Civil Engineer 10/2005 to 12/2010
Public Works Department, City of Memphis Memphis, TN

Computed load and grade requirements and material stress factors 1o determine design specifications.
complex design software and Grawing tools to plan and design ransporiation systems,

Collaborated wath contractors and Giients as the on-site engineer for several large public projects.

Added other departments in development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking lot, and drainage projects,

Created detased public reports regarding Dki proposals, deeds, and emironmental impact statements.

Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.

Produced and issued precise technical specificatons and data sheets.

ee eeeeee

Education
Bachetor of Science: Civil Engineering 2006
University of Tennessee Memphis, TN
Recipient of Anhur Michaels Scholarship
Affiliations

American Society of Civil Engineers, Member 2007-Present
Licenses

Technical Skills
AACCAD, Civil 3D, MATMAN, HYOSYS, SANSYS, WATSYS, KYPIPE, Microsoft Office Suite