PHILIP GOODWIN

PROFILE

Philip is committed to building the physical world that supports daily fife.

He strives for excellence and is an expert in making the best use of

resources, budgets snd manpower to meet an engineering projects gosls.

As 3 true professional he will always use his engineering judgement to

carefully consider the relative costs and benefits of potential actions. Right
now, he & looking for 2 suitable new position with 2 reputable company.

CONTACT CAREER

Deyjob.com, 120 Vyse Street, B'ham

0123 456 7290

nfo@csyjop.com

Linkedin.com/yourname

Facebook.com/yournsme

SKILLS 2015 - 2016

Designing the frameworks of buildings,
towers and bridges.

Being creatve when solving problems.

Experience of working on a wide range of
projects across the world.

7 2014 - 2015
Presenting findings to 2 professional and

high standard.

EDUCATION

2013 - 2014

University name Course details

2014 - 2017
College name Course details
2012-2014
school name Course details
2008 — 2012

English (A)
Maths (B)
Physics (C)

2016 - Present

REFERENCES

Referee name
308 TITLE — Company

E: info@dayjob.com
Your relationship

CIVIL ENGINEER Compeny
Responsible for managing cornplex new construction
projects. Applying for the right building permits and
safety certficstes. Involved in a number of cornplex
feasibility studies. Making bridges and buildings safe.

Deciding which machinery and plant to use.
Monitoring construction progress on projects.
Reviewing reports on productivity performance.
Preparing tenders, drawings and calculations.
Lisising with architects, builders and local groups.

CIVIL ENGINEER Company

involved in the design and construction of important
bridges. Ensuring that built structures are safe and
functional. Supervising the work of other engineers.
identifying building sites that have the best foundation.

CIVIL ENGINEER Company
Responsible for making important decision that will have
2 direct impact on an Engineering project. Conducting
complex drilling and sampling programmes. Involved in
applications. Preparing specifications of soil mixtures.

CIVIL ENGINEER Company
Responsible for managing projects from proposal to
construction and then to completion. Translating 2
client's ides into reality. Rewewing supplied drawings.

Referee name

JO6 TITLE —Company
E: info@dayjob.com
Your relationship