CRAIG MATHEWS Tr ODat 2138006 EloBeayobom

CIVIL ENGINEER WES ae

Summary A high performing civil engineer who has considerable experience of working on infrastructure,
utilities, geotechnical, structural, highways, drainage and flood prevention projects. Craig possesses
a strong desire to work on exciting and diverse projects that really make a difference to people's
lives. He is committed to providing a high quality service delivery to every client and project he
works on, and is currently looking for employment in an open, friendly and professional
environment where ideas are shared and opportunities seized.

Skills Engineering Professional Personal

Site supervision Customer focused Problem solving
Waste infrastructure Financial management Professional manner
Structural engineering People management Safety conscious
Carrying out site audits Quality assurance Can handle stress
Estimating techniques Conducting research Always pro-active
Architectural design Risk assessments Attention to detail
Tunnelling specialist HSE reviews Logical thinker
Engineering concepts Planning regulations Communication skills

Career CIVIL ENGINEER May 2007 - Present
Building Surveyors

Responsible for coming up with creative solutions to technical problems to maintain the
Company's competitive edge on bids and projects. Also in charge of liaising with other
engineering disciplines on projects to ensure integrated solutions for projects meet objectives.

Commissioning work from both in house personnel and external contractors.

Participating in project engineering reviews, studies and site investigations.

Having contractual and commercial input to the civil engineer aspects of projects.
Ensuring that all design work that is produced on a project is of a sufficient quality to avoid
any errors or rework.

Working closely with all levels of management, engineers and field operations staff.
Setting up project procedures and relevant quality forms.

Preparing progress reports.

Using design packages including Civils 3D, AutoTrack, PDS Sign/Line, AutoSign, WINDES.

CIVIL ENGINEER feb 2006 — May 2007
Construction Company