JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dynamic professional with unique combination of leadership, administrative, instructional, services, and musical acumen. Skilled analyst,
problem-solver, and planner with impressive work ethic and dedication to continuous provision of top-quality products / services in alignment
with organizational policies, procedures, standards, and regulations. Implements process improvements, best practices, new systems, and tools
to facilitate goal attainment. Multilingual communicator and relationship builder that excels in culturally-diverse environments, working with
all levels of staff, clients, and leaders.

SKILLS

¢ Operations & Customer Service Management e Team Building & Training
e Full Sales Lifecycle e Administrative Support
e Lessons Planning & Implementation ® Operational Streamlining
e Research, Writing, Editing * Process Improvement
e International & Independent News Media e Billing, Budgeting. Filing, Reception
e Arabic Language Instruction e Government Platforms
e MS Office / Mac & PC Platforms * Contract Negotiations
¢ Guitar, Violin, Symphony, Choir Performances * Consulting
* Scheduling & Calendar Planning e Client Relations

EXPERIENCE

Consultant, 02/2021 - Current
Bdo — Coral Gables. FL
Deliver consulting services focused on assisting schools, educational bodies, and organizations as well parents and students in tackling issues
related to LGBTQ education.
¢ Support efforts to eliminate discrimination, violence, and bullying within K-12 schools in US.

¢ Work closely with diverse clientele to assess and address needs in alignment with service-level agreements.

Barista, 02/2019 - Current

Loews Hotels — Rosemont, IL

Liaise with customers regarding orders, preparing specialty drinks and foods in alignment with top quality standards.
e Ensure compliance with health, safety, and sanitation guidelines.
¢ Fuel revenues by promoting specials and offering recommendations.
e Manage restocking, inventory counts, and special requests.

e Achieve and maintain top customer satisfaction and retention rates.

Guitarist, 12/2016 - Current
New England Guitar Orchestra Sep — City, STATE
Play guitar as member of Boston Guitar Orchestra.
e Tune guitars and replace worn strings.
« Memorize new pieces for group performances and concert tours.

e Practice chords and scales regularly.

Sorter & Package Handler, 04/2016 - Current

UPS — City, STATE

Provide management and sorting of mail and packages with commitment to accuracy, timeliness, and safe / efficient handling.
e Enhance services and operations, analyzing and resolving issues to ensure quality services.
e Maintain high levels of customer satisfaction, representing and protecting corporate image / brand.
* Liaise with customers and stakeholders to address individual needs and effectively handle special requests.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate of Science: Liberal Arts and General Studies

Middlesex Community College - Lowell, MA

Bachelor of Arts: Music Performance
University of Baghdad - Baghdad

Bachelor's Degree of Education: Arabic
University of Baghdad - Baghdad

Master of Arts: Arabic Language and Linguistic

California University of Pennsylvania