Management Consultant Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Dynamic business leader and results oriented professional accustomed to managing projects in
agile, fast-paced and deadline driven tearn environments. Adept at developing critical solutions
while standardizing and Improving current practices and procedures. Expertise in sales operations,
consulting, business intelligence, forecasting, and accounting practices.

Skills

Business Management Management Consulting Project Management Change Management
Executive Presentations Process Improvement Business Analysis Risk Mitigation Internal
Reporting Contract Negotiations SAP CRM Accounting.

Work Experience

Management Consultant
saaiat Perazzelll- February 2014- 2019

Managed and tested the update of the accounts recelvable system,

+ Used process Improvernent, automation, and worked across tearns to discover hidden
opportunities to reduce costs and increase team accuracy,

* Help entrepreneurs assemble business plans, raise capital, and avoid cornmon pitfalls of
starting new ventures.

+ Automated 75% of the monthly accounts receivable entry and billing processes, increased
efficiencies by 300%.
Created procedural and instructional manuals to address process Inconsistencies.
Compiled a list of next steps to further recognize increases the time saved by the finance
tearn,
Presently consulting with the director of a small college to help improve their recruitrnent and
retention.

Management Consultant
senay Solutions, LLC - 2010 - 2014

A privately held $3M Safety and Security network Integration Company Market strategy
research and analysis for emerging technology opportunities,
Business Developrnent teaming opportunity for security and telecorn engagements,

* Vendors and key customers relationship developrnent.

* General Manager / Sales Manager - Red hawk Fire & Security (www.redhawkus.corm ) Ft Worth,
TX 2013 - 2014 Installation, testing and inspecting services, integration and monitoring of fire
and security systems Successfully tumed-around 4 30+ ernployee, $10M operation and rade
it profitable in the first year.

* Reversed 4 consecutive quarters of negative profit.

* Ledthe Jexas operation with responsibility for Design, Sales, installation and Service,

+ Established business with hospitals, financial institutions, higher education and cornmercial
clients,,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines