Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website : www. qwikresume,corm

IT Consultant Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

IT Consultant/S oftware Sales with primary capabilities to provide on-site technical support
solutions and applications available for customer service delivery while ensuring satisfaction with
hardware and software on a client and server platform. Acts as the primary on-site technical
contact, providing custorner visibility, advanced technical troubleshooting support, and problern
resolution. Provides technical support including product technical training on-site, as well as via
telephone, and electronic media for product support services and corporate customers, Including
Issues escalated to the highest levels of management,

SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suite, Inventory Management, Cornputer Literate, Basic Networking,
Hardware/Software Troubleshooting.

WORK EXPERIENCE

IT Consultant
ABC Corporation - Decernber 2014 - April 2016

* Managed and constantly developed a rnarketing plan, operations plan, and T&arnp;M
contracts.

* Managed time and material contracts to provide 24/7 call as needed analysis and repair of
networks, servers, switches, routers, workstations, pos computerized cash registers, printers,
self-checkout systems, surveillance cameras (infrared, clear vision), disaster recovery systern

lans,

. Troubleshoot and repair carmmercial retail Point Of Sale (pas) equipment, TCP/IP networks,
servers, printers.

» Designed a disaster recovery plan and backup procedure to assure complete protection for
servers and workstations.

* Provided installation, upgrade and support of web, database, and application services,

* Managed and oversaw new cornmercial retail pos equiprnent Installations and site upgrades,

* Provided network vulnerability and penetration analysis Using software tools like Nessus anc
Wireshark and many other open-source and commercial software applications to verify and
protect an organizations intellectual property,

Business & IT Consultant
ABC Corporation - June 2012 - Decernber 2014

* Provided support rernotely and onsite at the client locations for email, desktops, servers, and
networks,

* Implemented network and server projects VPN, LAN/WAN, and networked systems

+ Configured and maintained servers MS exchange, windows active directory, and networking
equiprnent

+ Performed virus removal, server patch installs, and updates,

* Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving rnoderately complex software and device
issues.

* Maintained good relations with agency managernent, vendors, co-workers, and end-users.

* This iS Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines