JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Links
¢ linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-a914a529
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Result driven Transportation Executive offering 27 years of experience delivering more than a load. Highly talented in efficiency planning,
cost reduction, and budget control. Outstanding problem-solving and critical thinker in a high pressure fast moving environment. Proven
industry leader performing above the bar. Expertise in cost containment, market plan execution and business development.

Excellent communication, networking and negotiation skills. Committed to achieving strategic sales goals and building loyalty and trust, both
extemally and internally.

SKILLS
e Performance maximization ¢ Regulatory Compliance
« Relationship development e Budgets
« Team management e KPI management
e Process improvement e Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
« Business analysis e Lean principles
* Consulting e Transportation Management System TMS Software
e Program oversight e Advanced skills in ERP and WMS distribution systems
¢ Business Development e CRM and Salesforce proficiency
« Business administration e Statistic analysis
¢ Strategic Planning e Financial statements expertise
* Operations management © Profit optimization
¢ Financial Management © Profit and loss expertise
« Business planning © Non-Profit Organization Funding
« Negotiation e Revenue and profit maximizat
« MS Office ¢ Solutions-focused
« Business operations e Superior client relations
« Business development and planning ¢ Contract Negotiation
e Sales funnel development * Vendor onboarding
« Business networking ¢ Employee Onboarding
e Lead Generation e Recruiting and onboarding
* Cold Calling e Logistics Management
* Sales strategy © Supply chain distribution
« Public speaking e Budgeting and forecasting
« Database Management © Motivational leadership style
¢ Marketing © Diligent
¢ Tradeshows and events ¢ Motivational techniques
¢ Media relations e Skilled negotiator
e Advertising solution development
Work History

09/2018 to Current Consultant
Infosys Ltd — Evansville, IN

e Evaluated diverse organizational systems to identify workflow, communication and resource utilization issues.

e Finalized project plans and obtained final approval from clients.

© Monitored project activities and verified team members adhered to project's budget and business standards and
regulations.

e Reduced expenses by analyzing compensation policies and implementing competitive programs while ensuring
adherence to legal requirements.

¢ Improved organizational filing systems for confidential employee records, resulting in improved accessibility and
efficiency.

e Built brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and
programs.

e Worked closely with company executives to create and maintain marketing materials for sales presentations and
client meetings.

Considered business demands and customer preferences when developing pricing structures and marketing plans.
e Leveraged industry trends and competitive analysis to improve customer relationship building.

Implemented marketing strategies which resulted in 22% growth of carrier base.

e¢ Worked with marketing teams to create, deploy and optimize effective campaigns for transportation clients.

e Reduced marketing costs by$24,000 per month by streamlining marketing roles, leveraging communications
materials, monitoring budgets, and developing protocol.

e Formed strategic partnerships, established metrics and participated in complex negotiations.

e Observed staff to review compliance and safety to minimize losses due to violations or damage.

e Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels 21%.

e Enhanced and redefined organizational structure to maintain company's competitive edge across territories.

e Spearheaded overhaul of company best practices, leading to significantly increased staff retention rates and top-
ranking as industry leader.

e Discovered areas of improvement by generating weekly operational and sales reports.

e Trained, coached and mentored staff to support smooth adoption of new recruiting program.

e Recruited, hired and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of
positions for new organization.

¢ Developed and managed KPI's for multiple departments and analyzed KPI's to improve overall profitability and
bring in new clientele.

e Contributed to success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring
practices, training programs and management systems.

¢ Developed and implemented policies, procedures, training and development for network resource administration,
appropriate use and disaster recovery.

© Managed revenue models, process flows, operations support and customer engagement strategies.

01/2017 to 08/2018 Director of New Business Development
Crozer-Keystone Health System — Chester, PA

e Accomplished industry-leading successes for agriculture bulk customers through identifying needs and finding
solutions.

e Increased profit margins by 8% through maximizing leads and identifying new customers.

e Increased sales and brand exposure by developing new content, and sales materials and optimizing target audience
reach.

e Enhanced profitability to achieve marketing objectives and drive productivity and growth from concept to
implementation.

e Capitalized on industry and marketplace trends to strategize solutions and enhance business operations.

¢ Mentored local personnel on best practices and protocols to maximize productivity.

e Captured new customers by optimizing business strategies and launching products to diversify offerings.

* Collaborated with senior sales, engineering, and other business development executives to create best practices
marketing initiatives and media positioning for vertical markets.

e Planned and oversaw third-party shipments, managing stakeholder relationships and contracted rates.

¢ Boosted account revenue by 8% and generated $220.00 from backhaul revenue.

e Formed strategic partnerships, established metrics and participated in complex negotiations.

¢ Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins.

e Resolved conflicts and negotiated mutually beneficial agreements between parties.

© Monitored social media and online sources for industry trends.

e Assessed and targeted customer needs to forge and cultivate productive relationships and maintain top satisfaction
levels.

04/2010 to 12/2016 President
M7 Logistics — City, STATE

e Interviewed, onboarded and mentored 13 sales and marketing professionals and provided training on organizational
strategies

e Maintained P&L and shouldered corporate fiscal responsibility.

e Facilitated over $30 million in annual business for 5 years.

e Maintained 100% client retention while negotiating and executing agreements with new clients.

e Increased business profits 13% by streamlining processes and trimming unnecessary positions.

« Fostered new business through participation in trade shows and initiating communications with prospective clients
via phone and email

© Developed and implemented new strategies and policies in collaboration with executive partners to establish and
achieve long-term business objectives, providing company with strong and sustainable organizational leadership.

Developed short and long-term sales strategies to gain market share, uncover new sales opportunities and increase
revenue.

e Started company with no capital. Grew company and sold for a profit.

I developed KPI's for all departments and managed.

¢ Implemented process managed people

e Enhanced profitability by developing pipelines utilizing marketing and sales strategies.

Accomplished sales goals and boosted revenue by through market knowledge and customer relationship
management.

e Maintained financial controls, planned business operations and control expenses while identifying and pursuing
opportunities to grow business operations and boost profits.

05/2006 to 03/2010 3PI Logistics Manager
West Plains Company — City, STATE
e Handled day-to-day shipping and receiving overseeing more than 200 loads per day.
e Negotiated with 400 different freight companies and received annual contracts resulting in cost savings of 7 %.
¢ Led value-added customer service team that consistently over-delivered on customer expectations.
¢ Implemented dedicated carrier strategies to improve processes, systems and behavior.
e Planned and supervised shipments from production to end-user and scheduled daily and weekly routes to include
back hauls.
e Built carrier retention program that attracted and retained high-performing owner operators while reducing costs.
e Coordinated dispatching of 250 dedicated drivers to accomplish daily delivery requirements.
¢ Expedited resolutions of shipping errors sold rejected product to minimize claim
¢ Delivered substantial cost savings by securing discounts from other logistic services providers.
¢ Managed annual freight budget of $50 million

EpucaTIon

BBA: Business Administration And Management
University of Nevada - Las Vegas - Las Vegas. NV
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Supervised team of 30 staff members.
e Sales - Increased sales by 21% over a two year period.
¢ Founded a Non Profit Ashley's Wings

CERTIFICATIONS

© Salesforce
e Mccleod
e TIA Certified Broker