JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished Executive with a strong background in sales, project management, fostering relationships with customers and clients for

sustained business growth and employee development.

Vivacious, energetic and intelligent individual with an ability to learn new products very quickly and feels confident representing company,
self and/or products in any environment or setting.

Attentive listener/learner with excellent multitasking, communication and organizational abilities, complete absence of any apprehension
when it comes to learning a new field or changing direction if necessary.

SKILLS
¢ Strong Sales and Leadership Abilities e Persuasive Negotiation
¢ Positive and Upbeat e Reporting and Performance Analysis
* Critical Thinking e Financial Forecasting
¢ Relationship Building © Delegation and Supervision
¢ Superior Work Ethic e Team Building and Motivation
e Multitasking and Prioritizing e Resource Planning

« Business Development

Work History

04/2018 to 12/2021 Consultant

Crankfrog — Washington, DC

e Worked alongside retail representatives to enhance product presentations and advertising collateral.

¢ Deployed and assessed strategies for retaining customers and maximizing account servicing opportunities to
promote revenue consistency.

e Achieved and sustained consistent revenue streams by regularly servicing accounts and connecting with customers
to promote new products.

e Prepared pricing strategies for current customers to enhance sales and increase profitability.

e Managed efficient RFP database and responses, generating timely reports to inform and adjust plans.

¢ Maintained long-term relationships with high net-worth clients.

¢ Spearheaded team-building sales meetings to inform supervisors of changes and promote successful sales
strategies.

02/2015 to 09/2016 Co-Founder / COO /Sales Coordinator

Aquila Environmental — City, STATE

¢ Deployed and assessed strategies for retaining customers and maximizing account servicing opportunities to
promote revenue consistency.

¢ Worked alongside retail representatives to enhance product presentations and advertising collateral.

e Implemented updated CRM systems and social media marketing strategies to streamline sales processes and
optimize communication.

¢ Reduced errors during sales and service processes by devising and deploying template responses.

e Achieved and sustained consistent revenue streams by regularly servicing accounts and connecting with customers
to promote new products.

e Stayed updated on all current technology and application and maintained long-term relationships with clients,
resulting in increased overall sales.

e Kept detailed records of sales and customer information in CRM software, updating database regularly to maintain
top-notch service.

e Provided effective recommendations to increase customer satisfaction and marketing effectiveness to secure long-
term accounts.

03/2013 to 02/2015 Co-Founder /President of Operations

Envirolux Environmental Solutions — City, STATE

¢ Employed optimal safety practices to reduce work site complaints, hazards, incidents or lost-time accidents to
improve overall OSHA scores and expand bid opportunities.

e Diminished regulatory risks by overseeing adherence to insurance and safety regulations across projects.

e Achieved under-budget and on-time project management to adhere to project goals.

¢ Developed and implemented new strategies and policies to establish long-term business objectives and provide
strong and sustainable organizational leadership.

e Initiated on-time, under-budget project management to optimize performance.

e Fostered new business through participation in trade shows and initiating communications with prospective clients
via phone and email .

e Attended trade shows and client meetings, promoting company brand and building rapport with prospects and
partners.

¢ Led operational team in creation, roll out and management of new product lines.

e Generated 500% increase in client accounts through implementation of effective market strategies across major
search engine platforms.

e Initiated operational improvements using lean methodologies to drive efficiency and reduce costs.

e Increased company growth through collaboration with sales and marketing departments.

06/1999 to 12/2013 CEO/ President

EDUCATION

Pinnacle Lighting, LLC — City, STATE

e Increased company revenue from $2MM to $5MM (years 1-3), $5MM to $9MM (years 3-8) and established
accounts receivable total of $11MM by January 2010, all through aggressive new market strategies.

e Coached and guided sales managers to improve effectiveness and policy enforcement, resulting in improved
employee job satisfaction and higher performance levels.

e Identified and capitalized on short- and long-term revenue generation opportunities to maximize bottom-line
profitability.

© Developed and implemented strategic updates to assist and encourage operations to solve issues affecting
efficiency, profitability and production.

e Spearheaded product line diversification to achieve 400% increase in revenue and penetrate wider markets.

© Developed and implemented strategic updates to project management operations to solve issues affecting
efficiency, profitability and production.

¢ Determined vision and strategic direction and coordinated resources to achieve targets within optimal timeframes.

¢ Determined vision and strategic direction and coordinated resources to achieve targets within optimal timeframes.

Associate of Science: Business
University of North Texas - Denton, TX

High School Diploma

Newman Smith High School - Carrollton, TX

Certification in Fire Science: Fire Science
AVFD Fire Science Academy - Argyle, TX