Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

. ° abama
Associate Business Consultant (123}-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
5+ years of experience as a Business Consultant. Proficient at gathering SKILLS
business and technical requirements, asking detailed questions and Tableau, Microsoft Office
carefully recording the requirements in a format that can be reviewed and Suite, Outlook,
understood by both business and technical people. Strong attention to Salesforce, SharePoint,

detail and excellent time management and organizational skills needed to

meet critical deadlines, Presentations, Program

Management, Logic
Design, Microprocessor
WORK EXPERIENCE ors lala oie Design,

Associate Business Consultant Strategic Alliances, and

ABC Corporation. May 2016 - Present Product Marketing,
Re sponsibilities:
« Serving as 4 consultant on nationwide Insurances Internet optimization LANGUAGES
team.
= Working toward identifying opportunities to improve inefficiencies while Pld il dels onal)
driving a first-class member experience. Spanish (Professional)

« Goals accomplished by use of test and learn methodology, agile and
collaboration.

* Coriducting exploratory data mining and data cleaning on existing INTERESTS
databases. Climbing

= Documenting agile swim lane flowcharts with whiteboarding and Snowboarding
taskboard prn tool, Cooking

* Gathering functional and non-functional requirernents that reflect the Reading

goals of the test and learn tear, define architecture requirements and
present findings,

* Creating customized menus and recipes with high regard to business REFERENCES
concept, food cost, and production restraints, Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Business Intelligence Specialist Alot ~ 2 (Cornpany
ABC Corporation- May 2014 - May 2016 ame)

Responsibilities:

= Utilize tableau desktop 9.3 as a front-end business intelligence tool to
develop workbooks and dashboards for cross-functional business Users;
providing hospitals with call and usage data and internal customers with
extensive granularity,

* Build and publish Tableau reports utilizing calculated fields, table
calculations, filters and parameters with drill-down options.

= Created Adhoc and custorn reports to users using various data sources;
bullt dashboards using techniques for guided analytics, Interactive
dashboard design, and visual best practices; produced attractive
visuals/dashboards to convey the story inside the data.

«= Worked with business users to understand the user requirements,
layout, and look and feel of the application to be developed.

= Analyzed complex business problems and issues using data from
Internal and external sources to provide Insight to decision-makers,

= Work closely with business owners to understand business challenges
and provide data/analysis for better decision making acted as tableau

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines