@ City, State

Joop Taylor —

A email@email.com

Corporate Consultant
Summary

My personal strength is in project management and business development within the field of HR and
Compensation and Benefits. The executive MBA of the RSM brought me a holistic view of organizations and
I'm able to work in 4 different languages and enjoy working in different cultures.

Work Experience

Corporate Consultant 2018-01 - Present
Boston Consulting Group

3

e Conducting training and workshops for various corporate clients.

e Generate business for HCL- CDC from various quarters by conducting seminars and consultation
Sessions.

e Helping high-end developers (as a client) in their projects.

e Visiting client side for successful completion of different projects.

e Conducting the Trainers program where Trainers are updated on the latest technology.

e Conducting Personality Development session as complimentary sessions to technologies.

Manager 2017-02 - 2017-12

PWC

e Involved in the development of the Reward business in the Romandie area; the French-speaking part of
Switzerland.

Our service offering consists of the development and implementation of:
e Long-term incentive plans (mostly option and share plans).

e Support for pension plans and flexible benefits.

e Job evaluations with a PwC owned methodology called STRATA.

e Board advice on corporate governance.

Corporate Trainer 2016-11 - 2017-01
TechAhead

e Provided corporate training and consultation for corporate clients as well as individuals for different
CAD software.

In-depth knowledge of BIM and CAD-related software.

Vast experienced in developing all type of Engineering Drawings, (Arch., MEP, Structural).

Developed and customized training contents as per the client's requirements.

Corporate Training for Major Engineering Companies.

Managed Online marketing campaign for Business Development.

Developed original material for the professional growth of employees.

Analyzed workplace needs and developed programs to meet those needs.

Attended meeting with clients & corporate college management for business growth.

Corporate Trainer 2015-09 - 2016-10
World Wide Technology

e Imparted Training for all type of Engineering Drawings of different fields.

e Trained professionals in Shop/Presentation Drawings using AutoCAD and Adobe Photoshop and Adobe
Ilustrator.

e Taught Complete Building/Villa Designs Using Revit Software with all MEP details.

e Modeling in 3D Studio Max and rendering using V-Ray.

e Created Realistic Walkthroughs for the Building and Villas projects.