Risk consultant CV template

AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY

Risk workshops A experienced professional with over 3 years invaluable experience of risk
management along with implementing and improving agreed project methodologies
and procedures. A motivated team player with extensive health & safety skills,

Writing and preparing leadership abilities and able to assemble and manage multi discipline project teams.
safety cases Able to utilize various analytical procedures to identify internal problems a business
may have, possible corporate threats, and potential financial losses. Possessing real
Performing audits drive, a willingness to succeed and a positive, proactive approach.
Compile risk assessment Seeking to develop a career in the Health & Safety industry, Currently looking for a
reports suitable position with a company that provides potential to grow and develop.
Training staff WORK EXPERIENCE
Health& Safety Consultancy
Designing risk RISK CONSULTANT Mar 2008 — Present
management procedures
Working out of a office, supporting a range of clients, providing high oer
client focused H&S advice and assistance. Also involved in developing ne
business, and promoting value adding relationships with existing Siok.
Duties:
PROFESSIONAL e Advise clients regarding legislative compliance.
© Ensuring that corporate policies adhere to governmental regulations.
NEBOSH Diploma @ Technical report writing.
« Managing internal controls to ensure they are functional and adequate.
CMIOSH e Carrying out compliance audits.

© Provide support for incident investigations.

e Reviewing operational procedures and guidelines,

e Managing and participating in a diverse array of safety studies,
PERSONAL SKILLS e Taking ownership and responsibility for service delivery to clients.

© Carry out client facing and service delivery activities,

Flexible attitude
EXPERIENCE AND KEY COMPETENCIES
Communicating skills
e Ability to work in a safe and efficient manner.
An eye for detail « Implement the overall risk management process for an organisation.
@ Excellent communication and technical skills.
Fluent in German e Safety reports and their supporting hazard, risk and consequence assessments.
e Experience in building surveying and an understanding of building construction.
Problem solving e Highly organised with good planning skills & ability to meet strict deadlines.

« Safety Management System (IMS) development experience.

e Can explain ideas clearly and have strong negotiating skills.

e Familiar with a wide variety of hazard identification and hazard analysis techniques.
e Target driven with unlimited amounts of energy and enthusiasm,