SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

[job title] with more than [number] years of experience planning, developing and implementing [program or
process] Experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with
strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences.high level of
client interaction utilizing my extensive knowledge and experience in the retirement and compensation fields.
Resourceful, Responsible, Results-oriented, Seasoned, Self-directed, Service-driven, Skilled, Strategic,
Superior, Talented, Versatile, Well-qualified, Adaptable, Ambitious, Analytical, Articulate, Award-winning.
Business-savvy, Client-focused, Committed, Conscientious, Consistent, Creative, Customer-focused,
Customer-service focused, Deadline-driven, Deadline-oriented, Dedicated, Dependable, Detail-oriented,
Disciplined, Driven, Dynamic, Effective, Energetic, Experience, Expert, Flexible, Focused, Gifted, Hands-on.
Hardworking, Highly motivated. High-performing, Innovative, Mature, Meticulous, Motivated, Multi-task-
oriented, Organized, Outstanding, Performance driven, Personable, Positive, Pragmatic, Proactive,
Productive, Proficient, Reliable, AccomplishedHighly qualified, detail-oriented and hardworking [Job Title] with
more than [Number] years of experience. Proficient in research, writing, case management and client
relations. Expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications,
website design (HTML), CMS and hosting, networking issues and social media.

¢ Cost Benefit Analysis (CBAs) ¢ Productivity improvement
e Account reconciliations e Microsoft Office Suite expert
e Organized e Work flow planning
e Unsurpassed work ethic ¢ Detail-oriented
e Results-oriented e Superb time management
« — Skills
CONSULTANT 1997 to 07/2015

Ins Markit | Us Remote, AZ

e Planned, designed and implemented retirement and compensation programs of varying size and scope.

e Provided technical and consulting services on qualified and non-qualified retirement. compensation and
incentive plan issues to clients and other consultants.

e Prepared plan documents, amendments, summary plan descriptions and employee meeting materials
for retirement, incentive and compensation programs.

e Implemented policies and procedures to administer executive compensation programs.

¢ Designed multiple costing, accounting and tax models to assist clients with selection of program
alternatives.

e Performed various market analyses for clients to determine competitiveness to market in the areas of
compensation and benefits.

PRCMARY ADMINISTRATIVE CONSULTANT 1995 to 1997
Truist Financial Corporation | Boise, ID

e Administered multiple clients' defined contribution retirement plans.

e Prepared and filed IRS Form 5500 series reporting Prepared all required plan compliance testing
including ADP/ACP testing, top heavy testing, annual additions testing, minimum coverage testing and
other required discrimination testing.

e Implemented systems to automate multiple job functions.

e Consistently exceeded target fee realization ratios on all client relationships.

TROASURY ANALY ST 01/1993 to 01/1995
Warnermedia | IL, State

e Designed and maintained cash collection and disbursement systems.

e Managed short-term cash/debt balances and daily bank relationships.

e Managed execution of wire transfers and foreign exchange transactions.

e Prepared financial reports and developed spreadsheets and programs for financial modeling and
forecasting.

e Provided information systems support to treasury department.

PE_ISION ANALYST 01/1992 to 01/1993
West Fraser | Lake Butler, FL

e Assisted with the selection and review of plan trustees, investment managers, record keepers and
actuaries.

e Monitored performance and activity of company's domestic defined benefit and defined contribution
pension plans.

e Acted as liaison between plan trustee, record keeper, actuary and internal benefits department.

e Responded to participant questions on plan investments Completed annual reporting with Internal
Revenue Service, Department of Labor, Securities Exchange Commission and Pension Benefit
Guarantee Corporation.

e Prepared annual board reports on global pension plan performance.

INCERN 1991 to 1992
Aeroquip-Vickers, Inc | City, STATE

e Reconciled trust bank statements to record keeper accounts.

e Monitored performance of retirement plan investment managers.

e Prepared and maintained quarterly investment performance reports.
e Allocated insurance claims to plant locations.

Master of Business Administration | Administration 1995
University of Toledo, Toledo, OH

GPA: GPA: 3.4

Ba_helor of Business Administration | Finance 1991

University of Toledo, Toledo, OH
GPA: GPA: 3.2 Dean's List

Se-act One 1987
St. Ursula Academy, Toledo, OH
GPA: GPA: 3.7 Graduated with highest honors and in top 10% of class *National Honor Society

accounting, ADP. automate, benefits, consulting, costing, Crystal Report, client. clients, financial modeling,
financial reports. forecasting. foreign exchange, Novell GroupWise 5.5, information systems, insurance,
Microsoft Internet Explorer, investments, market, materials, Microsoft Access 2000, Microsoft Excel 2000,
Exchange, Microsoft Outlook Express, Microsoft PowerPoint 2000, Windows 95, Windows NT, Microsoft Word
2000, Netscape Navigator, Operating Systems, policies, reporting, Securities, spreadsheets, tax, treasury,
Writer