JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Industrious managerial position with strong background maximizing client relations with excellent communication skills and expert follow-up
on issues. Proven history of expanding client base by implementing targeted marketing initiatives.

SKILLS
¢ Office management software © Self-directed
« Accounts reconciliation e Data entry
e File and data retrieval systems e Training and development
¢ Scheduling meetings e Event coordination
« Customer service orientation e Reception
¢ Invoicing and billing e Senior leadership support
e Interpersonal communications e Expense reporting
« Billing e Professional demeanor
¢ Motivational leadership style e Lead generation
¢ Inventory control ¢ Consultative sales
« Computer proficiency * Sales proposal creation
e Ability to prioritize e Customer liaison
¢ Payroll and benefits e Customer relationship management
e Scheduling and calendar management e Sales strategies
e Project management e Sales closing
e Public relations * Post-sales support
¢ Proposal writing ¢ On-site product demonstrations
¢ Customer relations e Product and service knowledge

¢ Banking operations
EXPERIENCE

10/2020 to Current CONSULTANT
Nystec — Rome, NY

e Listened to customers to understand needs and refer to optimal services.

e Greeted incoming customers and provided expert sales and service to drive revenue.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.

¢ Demonstrated products in effort to show potential buyers benefits and advantages and encourage purchases.

© Cultivated productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after sales.

e Handled credit and debit card payment processing to complete purchasing experience.

e Increased revenue by skillfully upselling and closing customer sales and driving product benefits around client
needs.

¢ Boosted client satisfaction ratings by offering proactive resolution ideas while driving actionable responses to
questions, concerns or challenges.

e Landed new customer accounts through consistent combination of perseverance, dedicated cold calling and
exceptional service.

¢ Priced out products for customers and drew up sales paperwork.

e Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.

e Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer
service.

¢ Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.

e Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.

© Identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets.

e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.

¢ Demonstrated product features to align with customer needs.

¢ Developed targeted lists and new business opportunities, accelerating sales process to achieve results.

e Presented products and services to prospective and existing customers to meet client needs.

e Adhered to company initiatives and achieved established goals.

© Developed customized sales techniques to successfully sell and upsell services to new and existing clients.

e Drove substantial sales through suggestive selling and by promoting add-on purchases.

10/2017 to 12/2018 Executive Director
Amikids — Columbia, SC
e Established excellent relationships with residents and family members by proactively identifying problems and
acting appropriately to ensure resident engagement and satisfaction.
e Improved organizational processes and regulatory compliance by implementing new personnel structure with clear-
cut roles and responsibilities.

¢ Provided services including counseling, case management, education and job training to diverse client base.

e Shared mission of organization with public through successful community outreach and marketing strategies.

e Delivered premier line of business by building client confidence and trust, managing speedy site conversion,
accomplishing launch goals and exceeding client expectations.

¢ Generated several new client relationships and profit revenue over 10 months by driving effective business
development strategies.

e Partnered with other similar businesses to assess competition and plan sales and business development initiatives.

¢ Spearheaded recruitment of top talent to fill vacancies such as media directors, and prospect clients/cast members.

e Cultivated positive image across all social media forums by developing partnerships with media, business and
community groups.

© Developed and directed activities of team, implementing culture of excellence by modeling expected behavior of
the Artistic Director.

¢ Choreographed step and moves sequences for dancers.

e¢ Demonstrated various dance routines, watched and evaluated dancers and tweaked steps to produce outstanding
shows.

e Oversaw various dance projects from conceptualization to completion.

¢ Protected company reputation and built loyal client base by working relentlessly to resolve problems and improve
customer satisfaction.

© Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.

© Developed exceptional attendance record with special attention to punctuality and preparation to work upon arrival.

© Delivered an exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions.

e Provided onsite training.

e Prepared choreography for individual and group performances.

e Instructed 100+ students of various ages in multiple dance disciplines.

¢ Provided outstanding commercial and industry services to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to
concerns and developing solutions.

e Planned and executed monthly projects and events.

01/2012 to 12/2014 Chief Executive Officer
State Of Massachusetts — West Springfield, MA

¢ Provided leadership to organization, establishing business direction and actualizing operational plans to meet client
expectations and profitability goals.

e Oversaw strategic business decision-making to develop, enhance and enforce business mission.

e Built high-energy, forward-thinking team to modernize legacy operations and keep organization agile in changing
conditions.

e Communicated with clients to meet fiduciary obligations, strengthen relationships and define client objectives.

¢ Handled contract signing, fee collection, business accounts payable and receivable functions, and event booking
activities.

¢ Promoted services and expanded vendor network by attending and participating in industry events.

e Trained and supported cross-functional teams comprised of customer service, marketing, and sales teams.

e Organized corporate events, including luncheons and dinners, conferences and special events.

¢ Organizeded events, including location selection and booking. scheduling, marketing initiatives, resourcing and
seminar coodination.

¢ Managed strategic business planning and day-to-day operations

¢ Worked with camera department to meet production needs and provide personnel with requisite tools and
equipment.

e Directed successful show in company history through positive engagement, effective communication and dynamic
collaboration.

e Hired artists, directors, performers, actors, stagehands and designers.

e Provided organizational leadership to multimedia production company specializing in video and mobile application
development.

© Coordinated, planned, produced and edited commercial videos for corporate clients in various industries.

e Drove business growth and success through implementing marketing and sales strategies.

08/2007 to 08/2008 National Director
John Robert Powers School System — City, STATE

e Managed projects in field, supervising team of 12+ staff members and meeting all anticipated deadlines.

e Prepared monthly, quarterly and annual sales forecasts to effectively plan sales strategies.

¢ Determined annual unit and gross-profit plans by implementing marketing strategies and analyzing trends and
results.

e Addressed customer complaints to drive satisfaction and adjusted operational strategies to reduce issues.

e Researched and identified potential customers and new market opportunities on continuous basis to maintain
sustained revenue growth.

e Maintained productive national sales staff by strategically recruiting, orienting and training top-notch employees.

e Oversaw inventory purchases and sales contracts to keep records current and compliant.

Cultivated dynamic relationships with students, parents and guardians by serving as school resource.

Successfully managed 100+ student school for 3 years.

Facilitated collaboration and cooperation between departments and cross-functional teams to support and establish

programs, lessons and student activities.

e Resolved situations, positively affected behavior and motivated enhanced academic performance by cultivating
strong student and parent relationships.

¢ Determined what information needed to be presented to large groups by interacting with new, and current families.

© Delivered speeches to groups of people in various venues addressing arts and entertainment education.

e Researched business needs, goals, marketing strategies, competitors and industry trends to guide public relations

presentations and planning.

¢ Cultivated network of several media and communications professionals to maintain strong partnerships, secure

positive coverage and facilitate quick dissemination of information.

Devised public relations strategies to engage with and influence general public in support of accomplishing

business objectives and boosting revenues.

© Optimized procedures to streamline efficiency, reduce labor hours and boost profitability.

e Established, enforced and updated policies to keep business agile and responsive to changing market conditions.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively
diffusing situations.

e Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps, including on-
boarding. orientation and benefits.

¢ Oversaw office financial management, including AP/AR and payroll administration.

e Elevated productivity initiatives and managed presidential calendar, including coordinating itinerary and

scheduling appointments.

Monitored and controlled office inventory to ensure adequate supply levels, timely product ordering and efficient

management of company resources.

e Maintained impeccable office organization to support efficiency, professionalism and performance objectives.

e Administered physical and digital filing systems, keeping records well-organized and easily retrievable by team
members.

¢ Managed financial documentations such as expense reports and invoices.

e Automated office operations. managing client correspondence, record tracking and data communications.

© Coordinated travel arrangements, including booking hotel rooms, car rentals and airfare for staff traveling to
domestic and international locations.

¢ Completed billing, collections and reporting duties on daily basis.

¢ Trained and mentored administrative staff members in company policies, daily task execution and industry best
practices.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2004 High School Diploma
Alhambra High School - Alhambra, CA

CERTIFICATIONS

e Premium products Training - 2023

¢ Certified Consultant, Best Buy - 2023

e Appliances, Home Theater, Networking, Security, Health/Fitness, Computers License - 2023
¢ Pacific Sales Home & Kitchen, Magnolia Design Center, Best Buy - 2023