Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Work over rig operator at key energy with Leadership experience and exceptional people skills. Versed in well site set up and [All
phases of Well site functions]. Desires a challenging role as a [consultant].

Core Qualifications
¢ Operations management e First Aid training ([annuually])
¢ Excel in [crew management,leadership] e Natural leader
e Proficiency in [making sure job is done the right way] ¢ Solid independent worker
® Quick learner e Basic math skills
¢ Deadline-driven ¢ Troubleshooting at component level
e Exceptional multi-tasker ¢ Solid communication skills
¢ Decisive problem solver * Strong interpersonal skills
e Organized and efficient ¢ Strong organizational skills
¢ Motivated team player ¢ Strong work ethic
¢ Sound judgment e Team player
¢ Managing large crews e Valid CA driver license
¢ Expertise in [preperation and follow thru] ¢ Deadline driven
¢ Quality control e Manual labor skills
e OSHA regulatory compliance e Flexible work schedule
¢ Dependable independent worker e Establishing goals and setting priorities
¢ Excellent plan comprehension * Good mechanical aptitude
¢ Troubleshooting © Good verbal/written communication skills
e Customer service skills ¢ Power tools
¢ Good at following instructions ¢ Lifting up to 100 lbs
e Training and development e Production line/assembly line forklift experience
¢ Client-focused ¢ Proficiency with mechanical and electric tools
¢ Knowledgeable of quality control standards ¢ Detail-oriented

Experience

Consultant, 01/2020 to 03/2020
Transunion — Saint Cloud, MN
e Performed researched analysis to ascertain detailed client need.
e Established quality standards and performed work according to project schedules.
e Oversaw project schedules and evaluated progress toward important milestones at every phase of project.
e Assembled action item roadmaps to detail initiatives and provide insight into reporting for budgeting and planning specifics.
¢ Met with stakeholders, contractor product teams and customers throughout system development life cycle.
¢ Documented research findings and prepared polished reports highlighting results and potential improvement strategies.
e Furnished custom-tailored advisory services to boost performance, hiring practices and management systems.
¢ Cooperated with project partners to develop system analysis and new system design based on client specifications.
¢ Evaluated internal systems and prepared training initiatives to mitigate ongoing problems.
¢ Laid out consulting services governing orders, activities, schedules and employee performance.
¢ Updated all stakeholders on key project milestones on monthly basis.
e Recorded and reported job-related activities, findings, discrepancies and decisions.
e Reviewed diverse organizational problems to assess concerns with areas such as workflows, communication and cost controls.
¢ Reviewed processes for approving applications, generating notes to contribute toward new processes.
¢ Coordinated with appropriate departmental staff members to assign proper procedures for project implementation and strategic
aim.
e Listened to clients’ needs and assisted with identifying and securing appropriate services.
¢ Implemented needs assessment mechanisms to identify demand for products and services.
e Oversaw and supervised onsite consultant teams and liaised between team and business executives.

e Adhered to guidelines and enabled compatibility through effective analysis and troubleshooting.

Fishing Tool Hand, 10/2019 to 01/2020
Donaldson Companies — Greeneville, TN
e Assisted assessment of finalized product development to maintain QC standards.
¢ Completed product assembly according to standardized procedures.
¢ Used company tracking system to locate and pick merchandise to fulfill daily customer orders.
¢ Set up and operated production equipment according to daily work orders and safety procedures.
¢ Calibrated and adjusted equipment using tools such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, protractors and ring gauges.
e Recognized defective material and reported issues to management to facilitate prompt resolution.
¢ Unloaded incoming products off trucks, sorted items in staging area and transported items to final storage locations.
e Operated hand trucks, forklifts and scissor lifts.
¢ Built and packaged products to comply with multiple work orders and deadlines.
¢ Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.
¢ Defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and
services.
¢ Kept team on track by assigning and supervising their activities and giving constructive feedback.
¢ Resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening, finding common ground and building relationships.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

Operator, 01/2011 to 08/2018
Key Energy An Services — City, STATE
I have worked for key energy services for 8 years . 1 am currently a operator.I have been a operator for 6 years. I have worked floors
and derrick hand . I'm good at running a crew, lining guy's up for each task.
Things I have done.
Completions and production, pulled 4 1/2 picked up 4 1/2, fished seal assembly's, fished rods , fished standing valves , squeeze jobs ,
p/a plug and abandoned , anchors , packers hornet packers,over shots, jars, collars, accelerators, bumper subs , power swivel , hanger
breach lock hangers , bop's change rams, ran both steel and fiber glass rod's, good at spacing out pump’s , figuring out stretch , hydro
testing , scan log, wire line , mud pump operations , bit and scrapers, hot hornet jobs , drilled plugs ,clean outs , junk baskets , bridge
plugs. CPR training , loader training. For the last 4 years i have been on completions,fishing drilling plugs ,clean outs

¢ Monitored operating power plant equipment and readouts to identify problems and pursue corrective action.

¢ Maintained correct temperature, levels and pressures on process systems and equipment.

¢ Created and maintained daily activity logs to track ongoing operational performance.

¢ Identified machinery issues and repaired parts to keep equipment up and running.

¢ Removed and replaced tools and dyes to complete various tasks.

¢ Cleaned and lubricated equipment on regular schedules to maintain life of machinery and achieve consistent operations.

¢ Put completed products into packages and moved to staging locations.

« Accomplished tasks according to schedule, assisting team members to meet deadlines.

¢ Set up machines for various jobs to maintain compliance with manufacturing thresholds and waste reduction initiatives.

¢ Reviewed documentation and work order requirements.

¢ Received and processed written and verbal instructions, prints and work orders.

¢ Practiced safe lockout-tagout procedures to prevent injury to personnel during maintenance procedures.

¢ Regulated system conditions to balance power generation, cost and safety concerns.

* Maintained open communication with systems operators to keep line voltages, transmission loads and frequencies in check.

¢ Selected proper cutting tools, calculating parameters to manufacture components and parts.

¢ Operated, maintained and performed repairs on [Type] equipment.

¢ Evaluated materials for quality and sorted parts and final products.

¢ Compiled operational data into reports to help management spot trends and resolve problems.

¢ Calibrated each machine at beginning and end of each shift.

Education

GED
Hidden Valley High School - Grants Pass, Oregon