SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated, results-oriented leader with over 25 years’ experience in public transit operations, project
management, and supply chain management. As a management team member, managed personnel, worked
on complex, highly technical, high-risk programs, with multi-year delivery schedules. Implemented process
improvement methodologies and provided strategic and technical leadership to deliver projects on time and
on budget. Managed performance analysis and policy development. Strong communication, organization,
analytical and people skills.

« Analytical Skills e Budgets, Personnel Management

e« Public Transport e Business processes, Presentations

« Supervisory Skills e« Business strategies, Process improvement
« Quality Assurance e« Decision-making, Procurement

« Personnel Management « Government, Strategy

« Transit Operations e Inventory Management, Supervisory Skills
e« Performance Analysis e Leadership, Supply Chain Management

« Maximo Inventory Management System « Negotiation

« MS Suite (Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint)

CONSULTANT 12/2017 to CURRENT
Infosys Ltd | Jamestown, NY

e Support daily operations for Bus Engineering Project Team.

e Develop and update standard operating procedures (SOP).

e Create repeatable processes to standardize business processes.

e Monitor project schedules, analyze data and project costs.

e Report on financial performance and forecasting information.

e Facilitate governance project reviews, steering and other project related strategy meetings.

e Develop technical specifications for new bus procurement activities.

e Develop pre-production and post-production bus inspection audit packages.

e Significant contributor to the development of a project management plan for contract deliverables
valued at approximately $500,000.

e Perform assessment of current processes and practices to purchase goods and services.

e Build strong relationships with WMATA staff to understand business challenges and opportunities.

DICECTOR, STOREROOM & MATERIAL LOGISTICS 12/2008 to 11/2016
Dish Network Corporation | Tulsa, OK

e Identify, manage and mitigate inter-project and cross-organizational dependencies and risks by
developing and implementing long-term goals.

e Developed and implemented business strategies that improved the efficiency of your inventory
management system from 72% stock levels to 98% stock levels.

e Oversaw the administration of management programs to ensure the achievement of program
requirements.

e Established and enforced policies and procedures that improve the overall operation and effectiveness
of the corporate mission.

e Provided technical supervision and direction of staff.

e Planned and assigned work priorities, established guidelines for performance expectations.

e Leadership in the management and operation of eleven storerooms operating 24/7 with inventory
valued at approximately $80 M and a staff of 50 people.

e Implement, analyze and measure key performance indicators.

e Managed inventory and capital spares valued at $80 million.

e Developed compliance guidelines for staff to meet FTA regulations for managing assets.

e Identified procurement objectives and methodologies, developed statements of work, and participated in
pré-proposal conferences.

e Developed and implemented internal controls to assure the safety and security of company assets.

PROGRAM MANAGER 12/2000 to 12/2008
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority | City, STATE

e Oversaw large scale planning and development of program to purchase 192 rail cars.

e This project involved multiple public and private stakeholders and complex, multi-party agreements.

¢ Coordinated multiple project teams, vendors and assets to ensure timely and cost-effective sequencing
and execution of critical path milestones across several projects.

e Managed the acquisition of high-risk programs, with multi-million-dollar cost impact and multi-year
delivery schedule.

e Provided expert advice, technical assistance and program guidance to peers across the organization,
stakeholders, and federal agencies.

e Lead and directed personnel and contractors in their execution of responsibilities.

e Evaluated employee performance, developed work improvement plans, recommended personnel
actions, and affected disciplinary measures.

e Established Program Governance and Controls structures to enable effective escalation and decision-
making processes.

e Streamline current business processes to maximize program efficiency and effectiveness.

e Managed program performance and regularly provided status reports and conduct presentations to
stakeholders and senior management.

e Managed the overall execution of the project to ensure strict adherence to budget, schedule, and
scope.

e Identified and managed contract deliverables while ensuring high quality standards.

e Coordinated internal resources and third parties/vendor to ensure timely and cost-effective execution of
project tasks.

e Identified and evaluated risks associated with program execution and work across organization to
establish and monitor risk mitigation plans.

e Ensured that program financial performance and forecasting information is available and reportable for
senior executives and government regulators.

e Developed, tracked and forecasted annual budgets and operating plans to support the program and
monitor and approve all program expenditures.

e Identified efficiencies and recommended improvement opportunities to various levels of management.

e Planned comprehensive negotiation strategies, coordinate with technical experts and lead negotiations.

Bachelor’s degree | Electrical Engineering
Howard University, Washington D.C.

Mie ster’s degree | Quality Systems Management
The National Graduate School of Quality Management, Falmouth, MA

Mi ster Certificate in Supply Chain Management & Logistics PMP Certification / PMI Organization
Michigan State University