Management Consultant

Greg Schulenberg

tal
Ae
VV¥U

Over 12 years of project experience
in roles with increasing responsibility
including Project Manager, Special
Projects Consultant, Software
Developer, and Subject Matter
Expert.

Certified as a Project Management
Professional (PMP), Certified Agile
Project Management Professional
(Cert.APM) & Certified Associate in
Project Management (CAPM).
Results-oriented individual with an
ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, prioritizing and
managing multiple projects and
responsibilities with high change and
high complexity.

Excellent written and oral
communication skills with an ability
to collaborate and influence others at
all levels.

Strong skills in Java/J2EE.

Object Oriented Analysis and Design.
Experience in handling multiple
projects and large programs.
Project/Program and People
Management is one area, which is
part of my life.

Exposure to Banking,
Telecommunications BSS/OSS
(Mediation-Network & Billing,
Provisioning), Healthcare and Retail
Domains.

Professional Development

Sun Certified Java Developer.
OOAD Java Object-Oriented
Methodology.

Microsoft Certified Visual Basic
Developer.

Project Management Certificate
(PMP Accredited).

Project Management Professional
(PMP) designation.

Certified Associate in Project
Management (CAPM) designation.
Certified Agile Project Management
Professional (Cert.APM) designation.

fA email@email.com

Work Experience

Management Consultant 2015-02 - Present
McKinsey & Co.

e Responsible for the planning, direction, and coordination of activity required to
effectively manage multiple projects.

e Analyzing and improving upon project proposals, to ensure management expectations
are met and a successful outcome is achieved.

© Goals, time-frames, funding limitations, staffing requirements and allocation of
resources are addressed before project execution.

e Overseeing direction and coordination of project personnel, actively participating in
the establishment of standards and procedures required For reporting and
documentation, ensuring quality assurance, as well as reviewing status reports and
modifying schedules and plans as required.

Project Management Consultant 2012-04 - 2015-01

Bain & Co.

e Managed a portfolio and owned the products related to the portfolio.

e Managed a large program with three projects and multiple releases with a peak team
size of around 45 including the external vendors.

e Reviewed the architecture and design of all the projects as part of corporate systems
pyramid to ensure enhanced quality of the system.

e Also, this is responsible for conducting technical sessions (TeachTalks) to spread the
knowledge to all the team members within the corporate systems pyramid.

e Contributed to “Delivery Excellence" and "Training & Certification" initiatives as part of
Corporate Systems raise the bar initiatives.

e Actively involved within the organization initiative of CMMI Level-5 certification process
with two of my projects in the assessment processes to help the organization get CMMI
Level-S certification.

Consultant 2009-06 - 2012-03

Boston Consulting Group

e Developed an in-house product to design the structural steel elements for various steel
structures.

e Meeting various clients as part of pre-sales activities for the design consultancy.

e Worked with major clients in design consultancy with Chioda Pertrostar, Samsung,
SABIC, Saudi ARAMCO, Saudi Shinwa etc.

MSc Computer Science 2009
Harvard University
BSc (Hons) Psychology 2006

Harvard University

Business Analysis
A LEE AGE 4G 4A 4G 4G 4G 4