Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Renowned physician with excellent experience in Palliative, Geriatric within Private Practice and ER healthcare environments.

Outstanding bedside manner and ability to connect with patients of various ages and circumstances. Focused on total person

healthcare approach encompassing physical, and mental to healing. Diligent Physician serves patient needs with high-quality, skilled

medical care. Experienced in Geriatric conditions with specialized knowledge of behavioral and mental concerns. Promotes strong

interpersonal communication and analytical skills to meet demand.
Skills

¢ Managing diseases

¢ Patient histories

¢ Disease determination
¢ Patient evaluation

e Assessment skills

¢ Condition monitoring
e Treatment regimens

e Emergency Response

Experience

Consultant, 01/2017 to Current
University Of California —- Merced, CA

e Safety and risk assessments

e Tracking client progress

¢ Suicide precautions expertise

¢ Psychiatric population familiarity

e Unit Management and Leadership

¢ Medication Prescribing and Administration
e Successful private practice

© Clinical Documentation

¢ Broadened improvement initiatives by troubleshooting problems and recommending corrective actions.

e Researched and analyzed operations to ascertain detailed client needs.

¢ Oversaw and supervised onsite consultant teams and liaised between team and business executives.

e Oversaw project schedules and evaluated progress toward important milestones at every phase of project.
e Established quality standards and performed work according to project schedules.

¢ Laid out consulting services governing orders, activities, schedules and employee performance.

¢ Served as liaison between certain departments to implement new improvement plans and changes.

¢ Coached team on company policies, procedures, and best practices to enhance operational efficency, and employee productivity

Medical Director/Owner, 01/2013 to 07/2020
Berkshire Health Systems, Inc. — Great Barrington, MA

e Oversaw personnel qualification process, environment criteria testing, quality testing and raw data analysis.

¢ Planned and developed new clinical programs and initiatives and managed and maintained performance improvement

processes as defined in business plans.

¢ Created plans to achieve organizational goals, including promoting employee welfare and delivery of patient care.

¢ Defined testing protocols, quality assurance initiatives and clinic policies and procedures.

e Managed administrative functions like cost management, utilization reviews, quality assurance and medical protocol

development.

¢ Trained staff to ensure compliance with local, national and federal requirements.

e Observed delivery of care and business activities and made recommendations to improve programs, case management and

clinical management.

e Collaborated with personnel to define guidelines for diagnostic testing and initiate test requirements.

e Examined and interpreted test results to provide recommendations for care and treatment.

¢ Provided ongoing oversight of testing protocols, testing quality assurance, lab equipment maintenance and management.

ER Physician, 01/2009 to 05/2015
Berkshire Health Systems, Inc. —- North Adams, MA

¢ Consulted with specialists and referred patients for more advanced support based on individual needs.

e Ordered laboratory tests and imaging scans to complete further investigations.

¢ Delivered on-call care in large hospital day and night for multiple consecutive days.

¢ Treated patients with strokes, head traumas, comas and intracranial hematomas.

¢ Kept abreast of advances in medicine, computerized diagnostic and treatment equipment, data processing technology, imaging

advances, government regulations, health insurance changes and financing options.

e Devoted expertise to helping geriatric patients with common infections and serious, chronic or complex concerns.

¢ Implemented treatment plans for disorders involving internal body systems, including heart disease, hypertension and diabetes.
¢ Diagnosed and treated patients with chronic and acute health problems, including MI, arrhythmias, asthma, COPD, and

pneumonia.

¢ Monitored patients with acute conditions for changes, improvements or need for intervention.

e Prescribed medications and other therapeutic interventions to treat and prevent different illnesses.

e Maintained HIPAA compliance across all patient data-handling,

systems and training.

e Examined patients and recorded medical histories to use in health assessments and help determine conditions.

e Assessed notes by nursing staff for accuracy, completion, services rendered and patient responses.

¢ Identified behaviors associated with substance abuse and recognized signs of being under influence of alcohol or drugs.

¢ Documented behavioral incidents thoroughly to keep accurate records.

¢ Followed standard admissions procedures and documentation requirements for all client intakes.

ER Physician, 01/2009 to 01/2012
James A Haley VA Medical Center — City, STATE

¢ Monitored patients with acute conditions for changes, improvements or need for intervention.

* Monitored treatment regimens to determine efficacy and adjusted according to results achieved.
¢ Collaborated closely with fellow medical team members, including All ER staff to share knowledge and discuss best courses for

treatment.

¢ Provided patient diagnosis, test evaluation and treatment under

strict time constraints.

¢ Added and corrected information in patient electronic health records.

¢ Referred clients to external resources for additional support.

e Adhered to HIPAA confidentiality requirements by safeguarding files.
e Interviewed clients to gather data of social and psychiatric relevance.

e Responded to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose.

¢ Administered medication to at-risk patients to assist individualized treatment plans.

¢ Consulted with psychiatrists about client medication changes, issues with medicine compliance and efficacy of medications.

¢ Delivered seamless care, minimizing misuse and diversion through close collaboration with peers.

Education and Training

M.D.: Pain /Palliative Care And Hospice Fellowship, 06/2010
University of South Florida - Tampa, FL

M.D.: Life Path Hospice & Moffitt Cancer Center, 06/2010
University of South Florida - Tampa, FL

M.D.: Geriatric Medicine Fellowship / Tampa General Hosp, 06/2009
University of South Florida - Tampa, FL

M.D.: Internal Medicine Residence, 06/2008
VA San Juan P.R. & San Juan City Hospital - Puerto Rico

M.D.: University Autonoma of Guadalajara, 12/1993

Medico Cirujano - Mexico

Bachelor of Science: Chemistry, 12/1987
Technologic Institute of Celaya - Mexico

Certifications

Cirujanoal License , State of Florida

e Internal Medicine Board Certification by ABIM
* Basic Life Support

e Advanced Cardiac Life Support