JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

e Experienced professional with a double major Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources Management and Organizational Management

e Ten years of experience in Benefits Administration and Finance

e Fourteen years of customer service

* Competent to excel as a functional lead while maintaining priorities, working independently without direction or supervision and

delegating duties

e Learns new material quickly and retains a high attention to detail. Able to recognize recommending and implementation of process

improvements.

¢ Delivers exceptional and courteous customer service and works well with colleagues and management as well as external customers.

Organized Consultant lends excellent communications skills to assessment and deployment. Dedicated team player over more than [Number]

years with knack for juggling intricate technological, regulatory and needs-based roadblocks. Hands-on assessment focuses on key QA analysis

with progressive understanding. Results-driven Consultant brings over [Number] years of experience in leading [Type] and [Type] industry

efficiency. Uniquely qualified to navigate rigors of latest standards, specifications and protocols for organizational and regulatory needs
fulfillment. Lends complex roadmaps and calls-to-action to regularly achieve [Number]% competitive efficiency. Hardworking and reliable [Job
Title] with strong ability in [Task] and [Task]. Offering [Skill], [Skill] and [Skull]. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented

mentality.
SKILLS
e Fluent in Oracle (People Soft and Help Desk applications) e MS Excel
e Advanced skills in HRIS and Microsoft Office programs © Mail
e ACA © Microsoft Office programs
e Administrative Assistant ¢ Outlook
e Balance e Word
¢ Benefits * Oracle
¢ Benefits Administration © People Soft
¢ Billing e Personnel
e Customer Service © Processes

e Documentation

© Reception

e Filing e Scanning

e Forms e Switchboard

* Help Desk e Issue resolution

e HRIS © Strategic Planning

e Human Resources

e Continuous Improvement

« HR e Project management

e Laser © Project Implementation

* Letters e Analysis
EXPERIENCE

Consultant, 09/2010 - Current
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Auburn, IL

e Ensure PNNL compliance with federal and state laws/regulations, ACA, ERISA, & HIPAA.
¢ Understands Battelle Corporate Benefits processes and functions.

¢ Develops solutions to complex problems which require the regular use of ingenuity.

* Identifies improvement and efficiency opportunities in areas were assigned and not assigned.

e Subject matter expert for all areas of Benefits.

¢ Demonstrates the ability to make decisions independently, confidence in responses and expertise of all Benefits.

¢ Collaborated with HR Business Partners to design and implement programs.

e Performs and participates in internal audits of Benefits files and implements improvements.
* Coordinate and communicate annual Open Enrollment to all staff and retirees.

¢ Deeply familiar with the workings of the Collective Bargaining Agreement.

¢ Provide Benefits trainings for Deployed Resources and Management.

¢ Lead and assist with lab-wide projects involving Benefits.

Administrator, 03/2008 - 01/2012
Verisk Analytics — Macon, GA

* Successfully revamped New Employee Benefits Orientation and DOE Intern Orientation.

e Experienced in Disability, Leaves, both Short and Long Term, Retirement, Family Medical Leaves.
e First point of contact for all staff, retirees and former employees for Benefits Administration.

e Process all new hires, benefits eligible status changes, and life events enrollments.

e Organize and instruct weekly benefits orientations for new hires and status changes within the lab.

e Ensure all new staff and status changes are given the proper information and forms to enroll in benefits.

e Administer the Lactation Support Program.
* Organized all Benefits’ Files, verifying and updating new information.

Clerk/Intern, 09/2005 - 03/2008

City Of Kennewick — City, STATE
e Customer Service.
¢ Daily use of MS Excel, Outlook, and Word software.
e Experience with scanning documents and batches into Laser Fiche.
* Collect drive up drop box payments, sorting and balance amounts.
e Make changes to water accounts in Eden Systems.

e Process new Business Licenses and update current Business Licenses when changes are requested.

¢ Prepared large standard mailings. and sorted incoming and outgoing mail for all city departments.

* Operated switchboard and ran front reception desk for City Hall.

¢ Communicated with the public, answering general city questions as well as those directed to specific accounts, billing problems or work

being done throughout the city.

e Maintained schedule for City Pool Cars, ensuring paperwork is filled out and keys are returned with no overlapping times.

e Mailing of letters for past due closed accounts and payments owed for other licenses.
e Assisted with projects and filing for Human Resources and City Manager’s Administrative Assistant.
¢ Worked with discretion in handling of confidential personnel and public files/documentation.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Certified Employee Benefits Specialist
Wharton School of Business

Bachelor of Science: Human Resources Management & Organizational Management
Ashford University

© Major

e Cum Laude

¢ Dean’s List

Associate of Arts and: Science
Columbia Basin College
Dean’s List

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

Director of Benefits Battelle Malesa Litteral Human Resources Vice President Battelle

CERTIFICATIONS

e Fluent in Oracle (People Soft and Help Desk applications)
e Advanced skills in HRIS and Microsoft Office programs