Theresa Wright Address ~ City, XX 00000

Available for relocation or travel

EXECUTIVE MBA & 555.555.5555
15+ YEARS OF ACCOMPLISH MENT email@yahoo.com

TARGETS: MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT ~ CORPORATE STRATEGIST ~ BUSINESS ANALYST

Seasoned business professional and recent Harvard MBA offering uncommon blend of creative and
analytical talents along with results-proven ability to apply new ideas, resourcefulness, and innovation to
propel companies to the next level, overcome roadblocks, and build competitive advantage.

KEY STRENGTHS QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Marshaling change and innovation: Proven versatility to span industries, bringing Strategy Planning &
fresh perspective, new ideas, and keen business intuition to spot growth opportunities, ioition
influence business direction, and define and drive value in the marketplace. Business Analysis & Strategy
> Increased revenues $15 million (30+%) and built dominance in various target Consultation
segments by recommending and influencing fundamental changes in business Project Management
development and product strategy of a nascent company. Team Leadership
> Generated $5 million revenue by identifying and capitalizing on untapped Client To terachon ee
opportunities in what was previously considered a “dead-end” market. Relationships
Integrating multiple disciplines: Mindful of the big picture and skilled at identifying Process Mapping & Process
interrelations and global impact within multifaceted situations that require knowledge of Improvement
functional areas and best practices from all areas of a company.Orchestrated change Strategic Problem Solving
initiatives and associated strategy shifts that led a small company with <$1 million annual Root Cause Investigation
revenue to be acquired for $6+ million. Identification & Analysis ‘
> Member of management team that built a start-up software company’s sales Market Research & Analysis
300% in the first year and 200% in the next 2 years each, ultimately winning
sav ob ae New Product Development
acquisition offer of $3 million. RA aindies
Cultivating teamwork and strong customer relationships: Known for genuine, Market Segmentation
empathetic, persuasive interpersonal style that engenders trust while strengthening Product Cost &¢Channel

customer relationships and building cross-departmental cooperation. Strategies

> Traveled nationally and internationally, investigating U.S. best practices and Marketing & Sales Support
navigating socio-politically charged situations to establish mutual agreement
between Vietnamese Communist officials and aggressively profit-onented

Japanese companies, opening up a new market between the nations.

Branding & Positioning,

New Market Development

Corporate Communications

Strengthening business agility and viability: Apply creativity, analytical rigor,

pragmatic overview, and leadership skills to build value, foster flexibility, and keep Chater Matiaeecent
companies competitive even in the face of declining markets and competitive threats. Performance Metrics

> Paved the way for $6+ million in new revenues annually through research, B inancial Modeling, Analysis
strategy planning, and project leadership, achieving 20% CAGR for products & Valuation Methods

despite targeting a shrinking industry. Mergers & Acquisitions
Networking, Partnenng &
Alliance Building

EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS
MARKETING MANAGER, PROMOTIONS
XxxxCompanyNameXxxxxx — City, XX (2002 — 2009)

Headed North American marketing programs for 100+ product lines, leading teams of internal and third-party professionals
on as many as 15 simultaneous projects with combined budgets of approximately $5 million annually. Orchestrated
development of product brands and ensured consistent brand image. Researched and identified new growth opportunities,

... Continued