JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated and compassionate Licensed Practical Nurse with extensive experience in medical procedures, including sample collection, blood
draw, IV insertion and infection control. Meticulous regard for detail and accuracy with strong follow-through and administrative skills.
Maintains composure and makes accurate decisions in fast-paced, unpredictable and stressful environments. History of interfacing seamlessly
with doctors, specialized support services, patients and visiting families. Fully qualified and credentialed LPN with 20+ years of progressive
healthcare experience. Knowledgeable about nursing practices and techniques, as well as typical patient behaviors and triaging standards.
Certified in nursing within Montana.

SKILLS
* Reports and documentation e Equipment Sterilization
¢ Safety regulations © Medication Administration
e Assessments ¢ Blood Draw and Sample Collection
e Continuous Improvement e Patient Examination
« Issue resolution ¢ Procedure Room Preparation
e Customer relationship management e Care Coordination
e Project management e Creative Problem Solving
* Client rapport e Patient Care Oversight
¢ Software troubleshooting © Medical Recordkeeping
* Decision Making © Delegation and Motivation
e Clear Patient Communication e Treatment Recommendations
e Compassionate and Caring e Infection Control Procedures
e Procedure Assistance e Alternative Treatments
e Patient Condition Monitoring e Needs Assessment
e Nursing Consultation e Healthcare Personnel Supervision
e Instrument Sterilization e First Aid
e Medical Procedure Preparation ¢ Community Program Referrals
¢ Monitoring Vital Signs e Surgical Assistance
® Critical Thinking ¢ Prescription Drug Recommendations
e Specialized Healthcare Referrals e Diagnostic Test Evaluations
e Attention to Detail e Rehabilitation Assistance
e Preventive Healthcare ¢ Healthcare Program Planning
e Diet and Nutrition e Direct Patient Care
¢ Medical Supply Management e Diagnostic Test Ordering
e Immunizations and Vaccinations e Treatment Plan Modification
e Treatment Preparation © Unit Oversight
e Patient Care Assessment e Nursing Performance Assessment
EXPERIENCE

Consultant, 02/2020 - 08/2021
Capita Plc. — Lincoln, NE
* Laid out consulting services governing orders, activities, schedules and employee performance.
¢ Broadened improvement initiatives by troubleshooting problems and recommending corrective actions.
e Placed orders for customer purchases and personal inventory to maintain consistent stock.
¢ Conducted events online and at individual homes to promote products.
e Kept customer information confidential and handled details accurately.
© Delivered high level of service to customers in effort to build upon relationships for future.

LPN, 02/2019 - 03/2020
Common Spirit — Lake Jackson, TX
* Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.
* Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical administration.
¢ Communicated concerms regarding clients’ status, care and environment to nursing supervisors, clinical care supervisors and case
managers.
¢ Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.
e Answered patient and family questions to educate on optimal treatment procedures.
¢ Promoted patient satisfaction by assisting with daily living needs such as bathing, dressing, toileting and exercising.
¢ Followed rehabilitation and treatment care plans to accelerate patient recovery, minimize pain and optimize patient outcomes.
e Prevented drug interactions and contributed to correct diagnosis by recording patient health information, monitoring vitals and updating
patient files.
¢ Used sterile techniques to prepare patients for procedures.
e Charted changes in patient conditions and discussed concerns with supervising healthcare provider.
e Addressed patient care needs, collected vitals, dressed wounds and managed catheters.
¢ Observed strict confidentiality and safeguarded all patient-related information.
e Monitored infection control procedures to verify facility-wide health and safety.
e Assisted with patients’ nutritional needs by setting up self-feeding assistance or directly feeding individuals with severely limited mobility.
e Managed patients’ hygiene with comprehensive care for toileting, bathing and grooming needs.
« Directed implementation of improved patient care and documentation methods and procedures to achieve quality objectives.

LPN, 03/2017 - 01/2018
Common Spirit — Northridge, CA

¢ Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.

¢ Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical administration.

« Communicated concerns regarding clients’ status, care and environment to nursing supervisors, clinical care supervisors and case
managers.

e Answered patient and family questions to educate on optimal treatment procedures.

e Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

« Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

¢ Followed rehabilitation and treatment care plans to accelerate patient recovery, minimize pain and optimize patient outcomes.

¢ Prevented drug interactions and contributed to correct diagnosis by recording patient health information, monitoring vitals and updating
patient files.

* Collected biological specimens and packaged for laboratory transport to complete diagnostic tests.

e Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and physical symptoms to assess and prioritize need for further attention.

e Used sterile techniques to prepare patients for procedures.

e Charted changes in patient conditions and discussed concerns with supervising healthcare provider.

e Addressed patient care needs, collected vitals, dressed wounds and managed catheters.

¢ Cared for patients' acute and chronic wounds by changing dressings and applying medicated compounds.

* Observed strict confidentiality and safeguarded all patient-related information.

¢ Worked with registered nurses to deliver comprehensive, high-quality care to patients.

e Answered patient calls, identified issues and determined how best to provide assistance within parameters established by facility and
supervisor.

e Inserted, cared for and removed patients’ catheters and monitored fluid output.

e Administered prescribed medications and started intravenous fluids to address patient symptoms and underlying etiologies.

LPN, 05/2015 - 08/2016
Common Spirit — Centerville, LA
¢ Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.
e Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical administration.
« Communicated concerns regarding clients’ status, care and environment to nursing supervisors, clinical care supervisors and case
managers.
e Answered patient and family questions to educate on optimal treatment procedures.
* Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.
e Promoted patient satisfaction by assisting with daily living needs such as bathing, dressing, toileting and exercising.
e Prevented drug interactions and contributed to correct diagnosis by recording patient health information, monitoring vitals and updating
patient files.
e Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and physical symptoms to assess and prioritize need for further attention.
e Used sterile techniques to prepare patients for procedures.
e Addressed patient care needs, collected vitals, dressed wounds and managed catheters.
e Charted changes in patient conditions and discussed concerns with supervising healthcare provider.
e Cared for patients' acute and chronic wounds by changing dressings and applying medicated compounds.
e Observed strict confidentiality and safeguarded all patient-related information.
e Monitored infection control procedures to verify facility-wide health and safety.
e Assisted with patients’ nutritional needs by setting up self-feeding assistance or directly feeding individuals with severely limited mobility.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
GED: 05/1996
Helena High School - Helena, MT

Certificate: Nursing, 05/1997
Helena College University of Montana - Helena, MT