AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Up selling

Product launch
Minimising stock losses
Customer care

Preparing action plans
Competitor analysis

Visual merchandising

PROFESSIONAL
Level 2 NVQ in Sales

PERSONAL SKILLS
Relationship building
Target driven
Listening skills

Smart appearance

PERSONAL DETAILS

Linda Harris
34 Made Up Road

Sales consultant

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A results driven, articulate and well presented sales consultant with a proven track
record of meeting store sales targets and minimising stock losses. Hardworking, able
to communicate effectively with people from all backgrounds and able to present
products in a structured professional way face to face with customers. Comfortable
working in a fast paced, growth orientated work environment and have experience of
selling fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), clothes and furniture.

Currently looking for a suitable sales position with a exciting & ambitious company.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Retail Store — Coventry
SALES CONSULTANT June 2008 - Present

Part of a busy team, driving sales of shop products by communicating and listening
to customers and ensuring that they receive the highest standards of customer
service.

Duties:

© Greeting & welcoming all potential and existing customers to the store.
® Matching the customer's needs to the right product.

® Willing to approach customers and able to close a sale.

@ Working as part of the sales team providing excellent customer service.

@ Taking customer payments in cash or via credit cards_

© Excellent product knowledge.

® Occasionally negotiating with customers on price.

© Dealing with and resolving customer complaints and concems.

® Building a great rapport with customers.

e Having team meeting and sharing best practice ideas with colleagues.
@ Adherence to all Company policies and procedures.

® Maintaining very high merchandising standards.

® Analyzing sales statistics and determining sales potential & inventory requirements.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

© Strong collaboration, influencing and problem resolution skills.

® Knowledge of selling techniques and merchandising.

© Innovative and persuasive.

© Aware of the latest market trends and up to date on product knowledge.

* Developing new customers.

© Excellent after sales service ensuring the customer has had a good experience.
® Maintaining and demonstrating security and Health and Safety awareness.

* Areal flair for selling.

© Ability to work shifts, including overtime, statutory holidays & Sundays.