Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Strategy Consultant BEES er soso ra

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Accomplished business leader with 10 years of diverse experience in corporate strategy, strategic
planning, and product management. Proven track record advising Fortune firms and leading
business.

SKILLS

Advanced MS Office, Lean Six Sigrna Black Belt, PMI Project Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Strategy Consultant
ABC Corporation - August 2011 - August 2014

.

VP of Product Management of Coupon advertising leader, rmanaged atearn to develop growth
strate gy.

Developed a business madel and product strateay for new consumer analytics and targeting
platform with annual revenue.

Guided executive leadership and tearn in launching Retaller |Q,

Wrote a business plan to secure funding frorn investors.

Drove market assessment and product definition by designing an economic models and
business cases,

Built best-in-class digital advertising ROI model.

Recornmended centralized business unit and go-to-market plan.

Strategy Consultant
ABC Corporation - 2009- 2011

New York Specialized in diverse Business and Technology Prograrn Management roles for
CitiGroups Global Consurner Group division.

Directly supported key initiatives for the CEO and Executive Management Teams for Citibank.
Managed the Concierge CRM Program and supported the Executive Sponsor and
Stakeholders,

Redefined the govemance model and Implernented an innovative development process.
Modified and enhanced the testing methodology to include a Business Acceptance Testing
validation phase, resulted in a more efficient process to identify and reduce software defects..
This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION

M.B.A. In Strategy and Finance - 2007(University of Washington, Foster School of Business -
Seattle, WA)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings