Pamela Kearsmark
590 Cusark Street * Chicago, 00000 * (555) 555-5555 * pkearsmark@email.com

SENIOR MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT
Strategy & Operations * Human Capital & Organizational Effectiveness * Customer & Channel Strategy

Accomplished senior consulting executive offering proven value developing and selling large-scale, mulumullion-dollar
engagements; leading multinational teams im executing complex strategic engagements for global firms; contributing
repeatedly to intellectual capital; and attracting, developing, and retaining top talent for teams and the practice.

Demonstrated thought-leader for innovative ideas and solutions that engage client executives and create business
opportunities and competitive advantage. Uncommonly strong talent for building and cultivating trusting relationships
with high-level corporate executives. Outstanding analytical, strategic, and problem-solving skills coupled with the ability
to translate solutions into practical and profitable application,

Deep strategic and operational knowledge and expertise in the financial services
(capital markets, wealth management, banking, brokerage) and insurance industries.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
. i . -

SENIOR MANAGER (2001 — Present)
MANAGER (1999 — 2001)
SENIOR CONSULTANT (1997 — 1999)
CONSULTANT (1995 — 1997)

Promoted on the fast-track to lead cross-disciplinary teams spanning multiple geographies and cultures on engagements

with market-leading global financial services finns, including Citigroup, Merrill Lynch, JP Morgan Chase, UBS, Allianz-
Dresdner, Wachovia, Chubb, and AIG. Play a key role in all aspects of business development and CXO client relationship
management, penetrating new market leading accounts and growing existing accounts into broader opportunities and
additional sales. Drive achtevement of clients’ top-pnonty objectives through expertise that includes;

business strategy planning - customer service excellence - mergers, acquisitions & restructuring
go-to-market strategies distribution /channel strategy - people & organizational performance
customer segmentation -  strategy/technology integration - change management & leadership
sales force effectiveness - Operating models - talent management

Lead engagements from strategy development through execution, direct all program planning, budget planning and
management, issue identification and resolution, risk management, analytic design and deliverable definition, change
management, and executive client relations. Participate as a leader in people development, including recruiting, retention,
mentoring and professional development, talent management, and staff training.

SELECTED HIGHLIGHTS & CONTRIBUTIONS:

Distinguished by extraordinary, proven ability to deepen and extend practice reach and sales by cultivating trust, rapport,
and credibility with senior executives, networking and bridging relationships to broaden industry reputation, and building
upon global experience to create new markets.

Generated more than $31.2 million in follow-on sales to existing clients and more than $10 million in sales to newly
penetrated clients over a period of 2-'/ years, building and levemging executive relationships and connections to
transform strategy engagements into lucrative implementation engagements. Teamed as a primary player in all aspects of
the sales process, from lead identification, relationship devdopment, scoping and strategy, proposal development, client
presentations, and pneing strategy through negotiations and closing.

* $13.2 million increase in business with a major Wall Street securities firm — displaced competitors as trusted
advisors, winning credibility and subsequent new business, to $25 million total, by providing innovative thought
leadership on business and operating models,

(Continwed)