Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

I have over 29 years of experience working within the community at large however the majority of my focus has been with the
underserved communities. The Communities I work with are homeless, justice impacted, low income, aging out of the foster care

system, and high risk youth/adults.

For the past 18 years I have had the opportunity to partner with local Community based organizations, local school districts,
correctional facilities, Trade Unions and local contractors to provide access to those who have historically been left behind. With the
Community partnerships I have fostered, I have helped serve over 1600 individuals with mentorship, jobs/careers, driver license

assistance, worker training, not recidivate, housing, clothes, food and more.

I have spent the last 6.5 years working for the City of Seattle to assist in bringing a community first driven approach to create change.
I use my platform to address racial equity disparities in the Construction industry on City Capital projects. I also serve as a Race
Equity liaison/advisor across City of Seattle department's, and agencies across the country.

My passion is to serve. I believe I am uniquely positioned for this opportunity because I have been serving the most vulnerable
community for almost 30 years and I share similar lived experiences which fuel my passion to continue this work. I would like to be a
part of this team’s work which makes a real impact for bipoc Community.

Skills
¢ Problem Resolution e Flexible and Adaptable
¢ Project Management e Planning and Coordination
e Team Leadership & Development ¢ Problem-Solving
¢ Budgeting /Financial Planning e Written Communication
* Reporting capabilities ¢ Proposal Development
e Analysis & Evaluation e Funding Source Research
¢ Client Relationships ¢ Report writing skills
¢ Operational planning ¢ Goal Tracking
¢ Quality assurance ¢ Non-Profit Organization Funding
¢ Strategic planning e Supporting Documentation

e Cultural Awareness

Work History

Consultant, 11/2020 to Current
Icon — Hickory, NC
e We are a cross-racial team that operates from a lens of racial justice to support individuals, community and organizations
¢ In building their capacity to challenge internal and external systems of oppression the goal is to create transformational, systemic
and sustainable change.
e Perform regular job site observations to provide direction for general contractor personnel and subcontractor laborers.
¢ Conduct critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's
representatives.
¢ Lead weekly production and operations contractor meetings, facilitating stronger communication and helping to resolve critical
issues.
¢ Develop and implemented performance improvement strategies and plans to promote continuous improvement.
¢ Lead projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement.
¢ Present oral and written reports on general economic trends, individual corporations and entire industries.
e Analyze revenues, costs and expenses for operating construction projects.
¢ Manage multiple deadlines across several businesses to meet dynamic needs of multiple clients.

e Evaluate staff performance and provided coaching to address inefficiencies.

Sr. Contract Analyst , 04/2016 to Current
Cardiovascular Systems Inc — Minneapolis, MN

¢ Department of Finance and Administrative Services-RSJ Change Team former co-lead

e Manage construction projects for the City of Seattle

¢ Mitigate labor disputes and conflict resolutions

¢ Conduct contractor training

¢ Monitor, administer, and enforce the City of Seattle's Community Workforce Agreement

e Review financial statements and analyze sales revenues and cost expenses to ensure accuracy of City tax dollars paid

¢ Facilitating collaboration with both internal and external partners

¢ Manage Labor disputes for over $1.8 million in Capital Projects

¢ Managed over 24 CWA/PLA contracts

e Advise Directors, Council, and Mayors office on RSJ policies and program, and City budget

e Served as co lead on several RSJI toolkits

¢ Served on the City of Seattle's Fire Department oral Hiring Panel — 2 years

¢ Work closely with litigation attorneys to research, complete trial preparations and create document drafts for court use.

¢ Participate in professional development initiatives for consistent improvement and up-to-date knowledge of emerging trends
and best practices for FAS-HR department.

¢ Worked collaboratively with administrative staff in negotiation, correspondence, documentation and compliance checks for
service contracts.

¢ Developed and followed processes to manage contracts and remain in compliance with company commitments and regulatory
obligations.

¢ Worked with internal and external stakeholders to maximize value of assigned contracts.

¢ Reviewed internal systems and organized training plans to address areas in need of improvement.

e Leveraged on-site observation and personal interviews to identify worker disparities, discrimination ,and ensure a welcoming,
learning environment for all.

e Participated in several Mayoral and City Council briefs/memos as well presented to both City Council and the Mayor office to
provide recommendations and updates to current legislation, regulations and policies.

¢ Drafted and presented reports outlining policy actions.

e Served as FAS RSJ change team co lead

Executive Director, 12/2015 to Current
American Red Cross — Tallahassee, FL

e As a Executive Director, my passion focuses on leading a Community-driven organization that makes a difference in the lives of
most vulnerable and underserved communities

¢ Community engagement using a holistic approach to addressing barriers to secure access to support services, training and
placement into family wage careers while promoting the inclusion of women and people of color

e R3 has been working with underrepresented populations that include: youth, homeless, gun violence, justice involved
individuals in over 12 counties.

¢ Provided exceptional counseling, case management, education and job training to diverse client base.

¢ Created promotional materials and provided insightful information to social media, websites and print media to educate public.

¢ Supervised writing of all grant applications and checked information for accuracy prior to submission.

¢ Worked closely with organizational leadership and board of directors to guide operational strategy.

e Recruited new members by networking at community events and distributing promotional materials to attendees.

e Evaluated service contracts and collaborated with legal counsel on negotiated improvements.

¢ Fostered work culture of collaboration and inclusion to increase morale and reduce turnover for multiple Companies and
Unions/Apprenticeship programs.

¢ Spearheaded successful business development initiatives aligned with company's strategy and core competencies.

e Provided management oversight and operational control of assigned programs and projects.

e« Communicated best practices among on-site and external personnel to align efforts and goals.

e Established performance goals for clients and provided feedback on methods for reaching those goals.

¢ Supervised and performed human resource management functions for 6 employees

¢ Established priorities, maintained schedules and monitored performance for clients through monthly check in's

¢ Evaluated client's performance and conveyed constructive feedback to improve skills.

e Reviewed internal systems and organized training plans to address areas in need of improvement.

¢ Compiled research data and gave professional presentations highlighting finds and recommended changes to meet Community
needs.

¢ Composed grant proposals and fundraising newsletters to raise capital for non-profit organizations.

¢ Planned and organized special events, solicited corporate sponsorships and set up matching gift donations to reach financial
targets.

Union Carpenter, 01/2012 to Current
Sparks — Philadelphia, PA
e Assembled and installed metal framing and decorative trim for windows, doorways
¢ Fit/fastened wallboard or metal into specified position, using hand tools, portable power tools
¢ Performed layouts using chalk line lasers for precision measurements
¢ Read blueprints and other specifications to determine method of installation, work procedures and material and tool
requirements.
¢ Followed established job site safety regulations and maintained safe and clean work area.
¢ Completed precise joining and high-quality finish work by properly anchoring and bracing structures.
¢ Planned projects by identifying necessary equipment, tools and required assistance.
e Planned and executed work with proper tools and materials to maximize productivity.
* Calculated dimensions and amount of needed materials by accurately measuring job site and structures.
¢ Installed drywall, ceilings, trim and fabricated replacement trim and moldings.
¢ Shaped or cut materials to specified measurements using hand tools, machines and power saws.

¢ Effectively used nails, screws, pneumatic nailing systems, concrete anchors, powder-actuated fasteners and framing connectors.

Education

Certified Compliance Administrator (CCA) Certificate: 08/2018
Morgan State University - Baltimore, Maryland

Associate of Applied Science: Construction , 06/2012
Renton Technical College - Renton, WA

High School Diploma: 06/1997
Garfield High School - Seattle, WA