PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic, dependable, and gifted Leader and Volunteer with years of service in community outreach
initiatives. Smart and capable with compassionate heart. Highly organized with dedication to achievement.

e« Administrative support e Relationship building
« Administrative tasks e Staff education and training
« Team collaboration « Needs assessment
« Public speaking e Flexible and Adaptable
© CONSULTANT 11/2013 to CURRENT

Fi Consulting | Arlington, VA

e Deliver outstanding service to clients to maintain and extend relationship for future business
opportunities.

e Schedule and lead online mental health, wellness, and aging workshops to increase learning
opportunities.

e Assess clients needs to develop effective training plans. Develop individualized plans to help clients
reach goals within predetermined timelines.

e Administer mental health first-aid skills in emergency situations, remaining level-headed and helping
participants to feel better.

¢ Take detailed notes and keep records of program and performance progress, education initiatives and
leadership.

e Volunteer Peer Leader for NAMI SW Ohio.

e Built relationships with others based upon trust and honesty by using active listening and dynamic
communication skills as In Our Own Voice Presenter: Speaking to First Responders Crisis Intervention
Teams; Hope for Recovery Leader: Ending the Silence Presenter for students, parents, staff and
administrators; Family and Friends Presenter: Peer to Peer Leader: Connections Support Groups

« Received Award in Excellence, Angela Ostholthoff Outstanding Peer Leader Award for 2020.

e Volunteer Leader for the Council on Aging of SW Ohio.

e Lead classes on-line for Chronic Pain Self-Management: Chronic Disease Self-Management: and
Diabetes Self-Management as well as Matter of Balance as Wellness Coach. Use strong interpersonal
communication skills to convey information to others.

e Co-leads on-line Grief and Loss Support Group monthly.

e Serves as Coordinating Committee Member at large for OH Poor People's Campaign, A National Call
for Moral Revival

e Served on KY Suicide Prevention Coalition.

e Trained in_Mental Health First Aid.

e Served on KY Behavioral Health Planning and Advisory Council.

e Writes inspirational blog, www.bridges2hope.wordpress.com

« Motivational Speaker

¢ Certified Peer Support Specialist Observed strict regulations and procedures regarding each
individual to maintain confidentiality of personal and health information.

e Fostered relationships with partner agencies and other interested parties to build pipeline of support.
Ran food pantry and distributed food to individuals with needs.

e Participated in clinical staffing meetings.

e Displayed sensitivity to cultural and linguistic needs of clients and families served.

e Assisted in developing Peer Wellness Center.

MULTICULTURAL OUTREACH COORDINATOR 06/2006 to 11/2013
Versiti Inc | Grand Rapids, MI

e Developed network relationships with mental health professionals and community leaders to enhance
community awareness and promote opportunities to speak to community about mental health.

e Recognized by Governor Steve Beshear with Commonwealth of KY Minority Mental Health Recognition
in July 2012.

e Increased education and awareness of mental health and its affects on African Americans and Hispanic/
Latinos through Sharing Hope and Compartiendo Esperanza and Family to Family classes.

e Identified and administered grants in accordance with funder requirements.

e Developed monthly schedules and assignments for volunteer staff members of MAC team.

« Collaborated with KY STARS for Mental Health as well as assisted in establishing Participation Station
Peer Run Center in Lexington.

BLGINESS AND MARKETING EDUCATOR 08/1984 to 09/2004
KY Teacher Retirement System | City, STATE

e Collaborated with faculty and staff to determine instructional goals, objectives and methods according to
district and school requirements.

e Developed and implemented lesson plans to fulfill requirements of district curriculum program and
reflect accommodations and modifications for individual student needs.

e Managed assigned extracurricular activities and sponsored outside activities as Future Business
Leaders of America Sponsor as well as DECA Sponsor and Harambee Diversity Club Sponsor which
helped students to become more outgoing and social.

e Students achieved recognition at district, state, and national levels.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Operated student run store and student run bank which gave students real-life experiences. Supervised
co-op students.

e Mentored student teachers.

Bachelor of Science | Business Education 05/1981
Georgetown College, Georgetown, KY

e Received James Graham Brown Academic Scholarship

e Received Scholarship from the KY Chapter of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs, Inc..
e Teaching Minor in Communications

e Member and officer in Phi Beta Lambda Business Honorary

e Member of Sigma Kappa Sorority

Mister of Science | Business And Marketing Education 12/1988
University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY

« Member of Delta Pi Epsilon National Honorary for Business Educators
« Completed Minor in Family Studies

Mister of Science | Vocational Administration 08/2003
University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY
Graduated with a Rank 1 Certification in addition to the Master's