Work Experience Education

Over 12 years of project experience
in roles with increasing responsibility
including Project Manager, Special
Projects Consultant, and Senior
Management Consultant

Certified as a Project Management
Professional (PMP), Certified Agile
Project Management Professional
(Cert. APM) & Certified Associate in
Project Management (CAPM).
Results-oriented individual with an
ability to work in a fast-paced
environment, prioritizing and
managing multiple projects and
responsibilities with high change and
high complexity.

Excellent written and oral
communication skills with an ability
to collaborate and influence others at
all levels.

Distribution

Industrial marketing

Supply chain management
Strategic and Business planning and
performance management (BSC),
PBO

Project and program management,
PMO implementation and
management

Organizational design and

Patrick Sisko

Management Consultant

@ New York, NY
% 000-000-0000

& email@email.com

Work Experience

Management Consultant Jun 2020 - Present

McKinsey & Co.

« Responsible for the planning, direction, and coordination of activity required to
effectively manage multiple projects.

* Analyze and improve upon project proposals, ensuring management expectations are
met and successful outcomes are achieved.

* ensure goals, time-Frames, Funding limitations, staffing requirements and allocation of
resources are addressed before project execution.

« Oversee direction and coordination of project personnel.

+ Spearhead establishment of standards and procedures required for reporting and
documentation.

+ Monitor quality assurance.

+ Review status reports and modify schedules and plans as required.

Management Consultant Feb 2015 - Mar 2020

Cornerstone Research

Executed a 6-Module Leadership Development Program including strategic capacity,
selF-awareness, organization intelligence, team intelligence, and development.
Designed, conducted, and analyzed an Engagement Survey with Real Estate Market
Leaders to benchmark the level of organizational engagement for a period of 10
months.

Implemented OD initiatives and transferred relevant knowledge and skills to key client
stakeholders in Real Estate Market Leaders.

identified OD needs after thorough in-depth interviews and focus groups and created
cross-functional teams to facilitate and improve internal communication,

Productized several of the organization's offerings as marketing materials for
prospective clients.

.

Project Management Consultant

i wa.) a

Apr 2012 -Jan 2015