Gary Crelia

Corporate Consultant
City, State 000-000-0000 | email@email.carr

Summary

A proven record of accomplishment in conducting requirements planning, feasibility studies and system, and
implementation as a Corporate Consultant.

Work Experience

2018-01 - Present Corporate Consultant

e Developing the strategic business plan and financials for a management
consulting, technology services, and outsourcing services solution—with a focus
on business planning and business process outsourcing.

e Developing the business and marketing plans, including financials that delivers
high impact branding, marketing, and market research.

e Developing a Program Executive Office (PEO), a single point of interface and
responsibility for the governance, planning, management (operations, fiscal,
reporting) and execution of a large, complex confidential program.

e Developing the business and marketing plans, including financials for an
outsourced sales and account management company.

2017-01 - 2017-12 Business Relationship Manager

e Business Relationship Manager for an international oil and gas exploration
services company.

e As part of the executive management team, responsible for managing business
demand and strategic direction for the IT organization, and facilitated the delivery
of those products and services to the business.

e Facilitated relationships and services for Corporate Finance and Accounting, Tax,
Treasury, Reporting, and Operations.

e Work relationships to identify project requests and business cases, including
defining business requirements, the scope of work, risks, budgets, solution
discovery, vendor relations, and RFP.

2015-06 - 2016-12 Senior Management
Senior Management positions with a leading software services company to the
office products industry, including:
e Strategic Systems Manager.
e Documentation & Publications Manager.
e Quality Assurance Manager.
e Software Technician/Instructor.

Education
2013 - 2015 Master of Business Administration
2010 - 2013 Bachelor of Business Administration
Boston University
Skills
Executive Leadership aT

General & Operations Management Fl