Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Managing Consultant/Specialist BAS er sores ra

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Professional objective is to utilize and enhance proven analytical skills, and experience as an
information systems manager, project manager, business analyst, prograrmmer/ analyst and
financial systems analyst,

SKILLS

Enterprise Architecture, Principle Consultant, IT Service Management, IT Optirnization,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Managing Consultant/Specialist
ABC Corporation - February 2003 - May 2004

Project management for Solornon|V custom Integrated accounting applications.

Testing new and modified Visual Basic programs and Crystal Reports for perforrnance and
adherence to standards.

Visual Basic programr\irig for custorn Solorion IV applications.

Database maintenance and modification of a SOL Server database,

Technical support and troubleshooting for Solomon accounting software.

Designing and modifying existing Crystal Reports as required,

Audit and reconciliation duties to assure accurate processing of incoming payments,

Managing Consultant
AEC Business Solutions - 1998 - 2003

Providing marketing and business development support services to small architecture,
engineering and construction firms.

Services include Proposal Production generate responses to RFQs/Ps, facilitate strate gy
meetings, coordinate team mernbers efforts, and write/edit/format docurnent,

Interview Preparation produce Interview visual alds and coach tearm mernbers on Interview
performance.

Client Perception Surveys create targeted questionnaire, Interview clients, provide a detailed
findings report with recommendations, and create client testimonials from responses.
Strategic Marketing Plans development of short- and long-term plans that identify business
developrnent and marketing strategies and obstacles with an implementation plan that
outlines goals and action items,

Lead Review vet business development opportunities and advise clients on ga/no go
decisions.

Copywriting and editing for websites, marketing collateral, and case studies..

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - (Tray State University - Montgomery, AL)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings