JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
¢ Client Relationships e Team Leadership & Development
e User support e Relationship-Building
« Processes and procedures

Worx History

12/2016 to Current Consultant
Allstate — Egg Harbor, NJ

e Conferred with existing and potential customers to assess requirements and propose optimal solutions.

e Devised strategies to improve organization efficiency and optimize group management.

e Broadened improvement initiatives, troubleshooting problems for corrective action.

e Took detailed notes and kept records of program and performance progress, education initiatives and leadership.

¢ Developed strategic component development plans to support future projects.

e Contributed to success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring
practices, training programs and management systems.

e Leveraged on-site observation and personal interviews to identify team and individual strengths.

¢ Created detailed roadmaps of action items and project goals and provided reporting and analysis to inform
budgeting and planning.

e Initiated success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring practices,
Type programs and management systems.

© Collaborated with clients to develop and shape budgets, processes, business intelligence and strategies.

e Developed comprehensive business cases to analyze costs, benefits, ROI and TCO of proposed solutions.

¢ Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.

e Authored detailed work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines.

¢ Reviewed internal systems and organized training plans to address areas in need of improvement.

e Developed service plans in consultation with clients, and performed follow-ups assessing quantity and quality of
services.

¢ Provided outstanding service to clients to maintain and extend relationship for future business opportunities.

05/2020 to 12/2020 Sales Associate
Raymour & Flanigan Furniture — Syracuse, NY

* Maintained organized, presentable merchandise to drive continuous sales.

e Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.

e Tracked stock using company inventory management software.

e Analyzed and properly processed product retums, assisting customers with finding alternative merchandise to meet
needs.

e Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.

e Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.

¢ Implemented up-selling strategies, encompassing recommendation of accessories and complementary purchases.

e Implemented up-selling strategies such as recommending accessories and complementary purchases to boost
revenue.

e Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.

e Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

¢ Prepared cash deposits up to $Amount with zero discrepancies.

¢ Collaborated with clients to maintain relationships and provide customers with thorough support and guidance.

e Worked with sales team to collaboratively reach targets, consistently meeting or exceeding personal quotas.

e Educated associates on market trends and stayed up-to-date on forecasts and Industry news.

e Maintained customer satisfaction while handling Type product returns quickly and professionally.

e Evaluated inventory and delivery needs, optimizing strategies to meet customer demands.

e Processed product returns and assisted customers with other selections.

e Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales.

e Solved customer challenges by offering relevant Type products and services.

© Delivered high level of assistance by locating products and checking store system for merchandise at other sites.

e Liaised with customers and recommended specific products and specials, aligning with individual needs,
requirements and specifications.

e Answered customer questions regarding sizing and accessories and explained how to properly care for
merchandise.

12/2017 to 02/2019 Front Desk Clerk
Marriott Vacations Worldwide — San Antonio, TX

e Planned coverage needs and organized services to support incoming special events.

e Maintained financial accuracy by collecting deposits, fees and payments.

¢ Maintained transaction security by verifying payment cards against identification.

e Reported facility and room maintenance problems to appropriate personnel for immediate remediation.

¢ Provided guests with above-and-beyond service, including making outside venue reservations and setting up tours.

© Updated customer accounts with add-on room charges, including minibar use and room service bills.

e Arranged accommodations and travel plans for visitors and presented updated itineraries.

e Retrieved mail, packages and documents on behalf of guests, promptly verifying receipt and arranging for pickup
or transmittal.
Collaborated with Type and Type team members to handle guest requirements from check-in through check-out.
e Kept accounts in balance and ran daily reports to verify totals.
e Immediately contacted housekeeping staff and maintenance department regarding guest room issues, including

Type and Type to promote quick remediation.

e Entered customer data using Type software and updated information whenever patrons changed rooms.

¢ Calculated billings and posted charges to room accounts, reviewing all charges with guests at checkout.

e Confirmed relevant guest information and payment methods to prevent fraud.

© Used Software to process reservations, check-ins and check-outs.

¢ Politely welcomed arriving guests, providing room keys and information on amenities and policies.

e Liaised with housekeeping and maintenance staff to address requests and complaints made by guests.

¢ Welcomed each new arrival pleasantly and confirmed reservations and identification.

e Greeted guests at front desk and engaged in pleasant conversations while managing check-in process.

© Used quick response and dynamic service skills to build relationships with patrons, improving customer retention
fate.

e Explained details regarding property, including restaurants, pool area, spa and fitness center to acclimate patrons to
resort environment.

¢ Greeted visitors and customers upon arrival, offered assistance and answered questions to build rapport and

retention.

Promoted local entertainment and sporting events and offered details to assist patrons.

e Resolved service-related problems and documented actions in system.

¢ Sorted mail and other important data upon Job Title's absence, promoting quick delivery of all messages to
recipients.

¢ Swiftly responded to room requests and other inquiries made via establishment website, email or phone.

e Answered multi-line phone system to respond to inquiries and transfer calls to correct departments and personnel.

EDUCATION
High School Diploma: College Prep
Southern High School - Oakland. MD

General Studies
Garrett College - Mchenry, MD

Tourism And Travel Services Marketing Operations
Boyd Travel School - Pittsburgh, PA

Cosmetology
Pittsburgh Beauty Academy - Pittsburgh, PA