Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Accomplished healthcare executive with significant experience in both hospital operations and consulting, with a record of managing
to success and delivering solid results. Effective at improving revenue, team productivity and policies to keep the facility operating at
a sustainable and profitable level. Well-versed in motivating and retaining employees, building relationships with residents and
families and achieving the requirements for continued accreditation.

Skills
e Process Improvement e Management Coaching
e Mergers and Acquisitions ¢ Project Implementation
¢ Contract negotiations exceeding $1 million in sales e Executive Leadership
¢ Cost Analysis e Effective Communicator and Public Speaker

Experience

Executive Healthcare Consultant, 12/2006 to Current
Edelman — Chicago, IL
e Assess strengths and weaknesses of various hospital’s current operations
¢ Lead informative meetings with senior leadership and department directors to identify and implement performance
improvement and cost reduction opportunities
¢ Established consulting services for cost savings and operational process improvement opportunities

e Provide analytic support work to assist in establishing goals and objectives, and set performance indicators

Vice President Supply, 12/2016 to 12/2018
City Of Seattle, Wa — Seattle, WA
e Implemented new physician driven value analysis program that produced a net savings of over $1.5 million in the first year of
implementation
* Responsible for total annual supply spend of $275 million and capital in excess of $25 million
e Responsible for a team of 65 employees, eight of which were direct reports
¢ Managed the GPO portfolio with a successful 82% compliance
¢ Completed successful divestiture transition from HCA to OU Medicine Inc for all supply chain activities
e Responsible for the warehouse operations which provided 97% fill rates.

Director, 12/2012 to 12/2014
Huron Healthcare Consulting — City, STATE
¢ Responsible for selling consulting services, conducting operational assessments, including review of management structure and
providing recommendations for expense management and process improvement opportunities.
¢ Projects include major, multi-site organizations, community hospitals and critical access hospitals
¢ Contributed to multiple assessments identifying cost reduction opportunities ranging from $3.5M to $75M
e Project lead for engagement delivering 119% against goal.

Vice-President Support Service, 12/2002 to 12/2006
Washington Hospital Center — City, STATE
¢ Managed a $100M+ operating budget as well as 750 FTEs
e Effectuated a centralized patient transportation program with increased both patient and nursing satisfaction.
¢ Developed and implemented a four-campus emergency preparedness security plan which included unified emergency codes.
e Renegotiated contracts for sale of steam/chilled water to third party facilities increasing revenues and offsetting increase in utility
costs.
¢ Instituted a new way-finding and signage program, increasing patient satisfaction.
¢ Implemented a support services call center, increasing employee satisfaction.

e Administer a new patient advocate program, increasing patient satisfaction by 24%.

Education and Training

Master of Business Administration
Our Lady of the Lake University - San Antonio, Texas

Bachelor of Science: Healthcare Administration
University of Texas Medical Branch - Galveston, Texas

Activities and Honors

« American College of Healthcare Executives, Member

e Association for Healthcare Resource & Materials Management, Fellow, Member, Former Board Member, Former Board President
¢ Recipient of Gosset Leadership Award, 2002 CMRP

e OKC Rangers Soccer, Fundraising Manager

¢ Girls Softball Coach, Mustang, Oklahoma

¢ Church Under the Bridge Outreach Mission, Volunteer