JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Friendly and enthusiastic [Job Title] with [Number] years of specialization in [Type of Restaurant]. Able to learn new tasks quickly and
proficient in growing key customer relationships. Represent establishment with friendly, professional demeanor at all times.

HIGHLIGHTS
¢ Detail-oriented team player with strong leadership, advising, e Maintain excellent interpersonal communication, strategic and
consulting and problem resolution skills. tactical problem solving skills.
e Offer valuable experience in sales and customer service, along e Excellence in Salesforce CRM, Microsoft Dynamics CRM and
with prospecting and account retention. Microsoft Office suite. Proficient in Adobe suite.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Dean's List for Academic Honors: Fall 1998 through Summer 2002

EXPERIENCE

Consultant, 01/2015 - Current
Livingston Intl — New Orleans, LA
* to transform business operations and to achieve business goals through use of DNB tools and CRM integration.
e Planned and led meetings with executives, delivered a variety of presentations for numerous initiatives ensuring program alignment with
expected targets.
e Transformed business operations and contributed over $8M in revenue by FY13Q2 to achieve business goals. Consultant to transform
business operations and to achieve business goals.

e Design, manage, and deploy complex, high-risk technical customer solutions from conception to production.

Senior Business Consultation Acquisitions. 2011 - 2014
Nichols And Associates — Huntsville, AL
¢ New Business Acquisition and Consulting
e Led 24x 7 operations amongst cross-functional teams. Resolved more than 2,000 network disruptions during our 2012 contract, resulting
in decreased impact on customer revenues.
e Presented weekly reports to client executives, supported and managed the client relationship across a dynamic, high intensity environment
with stringent SLAs while achieving timely implementation, adhering to budget constraints, and generating new business opportunities.
e Acquisition of new customers through inbound calls and chats, probing questions and value add of product suite.
¢ Knowledgeable of full product suite from sales and marketing tools to financial services and custom API integration.
e Hoover's, DNB1, FR.

Independent Agent, 01/2010 - 01/2011
Commonwealth Assisted Living — Greensboro, NC
¢ Streamlined team operations and facilitated issue resolution to meet contract compliance metrics.
e Marketing AFLAC supplemental insurance products through outside sales and networking to generate accounts.
e Accountable for servicing new and existing payroll accounts and policyholders, along with nominating recruits.
* Consistently meet new business goals for individual direct accounts, group payroll and employee direct accounts.

Account Executive, 01/2009 - 01/2010
Citysearch / LAC — City, STATE
e Presented over 300 test cases to the State of Connecticut, which established realistic expectations of project deliverables thereby
strengthening the customer relationship while also achieving deadlines and exceeding targets.
* Sold Search Engine Marketing and Optimization services to businesses through face to face or phone presentations.
« Responsible for generating leads, maintaining CRM data, acquiring and servicing new business accounts.
e Repeatedly exceeded monthly goals by generating high levels of new clients along with excellent retention rates.

Owner / Publisher, 2008 - 2009
Austin Metro Woman's Directory — City, STATE
e Concurrently planned, executed and deployed 27 critical client projects within a 6-month period while also actively managing 100+
pipeline client projects.
¢ Developed and successfully implemented a Concept to Production Life Cycle management enhancement solution.
e Oversee all facets of the publication including client relations, ad design, layout, distribution and pay processing.
e Took over entire business and turned around for print within two weeks by preserving and increasing advertisers.

* Created awareness in community and grew client base and relationships with thorough account management.

Sales and Marketing Director, 2007 - 2008
API Productions — City, STATE
e Exceeded customer expectations by clarifying project outcomes, summarizing HP's service performance data, and emphasizing benefits of
service changes to customer.
¢ Created sales division and generated new clients through consistent, persistent prospecting and networking.
e Business consultant accountable for developing and launching small business video and online media division.
¢ Responsible for all aspects of projects, overseeing entire production process, and maintaining client relationships.
e API

Account Executive and Media Consultant, 01/2005 - 01/2008

Yellow Book USA — City, STATE
¢ Consultative outside sales position requiring organization, self-motivation and time management skills.
* Consistently achieved objectives for revenue generation through print, online and search engine advertising sales.
e Responsible for prospect generation, along with all aspects of account development and retention.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Communications, 2002

St. Edward's University - Austin, TX

St. Edward's University, Austin, TX 1998- 2002 Bachelor of Arts Degree in Communications with Specialty in Communication Studies: GPA
3.8

PRESENTATIONS

Planned and led meetings with executives, delivered a variety of presentations for numerous initiatives ensuring program alignment with

expected targets

SKILLS

Sales, Marketing, Sales And, Operations, And Marketing, Api, Integration, Integrator, Budget, Financial Services, From Sales, Outside Sales,
Account Executive, Search Engine, Account Development, Advertising, Advertising Sales, Sales Position, Time Management, Accountable
For, Networking, Clients, Crm, Customer Relationship Management, Accounts And, Direct Accounts, Metrics, Payroll, Cases, Leads,
Optimization, Search Engine Marketing, Test Cases, Account Management, Client Relations, Facets, Life Cycle, Pipeline, Publisher, Benefits,
Business Consultant, Created Sales, Production Process, Prospecting, And Account, Customer Service, Detail-oriented, Dynamics, Dynamics
Crm, In Sales, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Dynamics Crm, Microsoft Office, Ms Office, Problem Resolution, Problem Solving, Public
Relations, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Team Player, Business Operations, Solutions