Gwendolyn Norman

4310 Truman Ave.
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Phone: 555/432-2646
Cell: 555/432-0915
gwenn@earthlink.net

ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT
Strategic Planning | Leadership | High-Tech | Marketing Initiatives | Results

Executive Summary

.
.

eee eee

+e eee wee

Focus and Algnement
Developing Goals Mission
Strategic Planning and
Exccution

Team Building
Organicational Alignment
Untervieves

Benchmark sthacies
Phone /Email Surveys
Facilitation and Coaching,
‘Communications and

Meeting/ Group Facilitation
Decision Making
Consenees-Buihling
Marketing and Branding
Market Research

Research, Writing, Editing
‘Comumunteations for Internal
azxl External Audiences

Accomplished organizational-development professional with 10+
years of experience in project leadership, needs assessment/definition,
resource identification, and process/ change facilitation,

Skilled and thorough researcher eager to dive into, grasp, and
synthesize project scope and immediately become knowledgeable advocate,
creator, and facilitator of targeted project goals,

Articulate communicator and attentive, active listener who
possesses exceptional verbal, collaborative, and facilitation skills, as well as
solid interpretive, mentoring, counseling and coaching capabilities
delivered through motivational leadership style.

Detail-oriented achiever with strong business background and
experience in the trenches of recruiting, supervising, training, and
motivating staff to exceed targeted goals.

Focused, resourceful multitasker who has designed, developed, and
delivered numerous, successful marketing initiatives that incorporate
advertising and branding strategies, as well as transformed emerging
organizations into serious players.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CLIENTS AND Prosecrs UNDERTAKEN AS INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT

Consultant, Client: A Central Valley, California, Group of Substance Abuse Professionals and County
Health and Social Services, 2006 to Dec. 2007

H EADERSHIP and DEFINING GOALS

Developed annual work plan for new fiscal year to address four distinct areas; identified work groups
to develop each aspect of complex plan and complete project within aggressive timeframe,
Discovered and identified significant differences among team's provider organizations, as well as
types of clients each served, types of services provided, organization size, and varying funding levels
that threatened interference with focus on work plan.

Partnered with team leaders to design strategy to address conflicting priorities in separate forum,
ensuring that conflicts identified would be followed up with team, resulting in sharper focus on
priorities at hand, gradual ease of tensions, and increased team-member cooperation.

Modeled constructive group-member behavior to inspire team members to become active,

constructive participants.

Communicated consistently and proactively with team members via phone and e-mail between
meetings, coordinated meeting notes, and helped team members with individual work plans.