SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

SKILLS

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

()
*

)

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Results-oriented California CPA who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and
technology. Capable at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure.
Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.

« Complex problem solving e Outstanding interpersonal and organizational
« Analytical reasoning skills
e Financial statement analysis e Excellent Oracle skills in all modules
« SOX Compliance e Oracle FSG report writing
« Business function consolidation e Advance Excel and Access proficiency
« Process re-engineering e High adaptability to new technology
e System requirement writing and implementation « Account reconciliation expert
testing e Experienced in revenue recognition
CONSULTANT 01/2014 to CURRENT

Milliman | New York City, NY

« As amember of the special project team to bring client's offshore accounting function back to the ULS., |
traveled overseas to thoroughly learn and understand the complex revenue recognition model and
subsequently closed year end and provided training to client's U.S. team. The transition went smoothly
and efficiently, and it was completed prior to the original target date.

e« Engaged in client's divestiture process, responsible for training and transitioning of accounting
functionality from the client to the buyer, resulting a smooth transition of the sold business unit.

« Managed monthly maintenance and changes in Oracle Flexfields and Financial Statement Generator
(FSG) to ensure that financial reporting was accurate and reflected the up-to-date corporate rollups.

« Asamember of the Oracle 12 upgrade team, created validation methodologies in order to ensure
financial reporting integrity.

e« Served as a key contributor of the client's monthly and quarterly close and consolidation process,
managed and monitored the database of close tasks and journal entries, coordinated with various
accounting groups to ensure that each close was smooth and timely.

e Assisted the client in the quarterly and annual audit of financial information with external auditors.

e Stepped into the role of cost accounting at quarter end with only a few days of notice.

« In addition to contributing to a successful quarter end, identified the weakness of existing Inventory and
Cost Accounting process, and recommended solutions and improvements.

CC_ISULTANT 01/2013 to 01/2014
Milliman | San Diego, CA

e Responsible for complex monthly revenue recognition, reporting, and trend analysis.

e Reviewed contracts to interpret, determine, implement, maintain royalty rate database, calculated and
performed royalty variance analysis.

e Monitored billing and royalty ratio to determine reasonableness and identify billing and royalty miss
match, which prevented incorrect billing/royalty payments.

e Reviewed monthly closing process, recommended improvements, and implemented work flow
streamlining.

e Identified relevant reports, recommended methodologies, created new journal entries for mid-month
close due to a client company ownership change, and contributed to the timely completion of the
acquisition.

e — Utilizing my Accounting and IT hybrid experiences, | researched and identified source data of various
systems, designed and created tools which provided consolidated revenue and expense ratio analysis
for the management team.

IT QUSINESS SYSTEM ANALYST 01/2006 to 01/2012
Ashley Furniture | Layton, UT

e Asan Oracle Application "customer facing" resource, | liaised with project managers, enterprise
architects, business users. and various development teams to review, analyze, evaluate, and approve
complex business functional requirements.

e Partnered with stakeholders to forecast project costs and delivery time to ensure senior management's
successful prioritization of projects.

e Facilitated joint application design sessions with development teams and created "business requirement
traceable" system requirements, test cases, method of procedures, and short interval schedules,
resulting in efficient and timely delivery of projects.

e Coordinated design and system requirement approvals and maintained documents in DOORS system
to comply with IT SOX requirements.

e Actively communicated and participated in problem solving with IT release environment teams during
development, quality assurance, user acceptance testing, production, and post production warranty
periods - to achieve efficient transitions of various project phases.

e Supervisor of Revenue Accounting and Analysis Managed three revenue accounting staff members,
from their selection, operation and personal growth development.

e Conducted one-on-one sessions on a regular basis and performed mid-year and annual reviews.

e Ensured timely and accurate reporting of service revenue/ARPU in accordance with various GAAP
accounting rules, and contributed to the effort of successfully shortening the company's revenue
accounting closing days from three weeks to four business days.

e Worked closely with the financial planning team on revenue trend analysis/forecasting, and the
operation team on preparation of documentation and development of revenue recognition methods for
new products and services.

e Cooperated with external auditors on quarterly and annual audits, and internal teams on SOX control
testing and documentation.

e Supervised and prepared accurate and timely reports/analysis for all aspects of the financial statements
in relation to revenue, deferred revenue, cost of revenue, and operation metrics.

e Prepared monthly reporting and analysis packages for the management team, and implemented an
enhanced financial system to streamline revenue reporting.

CORPORATE ACCOUNTANT 01/2002 to 01/2006
Ardagh Group | Dolton, IL

e Performed monthly closing, variance analysis, and reconciliation of complex accounts.

e Reviewed account balances/aging trends and provided flux analysis for internal financial reporting,
forecasting, and external audits.

e Participated and contributed account transaction data analysis during the Oracle 11i implementation.

e Communicated and cooperated with international and domestic subsidiaries to streamline the closing
process.

e Prepared monthly fixed asset mass additions, deletions, depreciation, and inter-department asset
transfers.

e Calculated and recorded monthly foreign exchange gains/losses.

e Reviewed and interpreted contracts and related accounting publications to ensure appropriate
reporting of various expenses.

e Documented and implemented accounting control procedures for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.

M.CRKETING BUSINESS ANALYST/ACCOUNTING MANAGER 01/2000 to 01/2001
Fifth Wall | Philadelphia, PA

e Completed the Cisco/Vovida integration successfully with Cisco Acquisition teams.

e Facilitated cross-functional global sales meetings between the field and marketing teams resulting in
effective communication and timely resolution of major account issues.

e 2Jessica Claire Obtained, consolidated, and analyzed major account information from both the sales
and marketing teams on a continuing basis resulting in the availability of an up-to-date forecasting of
quarterly sales revenues.

e Established the Vovida Networks, Inc.

e Accounting Department, recruited, trained/managed the staff accountant, and implemented internal
controls into a rapidly growing start-up environment.

e Provided revenue/expense budgeting, forecasting, and reporting.

e Cooperated with Cisco acquisition teams on the due diligence process, and closed the acquisition within
a month after the announcement.

SEJIOR ACCOUNTANT 01/1999 to 01/2000
Welbilt | New Port Richey, FL

e Responsible for general ledger analysis, monthly and year-end closing, and project revenue/cost
analysis.

e Designed and prepared monthly actual/budget comparative financial statements for departmental
managers, senior executives, and the board of directors.

e Responsible for revenue and expense forecasting at both the corporate and departmental level.

e Responsible for reviewing and interpreting contracts to implement revenue recognition policies and
procedures per FASB guidelines.

e Facilitated tax returns and annual audits with CPA firms.

e Responsible for managing and maintaining the Platinum/FRS financial reporting system.

ASOOCIATE TAX ANALY ST 01/1998 to 01/1999
Computer Services, Inc. | Franklin, TN

e Performed financial statement auditing.

e Provided tax research and planning services for a variety of clients.

e Prepared complex quarterly and annual federal, state, local, property, and sales/use tax returns for
multi-state corporate clients.

e Assisted clients with their records and provided book-keeping services.

CCRPORATE TAX ANALY ST 01/1997 to 01/1998
McKesson Corporation | City, STATE

e Analyzed a variety of general ledger accounts and interpreted financial information to derive income/
losses for tax reporting purposes.

Master of Science | Accounting/Taxation
San Francisco State University
Accounting/Taxation Extensive course training in the fields of corporate finance, taxation, and business law.

Bz helor of Science | Business Administration Accounting
San Francisco State University
Business Administration Accounting

CcUrsework in accounting, finance, marketing, and information systems.

Accounting, accountant, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, streamline, application design, auditing,
billing, book-keeping, budgeting, budget. business law, business process, Cisco, closing, excellent
communication, interpersonal skills, contracts, corporate finance, Cost Accounting, cost analysis, CPA, client,
clients, data analysis, database, delivery, documentation, DOORS, due diligence, senior management,
external audits, finance, Financial, financial planning, financial reporting, financial reporting, financial
statements, forecasting, foreign exchange, functional. General Ledger, general ledger accounts, information
systems, Inventory, managing, marketing, meetings, enterprise, Networks, Oracle, Oracle Application, Oracle
Financials, Oracle Financial, Platinum, policies, problem solving, publications, quality assurance, report
writing, reporting, requirement, revenue recognition, sales, Sarbanes-Oxley, Supervisor, system analyst, tax,
tax research, tax returns, team player, trend, upgrade, validation, variance analysis, year-end

California CPA. Completed the UC Santa Cruz Certificate of Project and Program Management. Coursework in
SQL and Relational Database. 3