Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Operations Specialist with experience developing realistic solutions to assure satisfactory consumer and
SUMMARY customer experiences. Fluent with Quickbooks, Microsoft office, Google Workspace, and general CRM

maintence. Committed to resolving problems by impmentinga strong blueprint ( defining job descriptions,

SOPS, employment agreements, policies and procedures job cost reports) and maintaining accurate metrics

and reports.
SKILLS © e« Disaster Recovery Planning e Project Management
« Problem Resolution e Reporting capabilities
e« Client Relationships e Knowledgeable in System
« Analysis & Evaluation e Strategic planning
e« Server Management e Budgeting /Financial Planning
« Team Leadership & Development e Customer service

e Processes and procedures

WORK HISTORY «© CONSULTANT 07/2019 to CURRENT
Microstrategy | Menlo Park, CA

e Boosted success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring
practices, training programs and management systems.

e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and
recommend appropriate solutions.

e Initiated success of client's organization by improving performance, hiring practices and management
systems.

e Supported clients with business analysis, documentation and data modeling.

e Developed strategic component development plans to support future projects.

e Updated stakeholders on key milestones for projects.

e Tracked costs and expenses to compare with original budget and identify failure points.

e Delivered outstanding service to clients to maintain and extend relationship for future business
opportunities.

e Saved considerable costs by renegotiating outsourcing contracts.

e Created detailed roadmaps of action items and project goals and generated reports to inform budgeting
and planning.

e Developed comprehensive business cases to analyze costs, benefits, ROI and TCO of proposed
solutions.

e Generated reports of findings to help management with making key decisions.

e Boosted customer experiences by delivering superior customer service, issue resolution and
merchandising.

e Conducted P&L statement analysis to improve daily operations, increase revenue and reduce costs.

e Evaluated performance and policies against metrics.

e Assisted various departments with change by communicating new improvement plans and expectations.

e Educated staff on organizational mission and goals to help employees achieve success.

e Collected, arranged and input information into database system.

e Coached staff on daily performance and conducted evaluations to constructively address concerns.

e Tracked and analyzed reports to determine needed improvements.

e Supported creation of detailed, technical financial models to value potential acquisition targets.

e Gathered, organized and input information into digital database.

REDEPTIONIST 03/2020 to 12/2021
Merritt Academy | Mclean, VA

e Managed multiple tasks and met time-sensitive deadlines.

e Answered central telephone system and directed calls accordingly.

e Confirmed appointments, communicated with clients and updated client records.

¢ Drafted professional memos, letters and marketing copy to support business objectives and growth.

¢ Directed incoming calls to internal personnel and departments, routing to best-qualified department.

e Liaised with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to properly process orders.

e Corresponded with clients through email, telephone or postal mail.

e Scheduled and confirmed appointments and meetings for senior management team.

¢ Maintained building security by monitoring logbook and issuing visitor badges.

e Greeted incoming visitors and customers professionally and provided friendly, knowledgeable
assistance.

e Kept records in CRM to maintain customer data.

e Managed multitine phone system directing individuals to desired personnel and providing general
information about operations.

e Provided clerical support to company employees by copying, faxing and filing documents.

e Resolved customer problems and complaints.

e Kept reception area clean and neat to give visitors positive first impression.

e Sorted, received and distributed mail correspondence between departments and personnel.

e Aggregated and prepared documentation and reports for office meetings, distribution and filing.

e Oversaw inventory activities, including materials monitoring, ordering or requisition and supply stocking
or re-stocking.

e Responded to inquiries from callers seeking information.

e Supported various administrative duties by proofreading, transcribing and invoicing.

e Answered large volume of incoming calls daily to resolve customer issues and schedule appointments.

e Answered phone promptly and directed incoming calls to correct offices.

e Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.

DIECTOR OF EMERGENCY SERVICES AND DIAGNOSTIC IMAGING 07/2003 to 05/2013
Indian River Medical Center | City, STATE

« Coordinated with local police, fire and EMS during emergencies and completed detailed incident reports
using online report system.

e Oversaw provision of emergency response resources and supervised internal team functions.

e« Motivated, developed and retained emergency response team members.

e Maximized throughput, patient satisfaction and staff efficiency by development and implementing
optimized care models.

e Applied for federal funding for emergency-management-related needs and administered and reported
on progress of such grants.

e« Kept informed of activities or changes that could affect likelihood of emergencies, factors that could
affect response efforts and details of plan implementation.

e Maintained current understanding of local, state and federal guidelines for emergency response.

e Built and strengthened relationships with area governments, departments and agencies to manage
effective planning and implementation of emergency response strategies.

e Supported care objectives by devising and implementing effective structures to track performance and
assess compliance with specifications.

e Reviewed operational plans from other locations to identify options for local systems.

e Inspected facilities and equipment such as emergency management centers and communications
equipment to determine operational and functional capabilities in emergency situations.

e Investigated practical and theoretical issues facing emergency services and identified effective
resolutions.

« Delivered exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering
questions.

« Actively listened to customers' requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concerns.

« Received and processed stock into inventory management system.

e Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Increased customer satisfaction by resolving product or service issues.

EDUCATION (© Bachelor Of Science In Nursing | Nursing, Admin And Finance 05/2004
Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, FL

e Completed Job Title or Apprenticeship Name Apprenticeship, Company Name - Completion Date
e« Majored in business