Professional Profile

Dedicated IT Consultant with 15+ years of experience in developing functional
documents that help clients adopt next-gen technologies in manufacturing,
e-commerce, supply chain, oil & gas, and finance sectors. Adept at leveraging
appropriate methodologies and tools to plan, execute, and track projects. Proven
ability to perform data modeling, extract insights, and make data-driven suggestions.

Career Summary

Jan 2019 - Present Intact Technology, Milwaukee, WI
IT Consultant

Outline

Offer advice and solutions regarding clients’ IT infrastructure, for a firm that empowers
IT organizations across the world's largest companies and government agencies
towards improving user experience, reducing costs, and remediating inefficiencies.

Key Responsibilities

e Liaise with and assess external stakeholders’ current systems and workflows and
identify their technology requirements.

e Oversee the planning, execution, and monitoring of projects according timelines,
budgets, and quality standards.

e Devise comprehensive IT strategies tailored that meet specific business targets.

e Guide on the selection and implementation of resilient hardware, software,
connectivity, and network resources to drive operational efficiency.

e« Coordinate with multiple teams and vendors to build, integrate, and deploy
components which ensure seamless compatibility with existing infrastructure.

e Mitigate risks, protect data, and assure regulatory compliance through evaluating
cybersecurity measures and communicating suitable recommendations.

« Provide technical and troubleshooting assistance for resolving IT-related issues.

¢ Produce training materials and conduct coaching sessions to educate end users
on new technologies, applications, and best practices.

e Stay up-to-date with the latest innovations by reading journals, attending
conferences, and cultivating strong industry relationships.

Key Achievements

e Saved $30K+ for numerous clients through negotiating favorable vendor contracts.

e Reduced errors by 25%+ and enhanced productivity by 60%+ due to streamlining
business activities and IT systems.

e Lowered data breaches by 35% as a result of executing effective system audits and
rolling out state-of-the-art firewalls.

Jul 2014 - Dec 2018 Koble, Milwaukee, WI
IT Consultant

Outline

Partnered with enterprises to acknowledge their objectives and expand roadmaps that
optimized PCs, internet programs, and telecoms devices, for a company that provides
an ERP platform that enables growth and better thriving communities.

Key Responsibilities

« Spearheaded projects from start to finish, including organizing, staffing, and
directing work efforts.

e Cooperated with diverse clientele in examining processes and determining
configuration and schedules that adhered to meet business goals.

e Demonstrated a comprehension of how automation progressed various
industries.

e Prepared proposals outlining the scope, tasks, expectations, outcomes, and costs.

e Explained computer science concepts to non-technical audiences in layman's
terms.

Page 1