JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

ses x2

e Assessment

© Project Management - Consult with clients to gain detailed
information used to develop comprehensive

® project plans and tasks.

¢ Process Improvements - The ability to devise and implement
processes, procedures, systems and

* internal controls to strengthen operations and enhance customer
satisfaction.

¢ Professional Training and Development - Extensive knowledge of
electronic health care software and

e its clinical functionality as it relates to clinic workflow including

documentation, orders and medications.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE —SSSSSSSS

TD ooo EXPERIENCE

CONSULTANT, 01/2014 - Present
Awarepoint — Palo Alto, CA
¢ Currently contracted by Community Health Systems (CHS) of Franklin, TN to work with the training manager and coordinator to manage
training issues and risks associated with projects, using standard tools and processes.
* Collaborate with the CHS project team to populate and establish training environments for training activities.
e Apply principles of adult learning theory, group dynamics, group facilitation, needs analysis, program design and evaluation and change
management into day-to-day practice and program offerings.
¢ Provide WebEx sessions as well as on-site training classes where necessary.
e Ensure training sessions are consistent with regulatory and clinical workflows.
e Work with organizations to solve issues, create value, maximize growth and improve business performance.
e Assist with follow up evaluations for recommendations on improving usage of the software systems in the various clinics and specialties.
e Advise clients on how to use information technology to meet their business objectives and overcome problems.

¢ Provide strategic guidance regarding technology, IT infrastructures and enabling major business processes through enhancements to IT.

PROJECT MANAGER, 01/2006 - 01/2014
Vmly&R — Allen Park, MI
* Provided strategic management and operational oversight of support teams consisting of 6 direct reports and 55 technicians on Output
Device Service & Support, including budget control; production timetable, status reporting, client/project team coordination; and quality
assurance.
* Designed and deployed several highly successful projects from the ground up managing all aspects of the projects including customer
support, client services, operations and quality assurance.
e Ensured monthly Service Level Agreements were met.
¢ Worked to monitor, track and report progress against a project plan to Senior Management.
e« Accomplished project fielding and deployment on time and within budget.
e Was responsible for comprehensive planning of systems fielding, deployment tasks and budget.
e Created policies and procedures that incorporate day to day activities for all Output Device Technicians throughout the Army Corp of
Engineers.
e Asset Manager and Configuration Item owner of over 12,000 output devices.
© Led dedicated and non-dedicated resources to accomplish project fielding/deployment phase.
¢ Promoted teamwork and cooperation to achieve objectives.
e Interacted with Internal/External Senior Management Client side and Organization Side.
¢ Conducted weekly Integrated Project Team meetings with Output Device Technicians & Support Team on Asset Management,
Configuration Management Database Processes & Procedures.

PROJECT LEAD. 01/1999 - 01/2006
Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. — Andersonville, TN
¢ Provided technical support for Central office as well as all site offices, which included Windows 2000/XP, Windows 2000/2003 server
operating systems.
e Served as Project Manager for 18-month private branch exchange (PBX) to voice over internet protocol (VoIP) conversion project.
© Served as the single point of contact for all data and network and communication design development, installation, documentation and
problem resolution.
¢ Completed maintenance, troubleshooting and documentation of network architectures including: Cisco Switches, Routers, Virtual Private
Networks (VPNs) and firewalls.
¢ Monitored and administered print, file application and email servers.

¢ Implemented and maintained network security and policy.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Master of Science: Management, August 2003
Florida Institute of Technology - Redstone Arsenal, AL

Management

Bachelor of Science: Computer and Information Sciences, May 1992
Alabama A&M University - AL
Computer and Information Sciences

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

sxxs__

Army, Asset Management, budget, business processes, change management, Community Health, Configuration Management, conversion,
Client, clients, customer satisfaction, customer support, Database, documentation, email, Senior Management, firewalls, group facilitation,
information technology, managing, meetings. exchange, office, Windows 2000, Windows 2000, needs analysis, network security, network,
Networks, operating systems, PBX, policies, problem resolution, Processes, program design and evaluation, progress, Project Management,
project plans, quality assurance, quality assurance, reporting, Routers, servers, Service Level Agreements, strategic, strategic management,
Cisco Switches, teamwork, technical support, troubleshooting, VoIP. workflow