SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION (©

LANGUAGES ©

INTERESTS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

CONSULTANT 01/2012
Iqvia Holdings Inc | Wayne, PA

e Provided programmatic and operational support for audit readiness engagement with the Defense
Logistics Agency.

e Designed and implemented SOPs for on-boarding security process for 150 new hire contractors.

e Transformed difficult client relations into collaborative ones, facilitating smooth program management.

e Built resource management system to track and maintain contract requirements and sensitive personnel
information.

ENJERPRISE SALES ACCOUNT MANAGER 10/2014 to CURRENT
Adobe Systems Incorporated | Stockholm, ME

e Work with Director of Enterprise Sales to develop innovative business plans and sales strategies to
build the enterprise sales unit from $0.

e Leverage relationships with engineering, marketing and customer support through internal training
programs.

e Collaborate with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and
coordinate product demonstrations.

e Actively manage the portfolio of all enterprise accounts totaling ~$40K of monthly reoccurring revenue.

e Developed and implemented standard operating procedures for onboarding all new enterprise
accounts.

e Coordinate and manage major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.

e Increased monthly sales by 20% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer
base.

e Deliver exceptional account service to strengthen customer loyalty.

CC_DRDINATOR 01/2013 to 01/2014
Best Buy | Alexandria, LA

e Conducted expert meetings with companies needing expertise for coverage and adoption of their device
technologies resulting in $30K revenue for the Center.

e Planned and executed annual GI Technology Summit's programming, budgeting, agenda, faculty
invitations. and logistics such as travel, accommodations, and honorarium for faculty; led to generation
of $350K in revenue.

e Prepared and managed all contracts, budgets, and invoices related to industry and physician expert
relationships.

e« Supported medical device registries and manage contracts, communications, and invoices with clients.

e« Planned workshop on "How to Estimate and Reward True Patient-Centric Value in Innovation" in
conjunction with the FDA to bridge gap between regulators, investigators, device companies, and
payers and enhance collaboration leading to better understanding of roles and expectations in support
of high-value healthcare.

LEOAL ASSISTANT 01/2012 to 01/2013
Adelson, Testan, Brundo, Novell & Jimenez | Omaha, NE

e Prepared wills, living trusts, and other estate documents for clients with $1M+ net worth: generated
$250K in revenue.

e Managed client accounts on My Personal DataSafe software; advised CEO on best practices, issue
resolution and user experience to improve performance and reliability of software's technical
architecture.

EXOCUTIVE ASSISTANT 2005 to 2011
Auto Plus Pep Boys | Altamonte Springs, FL

e Collaborated on a Maryland-Ukraine Business Accelerator proposal designed to facilitate
commercialization of innovative ideas from Ukrainian entrepreneurs and act as catalyst for new product
development.

e Researched, planned and recruited for a seminar involving Russian education organizations around the
nation to discuss value of Russian language and education: consequently Mayor Katz granted the days
of June 5-12 as the "Days of Russian Culture" in city of Gaithersburg, MD.

e Advised new business owners and facilitated process of registering their companies with their
respective states.

e Performed bookkeeping and tax return preparation for domestic and international businesses.

e Provided customer support for clients with account issues and resolved discrepancies in their
accounting records.

e Managed accounts receivable for 1,200 tax clients and collected over $50K in overdue payments.

e Collaborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on
special projects and events. Served as a professional representative of the CEO to executive clients,
investors and board members.

e Served as a liaison between company president and clients regarding client accounts and new
business.

e Investigated red flags for fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, tax evasion, false accounting
statements, organized crime, terrorist financing and insider trading.

e Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records,
reports and documents.

Master of Science | Technology Commercialization MAY 2015
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN, McCombs School of Business, Austin, Texas
Technology Commercialization

BzChelor of Arts | Anthropology Biology MAY 2011
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, College Park, Maryland
Anthropology Biology

Te ching Assistant for upper level Anthropology courses

English and Russian

Designated by the AGA as a 'SharePoint Super User' (2014) Work Eligibility: Eligible to work in the United
States with no restriction

« Designated by the AGA as a ‘SharePoint Super User' (2014) Work Eligibility: Eligible to work in the
United States with no restriction

accounting, accounts receivable, Agency, bookkeeping, budgeting, budgets, contracts, client, clients, client
relations, customer support, English, Innovation, Languages, Logistics, Director, managing, meetings, MS
Office, Enterprise, new product development, personnel, program management, programming, proposal,
Russian, Russian language, Sales, strategy, Summit, tax, Teaching, Ukrainian, vision