Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Results-oriented business leader with more than ten years of experience in day-to-day business operations management. Effective

liaison to key clients, accounts and both internal and external business stakeholders. Offering ability to leverage trends across

industries and markets to derive solutions and approaches focused on creating value for customers and profitability for company.

Demonstrated ability to streamline processes for efficiency and productivity. Well-versed in applying multi-faceted approach to

managing safety, operations and productivity across multiple business lines. Experienced team leader that emphasizes streamlining

operations, continuous improvement, and cross-functional collaboration to build high-performing teams comprised of inspired staff

in order to achieve both personal and professional goals.
Skills

¢ Business planning

¢ Staff Management

¢ Strategic Planning

¢ Sales and Marketing

¢ Work flow planning

¢ Budgeting and forecasting

e Risk analysis and management

¢ Project development and life cycle

¢ Solutions Development

Work History

Consultant, 01/2018 to Current
Kaiser Permanente — Santa Cruz, CA

* Policies and Procedures Implementation
¢ Cost Reduction Strategies

* Contract Review and Recommendations
e Team Leadership

¢ Relationship Development

e Negotiation

e Business Development

¢ Data analysis

e Report generation

e Evaluated diverse organizational systems to identify workflow, communication and resource utilization issues.

e Conferred with existing and potential customers to assess requirements and propose optimal solutions.

e Managed revenue models, process flows, operations support and customer engagement strategies.

¢ Managed monetary transactions with perfect accuracy, which elevated customer satisfaction ratings.

¢ Developed strategic component development plans to support future projects.
¢ Compiled research data and gave professional presentations highlighting finds and recommended optimizations.

e Researched latest market trends to provide current knowledge to clients.

Manager, 01/2012 to 01/2018
Mcdonald's — Zionsville, IN

¢ Established and administered annual budget with effective controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and support

sustainability objectives.

¢ Developed and submitted strategy and initiative reports to highlight current actions and proposed changes to corporate

comunittee.

¢ Developed and implemented daily operations plans such as delivery routes, employee assignments and promotional strategies.

¢ Conducted performance reviews each quarter, offering praise and recommendations for improvement.

¢ Implemented policies and standard operating procedures for continuous improvement.

e Expanded cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and common

goals.

e Controlled costs and optimized spending via restructuring of budgets for labor, capital assets, inventory purchasing and

technology upgrades.

Operations Manager, 07/2009 to 12/2011
Emcor Group, Inc. — League City, TX

e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast needs.

e 5S and Lean Six Sigma.

¢ Accelerated efficiency of operations by controlling budgets, overseeing customer accounts, managing scheduling and driving

meetings.

¢ Directed activities and initiatives to achieve regulatory compliance, foster good manufacturing practices and meet component

quality standards.

¢ Organized preventive maintenance to reduce downtime and line shutdown or production delays.

¢ Boosted team performance with enhanced employee evaluation processes.

¢ Documented safety action plans, quality initiatives, and team performance.

¢ Developed project management roadmap to define project objectives, timelines and milestones.

Operations Manager, 03/2006 to 06/2009
Emcor Group, Inc. — Loveland, CO

¢ Recruited, hired, mentored and trained 20 staff on business procedures, policies, duties and customer care methods.

e Oversaw day-to-day business operations by fostering deep professional relationships with contacts and customers.

¢ Promoted energetic atmosphere with purpose to drive improvements in customer care and experiences.

¢ Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast needs.

¢ Supported regulatory compliance by overseeing all audits to verify protocol adherence.

¢ Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity and performance metrics.

Education

MBA: Corporate Finance, 06/2020

Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH
¢ Member of Delta Mu Delta
¢ Graduated with 4.0 GPA
¢ Graduated summa cum laude

¢ Graduated in Top 1% of Class

Master of Science: Project Management & Operations, 11/2020
Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH
¢ Graduated with 4.0 GPA

¢ Graduated summa cum laude

Graduate Certificate : Project Management, 06/2020
Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH

¢ Fulfilled required coursework for PMP Certification (through PMI)

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration, Management
Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR

Affiliations
¢ Rotary International
e Eugene Active 20-30 Club
« Eugene Chamber Young Professionals Network (YPN)
e Eugene Association of REALTORS YPN founder
e Holt International Children's Services

¢ Habitat for Humanity volunteer