JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

To utilize my technical skills with respect to SAP Security/GRC and provide a professional service to customers by applying and honing my
knowledge and working in a challenging and motivating working environment.

SKILLS
e SAP Security (ECC, BUBW, CRM, SRM, IBP) e People Management
e SAP Authorizations e Incident Management
e SAP GRC e Problem Solving
e ServiceNow, ITSM Solman Tool e Saviynt [AM
e SAP Reportings
EXPERIENCE

Consultant, 01/2022 - Current
Parametric Technology Corporation — Wayne, India
e Working as Senior SAP Security Consultant.
¢ Developed and implemented security monitoring and reporting tools.
¢ Successfully implemented security roles and analysis authorizations.
¢ Created Segregation of Duties conflict matrix to ensure compliance to company standards and to mitigate the SOD Violations using
Saviynt Tool.
¢ Created composite roles to simplify management understanding of user access for yearly reviews. - responsible for creating and modifying
master/derived roles, using the Profile Generator (PFCG) tool.
¢ Verified that proposed role changes did not violate segregation-of-duties (SOD) policies and documented the changes in order to satisfy
audit requirements.
e SAP IBP Security - User, Roles and Visibility Filters/Permission Filters - creation/moditfication.
* Leading SAP Security Team for seamless Operations, handling escalations, people management

Application Development Team Lead, 06/2018 - 01/2022
Cal Net Technology — Rancho Cucamonga
e Working as Senior SAP Security Consultant
¢ Developed and implemented security monitoring and reporting tools.
* Successfully implemented security roles and analysis authorizations.
e Created Segregation of Duties conflict matrix to ensure compliance to company standards and to mitigate the SOD Violations using
Saviynt Tool.
¢ Created composite roles to simplify management understanding of user access for yearly reviews.
* Responsible for creating and modifying master/dertved roles, using the Profile Generator (PFCG) tool.
¢ Verified that proposed role changes did not violate segregation-of-duties (SOD) policies and documented the changes in order to satisfy

audit requirements.

Systems Engineer, 06/2017 - 06/2018
Teradata Corporation — San Diego

e Working as SAP Security Administrator.

¢ Knowledge of User Administration, Role Administration -Creating and maintaining authorization and Roles including Single role,
Composite role and derived role.

© Provide guidance regarding single, composite, reference, and derived roles via PFCG.

e Manage user administration utilizing SU01 and SU10 (mass changes) in creating, copying, deleting, locking, unlocking users and
provisioning roles.

e Utilize SE16 and SUIM to retrieve various data.

* Utilize SU24 to enable / disable security checks and analyzing $U53 reports.

e Generate transports for security to move profiles and roles to the proper clients.

e Maintain password restrictions and handling various issues ranging from user expiration to missing authorizations.

e Using system trace to record authorization checks in different sessions using STO1 and analyse the user problems by using SU53, SUIM.

« Documented SAP Security policies and guidelines for table access, naming conventions, Program access, report access, ABAP
development, custom authorization objects, etc.

© Provided Production support in SAP Security related daily activities related to user authorization issues and user account administration.

e Assisted users in troubleshooting and identifying authorization issues using SU53 and trace analysis.

¢ Verified that proposed role changes did not violate segregation-of-duties (SOD) policies and documented the changes in order to satisfy
audit requirements.

¢ Performed Unit test of the roles after role modifications, released the transports via SE10 and worked with Business Analysts in getting the
roles tested in QA system, before moving the roles to Production System.

Senior Software Engineer, 02/2015 - 05/2017
Capgemini — City
e New User Creation, User delimiting, new roles addition, single/composite/derived roles creation, user modification on SAP as SAP
Security Administrator.
e Having knowledge (practical) on various user provisioning techniques including role maintenance.
e New user creation, user modification on active directory of windows server 2008 R2.
¢ New mailbox creation, mailbox deletion, mailbox modification on exchange console 2003.
e External email access for the external users through SMTP backbone (User Based Routing).
e New user addition, removing of users and modification of user on Lync server console Account modification on RSA console (partner
VPN console).
¢ Worked with ITSM Tool (Servicenow).
e Worked on QC Management, People Management, Incident Management.
* Worked on A3 Analysis

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

B.Tech: Informantion Technology, 03/2014
RCC Institute of Information Technology - Kolkata
7.60 DGPA

XIIth Board Examination, 03/2010
Bidhannagar Gov't High School - Kolkata
68.40%

Xth Board Examination, 03/2008
Bidhannagar Gov't High School - Kolkata
85.12%

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Explore RISE with SAP S/4HANA Cloud - Issued by SAP - 30/03/2023

e AWS Certified Developer - Associate - 09/09/2020

e SAP GRC BusinessObjects Access Control 10.0 by Udemy - 02/07/2018

e SAP Security Training by SAP Training Now & OJAYO SAP on Udemy - 01/15/2018

e ITIL®V3 Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management by AXELOS Global Best Practice - 27/03/2016

LANGUAGES
Bengali: First Language
Negotiated:
English: C2 Hindi: Cl
Proficient Advanced

Negotiated: Negotiated: