SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Attentive and goal-focused brings successful approach to cultivating complex best practices to meet

organizational and regulatory expectations. Detail-oriented focus on achieving expected outcomes.
Enthusiastic hard worker with expertise in cultivating lucrative client relationships and implementing better
processes and procedures.

e Reports and documentation e Client rapport

e Software troubleshooting e Continuous Improvement

e Content management system e Quality Assurance

e Project analysis e Customer relationship management

e« Issue resolution

CONSULTANT 09/2020 to CURRENT
Deloitte | Boston, MA

e Researched and analyzed operations to ascertain detailed client needs.

e Established quality standards and performed work according to project schedules.

« Implemented needs assessment mechanisms to identify demand for products and services.

e Laid out consulting services governing orders, activities, schedules and employee performance.

e Broadened improvement initiatives by troubleshooting problems and recommending corrective actions.
e Delivered high level of service to customers in effort to build upon relationships for future.

e Evaluated internal systems and prepared training initiatives to mitigate ongoing problems.

CLOANING SERVICE 04/2010 to CURRENT
Cedco: The Mill Casino Hotel & Rv Park And Tribal One/Orca Communications | North Bend, OR

e Kept bathrooms in clean, functional condition by scrubbing stalls, cleaning toilets and tidying storage
shelves.

e Sanitized frequented areas and equipment using approved supplies.

e Collected trash from floors within hallways, bathrooms and work areas.

e Vacuumed carpeted areas and mopped solid surfaces with proper chemical solutions.

e Scrubbed bathrooms, removing soap scum, mold and excess dirt from sinks and shower area.

e Transported trash and hazardous waste to appropriate disposal area.

e Handled and stored hazardous chemicals safely to prevent injury or illness.

e Responded to emergency cleaning requests to meet client expectations.

e Maintained safety protocols through safe handling of equipment and chemicals.

e Created checklists for daily stocking of housekeeping carts to improve inventory management and
prevent unnecessary trips to stockroom.

e Stripped, sealed. finished and polished floors to maintain appearance and remove scratches.

e Performed daily dusting, leather and wood surface polishing and wall washing.

¢ Buffed tile floors to maintain polished appearance.

CC IKTAIL SERVER 08/2008 to 04/2010
Sheri's Cabaret | City, STATE

e« Recommended and served alcoholic beverages to patrons during high-volume shifts.

e Maintained tidiness and organization throughout bar area.

« Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.

« Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase
restaurant sales.

« Communicated with patrons to offer friendly service and determine needs.

« Took drink orders from tables and bar area and relayed to bartenders.

e Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to
management for resolution.

e« Created rapport with new and returning patrons to foster guest satisfaction.

« Cleaned tables after service and quickly resetting supplies to maintain restaurant and service flow.

« Suggested cocktail choices based on customer preference, daily specials and inventory availability.

« Checked identification prior to serving.

« Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.

« Provided exceptional service to high volume of daily customers.

High School Diploma 06/2002
La Cuesta Hugh School, Santa Barbara, CA