PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ©

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

© Accomplished IT and Management Consultant who drives business process and organizational improvements

in the energy industry through leveraging expertise in research, relationship management, and system
enhancement. Well-versed in collaborating with employees, clients, and leaders to resolve control and
procedural problems negatively affecting business operations. Dedicated to process, cost, and resource
optimization.

« Business Process Improvement e Testing and Training Development

« Relationship Management e Revenue and JIB Deck Maintenance

« Research, Analysis & Evaluation e Strategic Planning

« Project Management e Requirements Documentation

« Data Management « Knowledgeable in SSMS, SQL Developer, Visio,
e Land Management SharePoint, Teams, MS Office 365, M-Files,

« Leadership & Communication ConnectWise, ThoughtTrace, Quorum and W
Energy Upstream ERP Suites, P2 Land, and
BOLO

e Designing Solutions

e Energy Solutions

CONSULTANT 11/2019 to CURRENT
Ihs Markit | Us Remote, MN

e Served as Lead Business and Technical Analyst on a $475M acquisition.

e Coded SQL Conversion Scripts for three Land Data Migrations.

e Converted 100K+ documents into target Document Management System.

e Evaluated diverse organizational systems to identify workflow, solution design, communication and
resource utilization issues.

e Compiled research data and gave professional presentations highlighting findings and recommended
optimizations.

e Designed comprehensive business process flow diagrams for Land Administration operations.

e Supported clients with business analysis, documentation and report building.

e Conferred with existing and potential clients to assess requirements and propose optimal software and
business process solutions.

e Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, timeline and resource availability.

e Authored detailed roadmaps of action items and project goals, to meet business priorities and
deadlines.

e Tracked costs and expenses to compare with original budget and identify failure points.

e Provided updates to all stakeholders on key milestones, overall project performance, and progress.

ANALYST 04/2019 to 10/2019
Amazon.Com, Inc. | Cranbury, NJ

e Tracked and resolved hundreds of malfunctions with systems and programs through troubleshooting.

e Led testing resolution meetings with over 20 testers.

e Performed system analysis, documentation, testing, implementation and user support for platform
transitions.

e Validated results and performed quality assurance to assess accuracy of data.

e Researched and recommended process improvements designed to mitigate operational and financial
risk.

e Maximized team knowledge and productivity by effectively training, monitoring and directing employees
in application of best practices and regulatory protocols.

INCIOUSE LANDMAN 01/2015 to 03/2019
California Resources Corporation | Mckittrick, CA

e Accumulated, analyzed, and structured all supporting documentation and data pertaining to leases and
contracts covering divestitures of 25,000, 18,000 and 16,000 net acres.

e Implemented and managed a new leasing and assignment tracking process involving field brokers
covering all new company acquisitions.

e Tracked and managed a 6 month post transactional leasing bonus program that totaled over $10M.

e Performed routine data quality assessments.

e Calculated and reviewed monthly lease extension option payments. Created lease purchase reports,
exhibits and amendments.

e Prepared revenue, JIB decks and associated component charges for new wells.

e Calculated and processed interest changes from various types of conveyances.

e Assisted in title curative work.

e Communicated effectively with the entire land, accounting, finance and geology departments to ensure
accurate reports were being represented by the company.

LAQD TECHNICIAN 07/2014 to 01/2015
Gastar Exploration, Inc. | City, STATE

e Digitized, reviewed and organized thousands of documents including: all of the company's title opinions,
well files, contract files, and lease files.

e Maintained organization of the file room on a day to day basis.

e Contacted mineral owners and brokers relating to due diligence in curing title.

Bachelor of Science 05/2014
University of Texas At Austin, Austin, TX

« Completed The Business Foundations Certificate Program from the Red McCombs School of Business
« Coursework in Management Information Systems, Legal Environment in Business, Finance, Accounting,
Micro-Economics, Macro-Economics, Statistics, Management, Intro to Entrepreneurial Studies, and

Psychology.
« Member of The Texas Iron Spikes whose main philanthropy was The Special Olympics of Texas.

« Completed the Professional Land Management Certificate from the University of Houston - Downtown in
2014.

« Outside of work, my hobbies include cooking, staying active outside, and spending quality time with
family and friends.