SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Talented human resources professional experienced in developing and managing benefits plans for medical,
dental, vision, life and other areas of care. Resourceful and proactive with a strong attention to detail and
flexible approach to solving routine and complex problems. Demonstrated success in administering benefits,
building up employee satisfaction and coordinating paperwork. Proficient in managing program updates,
enrollment periods and plan negotiations. Adept at locating providers. implementing plans, and managing
employee enrollments. Good grasp of documentation requirements, recordkeeping standards and compliance
guidelines.

e ACA standards knowledge e HR understanding
« Open enrollment e Strategic planning advice
« Benefits interpretation e Developing proposals
« Employee benefits practices e« Educating consumers
e Verbal and written communication e Developing referrals
« Special projects e Reporting requirements
e Training & Development e Regulatory compliance
« Time management e Auditing dependents
© CONSULTANT 2019 to CURRENT

Informatica | Minnesota, GA

e Manages client lifecycle from strategic planning to post renewal.

e Primary contact for carriers on day-to-day issue resolution.

e Manage renewal process and RFP schedule.

e Provide plan designs and cost comparisons for all benefits offered.

e Prepare employee presentations for open enrollment/health fairs.

e Counseled clients on developing competitive benefits packages, which promote employee retention, by
presenting data on industry and demographic standards.

e Provided assistance to plan participants by explaining benefits information to ensure educated
selections.

« Communicated effectively via email, phone and face-to-face with plan participants to resolve issues
pertaining to health and welfare benefits.

e Reviewed employee enrollments to verify accuracy, inputting all information into company's database.

e Monitored data integrity and confidentiality by observing strict regulations and procedures.

e Mentored newly hired employees in benefits department and provided information regarding company
policies and procedures.

e Administered and created corporate incentive plans, stock options, corporate credit cards and
compensation policies and procedures based on thorough financial analysis.

ASOOCIATE CONSULTANT 2018 to 2079
Amdocs | Reston, VA

e Provided assistance to plan participants by explaining benefits information to ensure educated
selections.

e Reviewed employee enrollments to verify accuracy, inputting all information into company's database.

e Support lead consultant in client service

e Manage RFP schedule and spreadsheet results

e Provide plan designs and cost comparisons for all benefits offered

e Coordinate and support client health fairs and open enrollment

e Build Presentations and work with Account Coordinator to arrange communication distribution

e Prepared occupational job descriptions and scales to standardize industry-based systems.

e Produced detailed organizational. flow chart and career path reports to facilitate smooth operations and
employee progression.

CLCENT ASSOCIATE 2018 to 2018
Signature Bank | Jericho, NY

e Communicate effectively with clients, insurance carriers and internal team members.

e Maintain accurate client files and records for general reference and office use.

e Support the client's HR department with managing employee benefits.

e Assist in the process of client issue resolution.

e Audit client invoices.

e Onboard for new client employees.

e Preparation and participating in conference calls/meetings.

e Create and maintaining bi-monthly payroll change files for payroll deductions.

e Utilize carrier portals to issue, terminate or make changes to employee benefits.

e Provided detailed information about benefits and limitations of different policies and programs.

e Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirement
plans.

e Organized paperwork and checked individual pages for accuracy and completeness.

JROCLIENT ASSOCIATE 2017 to 2018
Paul Global Benefits | City, STATE

e You will support the employee benefits Client Service Cycle to ensure a seamless renewal process and
help our team retain business

e Prepare RFPs, coordinate vendor responses, and create client presentations You begin to effectively
present in open enrollment meetings, participate on client calls, and reply to clients via email

e Establish positive relationships in your office and support with administrative tasks as needed

e Reviewed employee enrollments to verify accuracy, inputting all information into company's database.

e Answered employee questions regarding health benefits and 401k options.

e Provided assistance to plan participants by explaining benefits information to ensure educated
selections.

e Communicated effectively via email, phone and face-to-face with plan participants to resolve issues
pertaining to health and welfare benefits.

Bachelor of Science
State University of New York College At Plattsburg, Plattsburgh, NY

AACSB accredited

Studied Hotel Restaurant Tourism
ACHPHA

Tips Certified

C-Vent Certified

As-ociate of Applied Science | Food And Restaurant Management
Nassau Community College, Garden City, NY

Yer Course Young Judaea, Humanities, Certificate
American Jewish University, Los Angeles, CA (Based In Israel)