JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Business manager with more than 10 years of experience planning and demonstrating how to make the business grow in many population .
Demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. Articulate business driven to succeed.
Strategic planning and client relationship management expert. Experienced accounting manager with excellent client and project management
skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. In all the years I have
been interact with costumers from different cultures. Always try to solve any inconvenience or situations and try to make the costumer happy. In
all the years I have been working with the community as I will mentioned throughout my resume Nd all my skills and experiences, I can
succeed and accomplish many goals in all areas of work and life. Thank you for the opportunity.

SKILLS

¢ Positive e Network development
* Friendly e Account servicing
e Multitask ¢ Lead prospecting
® Organize ¢ Demonstrations
¢ Get along with others e Sales and Marketing
¢ Helpfull e Persuasive communication
e Well oriented e Customer oversight
e Costumer service e Payment processing
e Listening e Leadership
e Fast learner e Client Service
® Quick books © Staff Training
e Accounting e Performance improvement
« Managing e Interpersonal communication skills
e Sales e Fundraising
* Billing * Purchasing
e Electronic repairs © Social Media
e Creative e Product Sales
* Solving ¢ Prospecting Clients
e Marketing e Skin Care
*« Computer e Direct Sales
e Printers ¢ Product demonstrations
e Scanners e Customer satisfaction
« Budgeting © Store opening and closing
e Expense controlling e Sales expertise
e Tax preparation e Inventory Control
e Weekly payroll e Cash Handling
© Receivable * Client Needs Assessment
e Shipping © Store Merchandising
e Cashier e Cash Management
e Advertising e Product Knowledge
* Volunteer e Cash Register Operation
© Multi- task management e Customer Accounts Management
e Drive car automatic but standard can learn ¢ Company Products
e Reporting e Store Management
¢ Microsoft word e Store Operations
* Microsoft excel e Visual Merchandising
e Power point e Sales orientation
e Picture edit © Merchandising
e Video edit e Product recommendations
e Clerical e Approaching buyers
e Assistant * Collecting payments
e Ministry e Loss prevention
e Chaplain © Product and service sales
e Many more and I can learn too * Point of sale knowledge
¢ Problem solving * Organization
¢ Prevent an escalation problem e Customer service
e Team Leadership & Development ¢ Microsoft applications proficiency
* Processes and procedures e Singing
e Apple devices tech repair e Playing piano
¢ Product and service knowledge © Worship group

Work HIsToRy

Consultant , 01/2019 - Current
Yardi— Santa Ana, CA
e Evaluated diverse organizational systems to identify workflow, communication and resource utilization issues.
e Managed revenue models, process flows, operations support and customer engagement strategies
e Great communication and public interaction
* Bilingual speaker, English and spanish
e Reviewed internal systems and organized training plans to address areas in need of improvement.
* Developed service plans in consultation with clients, and performed follow-ups assessing quantity and quality of services.
¢ Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.
¢ Developed comprehensive business cases to analyze costs, benefits, ROI and TCO of proposed solutions.
e Authored detailed work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines.
e Tracked costs and expenses to compare with original budget and identify failure points.
* Supported clients with business analysis, documentation and data modeling.
¢ Developed virtual teams with focus on trust development and extreme programming.
¢ Provided outstanding service to clients to maintain and extend relationship for future business opportunities.
¢ Managed monetary transactions with perfect accuracy, which elevated customer satisfaction ratings.
e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend appropriate solutions.

¢ Took detailed notes and kept records of program and performance progress, education initiatives and leadership.

Supervisor , 11/2018 - 12/2020
Raleigh-Durham Airport Authority — Raleigh, NC

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows to meet any daily
demand.

e Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays due to hazards or inefficient layouts.

e Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes, employee knowledge and
customer demands.

e Enhanced training programs to strengthen employee knowledge and promote new managers from within.

e Train newly hired employees on sales floor recovery, cashier and returns

* Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

¢ Measured effectiveness of customer success by defining operational metrics, tracking systems and reporting to executive team.

* Supported supervisors to enforce new regulations, laws and established policies throughout operational stages.

e Built, managed and coached insourced and outsourced team, implementing training programs to improve efficiency and productivity.

e Set and managed schedules to give proper coverage to required areas and meet customer service demands.

* Monitored workshop work flow for productivity

e Measured team performance and reported metrics to leadership team members.

¢ Interviewed, hired and trained new employees for associate , supervisor position.

¢ Prepared and managed work schedules, vacation and sick time accurately on time basis.

* Oversaw talented team of supervisors ,associates by actively communicating project information, remedying issues and delivering positive
feedback.

e Handled customer complaints, resolved issues and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.

¢ Provided coaching and counseling to employees to encourage professional growth as well as meet short- and long-term goals.

© Helped foster culture of customer centricity by aligning with product, marketing, operations, finance and executive teams to drive
initiatives centered on customer success

® Created efficient work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and keep shifts properly staffed.

¢ Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

e Evaluated employee performance monthly and coached and trained accordingly, increasing quality of work and employee retention.

* Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.

e Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

e Evaluated employees’ strengths and assigned tasks based upon experience and training.

e Repaired cash registers to keep jobs moving smoothly, informing system department of major machinery failures.

Business Owner, 12/2016 - 01/2018
Carenet — Albuquerque, NM
My responsibilities in this job is everything as an owner because I am in charge of opening and closing. I am the one who is in charge of making
orders, receiving, shipping, advertising, marketing, tax preparation, sales, repairs, billing, cashier, inventory, organize, electronics, merchandize,
buyers, sellers, driving, collect, talk, solve, etc...

* Oversaw hiring and recruitment, employee motivation and training.

e Grew customer base, acquiring new customers and identifying needs to deliver relevant products.

* acquiring new customers and identifying needs

* Optimized processes by collaborating with upper management to implement innovative

¢ Networked within the business community, attending events to position the company and drive new business.

¢ Tracked financial data and completed reports detailing key metrics.

e Enhanced customer satisfaction ratings by resolving issues efficiently.

e Performed bi-weekly payroll and coordinated record keeping.

e Evaluated sales and expense records and made proactive adjustments to policies and procedures.

¢ Cultivated and developed portfolio of clientele, securing strong base of loyal business relationships to promote company growth objectives

and consistently attain personal sales goals.

e Partnered with sales representatives during customer consultation to build agency and customer relations.

¢ Provided information on company promotions and specialsto customers.

e Automated office operations, managing client and employee correspondence, scheduling, record tracking and datacommunications.

e Strategized long-term business needs, driving customer feedback for process improvements.

© Delivered productive project management on complex issues.

e Planned, organized, and executed promotional events

IBO, 01/2010 - 06/2011
AMWAY - City, STATE
IN WAS A SALES PERSON DOOR TO DOOR KNOCK
COSTUMER SERVICE
SHIPPING
ORDERS
SALES
e Grew customer base, acquiring new customers and identifying needs to deliver relevant products.
e Strategized long-term business needs, driving customer feedback for process improvements.
e SOLVED
e ADVISED
e CREDIT
e BILLING
e CASHIER
e TRAINED
e FRIENDLY
e ORGANIZED
e ETC...

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 2011

Pacifica High School - Oxnard, CA

During my high school year I was teacher assistant
I volunteer to tutor students

I took drama/ acting

dance

3.6GPA

I got along with others

good grades

GED: 06/2018

CELA INTERNACIONAL UNIVERSITY - Florida

In the field of personal profession I graduated from chaplain a ministry study, which I can go to different places to support spiritual counseling
for families in need. I also attend a church in Oxnard who has been my house for more than 11 years. its a non profit organization helping the
community. I worked with children as teacher and as pastors assistant, I received certification in many studies I took and volunteer in many
radio stations too, as you get to know me you will learn many things I don't describe here.

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Real State course Training - months, still pending
© CPR certified

¢ Food pantry distribution certified

© Ministry certificate courses certified

« Community Service awards

¢ Volunteering and interact with community