PROFILE

WORK
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Liliana Tuman

Phone number: 555-555-5555
Email address: hello@kickresume.com

Creative and detail-oriented Brand Consultant with a proven track record of
extraordinary achievements in increasing the brand awareness and website traffic,
implementing new brand strategies, and performing professional market research.
Possess great communication skills and well-developed time management abilities.
Certified Brand Strategist accustomed to working in fast-paced business
environments.

Brand Consultant

Pendleton, Inc.

Fj 06/2016 - 06/2019 9) ARLINGTON, VA, UNITED STATES

e Identified and communicated with potential clients, monitored media
appearances, and worked on the development and implementation of a new
brand strategy.

e Performed professional market research, monitored and analyzed competitors,
and assisted in the management of multiple promotional activities.

e Interviewed, trained, and coordinated Marketing Interns, developed and
reviewed communication materials, and represented the company at various
events.

¢ Significantly increased the brand awareness and website traffic by 400% in one
year and worked closely with colleagues from other departments.

e Pro-actively participated in weekly team meetings with managers and was
Awarded Employee of the Month twice for performing great work.

Public Relations & Advertising

St. John's University

F09/2012 - 05/2016 GQ NEW YORK CITY, NY, UNITED STATES

GPA: 3.96 (Top 10% of the Program)

The 2015 Academic Excellence Award winner

Clubs and Societies: Business Club, European Society, FinTech Society

IB Diploma Program

British International School of Cracow

F4 09/2010 - 05/2012 G CRACOW, POLAND

Graduated with Distinction (Grade 1 - A/excellent equivalent in all 6 subjects)
The 2012 Best Graduate Award winner

Activities: Debate Club, Golf Club, Political Society

@ LANGUAGES
Polish English Spanish
Native Full Elementary

G) COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office Brand24, Bynder Frontify, Falcon.io

HubSpot Marketing,
ActiveCampaign