EXECUTIVE PROFILE

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

CORE
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION ©

WORK HISTORY

SKILLS ©

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

© As a professional in health care for over 40 years, | have had numerous experiences, clinical and nonclinical,

that would be an asset fo any organization. | have authored numerous policies and procedures and technical
advisor for several books. Working as Paramedic. Nurse, Travel Nurse (ED and Home Health), Manager,
Educator, Consultant, Director, Regulator, and serving on two Board(s) of Directors, | am a people person,
and have developed and managed teams of people and achieved many goals.

« Guest services e Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures e« Cash register operations
« Merchandising expertise e Product promotions

« Readylink Healthcare, Travel Nurse, (2003 and 2005), ED contract- Sarah Bush Lincoln Healthcare,
Mattoon, Illinois.

« ED nurse for a busy central Illinois ED, with significant rural trauma and medical services.

« Agostini and Associates, Travel Nurse (2004)-ED contract-Mercy Merced Medical Center, Merced,
California ED Nurse for a facility serving a highly noncompliant population, resulting in a very high acuity
and census.

« Provena Covenant Medical Center, Resource/ED Nurse, and (2002-2004) - Resource Nurse for the
hospital included: Support services to all hospital departments Performed difficult procedures and skills
throughout the facility, including specialized intravenous lines, such as PICCs, etc.

e« Specializing in the ED ED Staff Nurse.

e St

« Margaret Mercy Hospital(s), Nursing Director (2001-2002) -oversight of operations between two
hospitals, Hospital operations, rotated between a 400 and 200 bed hospital, both with a high census
and acuity EDs, ICUs, CCUs, NICUs, PICUs, and a complete Psychiatric facility.

e« Encountered numerous unique challenges, including the necessity of closing the hospital (bypass) at
times due to census and\or acuity, resolving conflicts, and adequate staffing.

« ED Nurse, Supervisor, ED Registry, (1976 - 1998) Daley's Ambulance\Co*Med Transport, Director of
EMS/Education/Human Resources and National Affairs, (1975 -2001) EMT\Paramedic, then, Director.

« Developed respected personnel, education, public relations, and employee health departments.

e Established prestigious Specialized Critical Care Transport and Nurse Teams.

« Grew company from 150 employees to 1000, and at its peak, 1000 transports per day.

e« Authored numerous policy and procedures for company.

e Established infection control, including the new OSHA regulations.

« Developed several customer service initiatives through various CQI programs using a team approach.

¢ Board of Directors (15 years) for the American Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of Directors for the
National Registry of EMTs.

e« Porter Memorial Hospital, EMS Director\Instructor, (1982 - 1985) Oversight of EMS system(s)
operations, education (ED and EMS), Paramedic and EMT programs, including Popular and unique
continuing education programs.

e« Oversight of system operations.

« Policy and procedures development CQI programs Fire Departments, Crete, Glenwood, and Cornbelt
Fire Departments, (intermittent between 1974 and 2005). Firefighter/Paramedic/Diver Career
Achievements ED\EMS Consultant Technical Advisor for several books by D.B.

e Claire and Diane Claire Authored numerous policies and procedures. including regulations American
Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of Directors National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians
(NREMT) Board of Directors Excellence Award - Walter Schaefer Award, (AAA), 1999.

« Appointed to the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Regional EMS and Trauma Advisory
Committee(s).

« Implemented very successful Special Critical Care Transport and Nurse Teams.

e Pilot project - evaluating the effectiveness of prehospital personnel providing HBV/PPD vaccinations,
with IDPH and the University of Chicago - demonstrated effectiveness.

« Designed and implemented numerous policies and procedures, including, Drug Free Workplace
(challenged successfully several times), and a respected credentialing process for hiring EMS
personnel, even respected by other providers and hospitals.

« Negotiated Rule Making for Medicare (AAA) - resulting in a fair fee schedule with increased
reimbursements for ambulance providers throughout the nation.

CONSULTANT 01/1999 to CURRENT
Deloitte

¢ Operations and systems development.
e OSHA and regulatory issues.

e Startup EMS providers.

e HBV\TB vaccinations.

¢ Staffing, and patient care.

ASOISTANT DIRECTOR 01/2010 to CURRENT
Department Of Defense

e Nursing.

e Provided Home Health to patients, specializing in infusion therapy.

e Supervision of nursing staff.
e Case management.

TROVEL NURSE 04/2014 to 07/2014
Usmm

e Mercy Home Health contract.

e Supervised ancillary staff.

e Provided home health to patients, throughout the Oklahoma City region.

¢ — Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Office of Preparedness and Response, Regional Emergency
Medical Services.

CC DRDINATOR 01/2005 to 01/2009
Viacomcbs Inc.

¢ Working in the regulatory environment, providing oversight for all aspects of Trauma Centers, EMS and
Emergency Department (ED), which included:.

¢ Site visits, investigations, conflict resolution, licensing, inspections, reviewing and approving all aspects
of EMS and ED.

e Disaster Preparedness and Response for Hospitals and EMS.

Masters | Health Administration
Governors State University
Health Administration

Bs] 1 1988
Valparaiso University

Pruirie State College, ADN 1 1978

En 2rgency Medical Technician 11975
Ingalls Memorial Hospital

Pu lications/Contributions Technical Advisor for several books-by D.B. Claire and Diane Claire
Ambulance Industry Journal, AAA The Insider, JEMS Communication Human Resource Manual, AAA
Medicare Documentation Manual, AAA Clinical Standards Manual, AAA Expanded Scope of Practice
Manual, AAA Certifications-current and past Advanced Cardiac Life Support Emergency
Communications RN, Illinois National Incident Management System (NIMS) Basic Trauma Life
Support (BTLS) Pediatric Advanced Life Support Domestic Preparedness Certificate Pediatric
Education for Prehospital Professionals (PEPP) CPR Certification MTl (Management Training
Institute), Texas A & M, AAA Paramedic, 1975 Amateur Radio (Ham Radio) License PADI Open Water
Scuba Certification

Emergency Department

Ambulance, Basic, conflict resolution, CPR, Documentation, Human Resource, Management Training, Office,
Nursing, Publications, Radio, Staffing, Supervision, systems development, Technician