ROBERT SMITH
SAP Consultant

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Management cycles Experience in test scripts execution with solution manager, HPOC, and MS-
Excel Add-ons Experience with Investigative case management, and SAP tax management
solutions.

CORE COMPETENCIES
SAP R/3 4.5b, 4. 6c, 4,7, Microsoft Office,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SAP Consultant
ABC Corporation - August 2014 - December 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Develop eneray infrastructure, operate utilities and provide reiated producis and services to
more than 32 million consumers wordwiie.

» Implemented tor Residential, LOLI, and SCSI tor rate eligibility and rate enrolment with
DMR integration,

« Proposed solution approach for various options for solutions design within timelines and
budget constraints.

* Perlormed BRF+ hands-on configurations for formulas, validation rules, rule sets, and
decision nodes,

» Built rate transition eligibility matrix, demand voliage rate eligibility matrix for rate eligibility
and enrolments,

» Provided solution integration tor rate transitions for residential, LCLI, and SCSI customers,

* Designed functional specitications for campaign management, target group creation and
altripuies maintenance.

SAP Consultant
ABC Corporation - January 2014 - June 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Clark County is a dynamic and innovative organization dedicated to providing top-quality
service with integrity, respect and accountability for the residents of Clark County.

» SAP CRM Customer Interaction Center is an initiative to provide customer service for the
inckdents’service requests that originate from constituents across the county 16 provide
word class customer service,

» Performed hands-on activities for development, contiguration and tailoring, including any
fine tuning required, in conjunction with the Clark County Interaction Center Web client
strategy for customer service.

* Provided adequate deliverable documentation including but not limited to functional, report,
configuration and conversion specifications,

» Configured the Interaction Center Web client using SAP Best Business Practices:

__$——
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘0 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines