JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Professional Treatment Specialist with responsible background in operation, maintenance and repair of wastewater collection and water
treatment and distribution. 9 Years of experience in public utilities with certification in wastewater treatment. Complies with federal and state
safety laws and regulations to support healthy environments. Motivated to continue higher education and improve not only myself but the
ones around me. Always ready to serve the community in which I reside or work, Marble Falls Volunteer of the Year 2015-2016

SKILLS
¢ Client Relationships * Quality Assurance
« Team Leadership & Development e Mathematical Calculation and Reasoning
¢ Processes and procedures e Chemical Analysis
¢ Budgeting /Financial Planning e Sludge Management
¢ Multitasking abilities e Hazardous chemical handling
¢ Goal Setting
Work History

02/2020 to 08/2021 Consultant

07/2017 to Current

Eplus Technology — Oak Brook, IL

* 3Boosted success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring practices,
training programs and management systems.

e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend
appropriate solutions.

e Saved considerable costs by renegotiating outsourcing contracts.

¢ Took detailed notes and kept records of program and performance progress, education initiatives and leadership.

¢ Developed strategic component development plans to support future projects.

© Developed 3 effective improvement plans in 2020.

Wastewater Treatment Plant Lead Operator
Jbs Usa — Mayfield, KY

e Diagnosed and performed minor repairs on laboratory instrumentation and maintained lab and field equipment in
safe. clean and efficient condition.

e Tested wastewater samples and made adjustments to remove harmful bacteria and organism.

¢ Calibrated pH, DO and chlorine meters to support proper working order for daily inspections.

e Trained laboratory and operations personnel in public wastewater system maintenance, analytical procedures and
data reporting.

¢ Drafted reports and maintained logs on meter readings, tests, chemical and equipment usage as required by TCEQ.

e Activated pumps, valves and processing equipment to move wastewater through treatment processes and added
chemicals as needed.

e Maintained public water and wastewater systems using hand tools to repair and adjust equipment and machines.

e Prepared standards and quality control solutions using dilutions, normality, molarity and stoichiometry calculations.

¢ Demonstrated capability for wet chemistry techniques by meeting quality control requirements, laboratory SOP and
client specifications.

* Monitored SCADA system for problems and adjusted controls to maintain efficiency.

e Used hand tools and power tools to maintain, repair and lubricate equipment.

¢ Recorded operational data, personnel attendance or meter and gauge readings on specified forms.

¢ Directed and coordinated plant workers engaged in routine operations and maintenance activities.

© Operated equipment such as front-end loaders, forklifts and belt press regularly.

e Inspected equipment or monitored operating conditions, meters and gauges to determine load requirements and
detect malfunctions.

02/2012 to 03/2017 Field Technician

Sgs Group — Philadelphia, PA

¢ Performed troubleshooting and diagnostics of malfunctioning equipment, machinery, tools and components.

e Assessed operating conditions and adjusted settings to maximize performance and equipment longevity.

e Enacted successful repair to grinder and electrical components by applying technical skills and operations
knowledge.

¢ Performed annual service visits and completed preventive maintenance on systems.

e Discovered and resolved issues that affected project outcomes.

e Installed wastewater mainlines.

© Operation of the sewer jet, vacuum unit, machine to maintain the sanitary sewer collections systems

© Operated plant for septic haulers.

e Adhere to TCEQ regulations

e Perform and repair taps for wastewater customers service.

¢ Troubleshot electrical and mechanical malfunctions including grinder pump replacement, and electrical component
replacement

10/2009 to 06/2011 Assistant Manager

EpucaTIon

08/2020

05/2007

CERTIFICATIONS

Nations Best — Gilmer, TX

¢ Developed loyal and highly satisfied customer base through proactive management of team customer service
strategies.

e Strengthened merchandising and promotional strategies to drive customer engagement and boost sales.

e Verified inventory counts remained within monthly tolerance levels and compiled financial data in compliance with
budget.

¢ Directed merchandising, promotion and brand loyalty efforts for business segment with greatest sales volume.

e Planned team-building exercises to increase employee performance and job satisfaction.

Business Management Accounting Specialist: Business Administration And Management
Central Texas College - Marble Falls, TX

High School Diploma
Borger High School - Borger, TX

Wastewater Treatment Operator Class B
Business Management Accounting Specialist
Water Distribution Class C