Justin Nathan

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

SUMMARY

Offering proven record of success in revamping human resources approaches
to better serve operational objectives and requirements. Data-driven,
hardworking and diligent with adaptable and responsive. Ability to provide
cultural political and economic conditions reports for corporate dissemination.

EXPERIENCE

Business & Logistic Consultant
United Logistics, California - USA

e USAID Camp from August 6, 2019 to December 6, 2019.

e Conducted a Market Study in Saudi Arabia.

e Responsible for connecting CHAMP with the Dubia, Sharjah and Saudi
Arabia through the Air Corridor. Program and trade initiatives and reporting
on the inititiatives.

e Connected Afghan businessmen with Dubai businessmen.

® Connected buyer and sellers if there are enquiries from Afghan exporters

to locate suitable buyer in UAE or the Gulf countries.

Performed background checks on buyers if necessary.

Monitor developments in the gulf region.

Collected weekly market prices of selected products in Dubai.

Market Study on Sharjah as an export destination for Afghan Agriculture

products.

e Finding Market for Afghanistan products in UAE.

e Custom Clearance & Logistics Facilitation Support.

e Identified the regulatory compliance for imports that may cover
documentation, packaging, labeling, Phyto-sanitary standards etc.

e Document Trade corridor Resources, Impediments, and Opportunities.

e Attended seminars and exhibitions.

Aug 2019 - Dec 2019

Business Development Consultant 2014 - Dec 2018

Bran Consultancy Services

e Management of all operational matters including finance, logistics,
procurement etc.

e Overseeing all business contracts and partnerships.

e Representing the company in all related business conferences, events and
exhibitions.

e Identifying business partners and expansion opportunities in Afghanistan.

e Managing media and public relations events of the company.

Secretary General
Gem Business Council

e Managed all operations of the Gem Business Council.

e With several membership campaigns to improve quantitative strength.

e Managed financial issues of Gem Business Council with highly levels of
integrity and transparency.

e Effectively managed VIP protocols.

© Coordinated bilateral and general meetings with varied diplomatic and
foreign offices based in UAE.

e Undertook and business developed relationships and events to provide
investments

e Presented Gem Business Council in various international platforms
including conferences, matchmaking events, exhibitions, promotional and
media events etc.

2007 - Aug 2012

CONTACT

Ma info@resumekraft.com
) 202-555-0120
Q Chicago, Illinois, US

in. linkedin.com/resumekraft

SKILLS

Presentation skills
Time management
Report writing
Strategic change
Policy drafting

International Relations

LANGUAGES

EDUCATION

Masters in Business
Administration

2006

San Jose State University

CERTIFICATION

Certificate in Information
Technology
New York Group

Certification in Mobile
Engineering
New York Group