JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Seasoned enthusiastic Human Resources Specialist with Technical writing and project support experience. Attentive to customer and project
demands. Experience writing on projects with US Navy C4I systems architecture, installation, integration, and testing. Took part in Fleet
Modernization process, participated in meetings with Stakeholders. Experienced in consulting with customers and other stakeholders to gather
requirements, define scopes and set project plans. Capability of managing complex, high-visibility technical projects. Effective at technical
support, inventory management and customer relationship development.

SKILLS
e Risk analysis * Compliance and regulations
« Requirements gathering ¢ Oral and written communication
« Employee management ¢ Mentoring and training
e Process analysis e Schedules and milestones
e Reference research © Operational support
e Report generation * Data analysis
« Documentation review e Technical writing
¢ Documentation and reporting e Timeline management
¢ Technical support e Milestone assessment and achievement
« MS Office proficiency e Excellent problem solving skills
« Grammatical
EXPERIENCE

01/2020 to Current Consultant
Fi Consulting — Arlington, VA
¢ Created user documentation for various materials and developed how-to guides and instruction manuals.
© Produced internal and external documents and systems that met project expectations.
e Edited documents for grammar, clarity, content and formatting.
¢ Worked with internal team to obtain in-depth understanding of products.
¢ Updated instruction booklets and publications.

05/2018 to 01/2020 Analyst
Barclays Bank — Wilmington, NC
¢ Completed writing assignments according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style and
terminology.

¢ Created user documentation for various materials, including how-to guides and instruction manuals.

e¢ Comprehended new content functionality through research, testing and interviewing.

¢ Worked with internal team to obtain in-depth understanding of products. Had peer review meetings, collected input
from participants, and incorporated the changes to program documents such as design documentation, engineering
analysis, technical research papers, and performance charts.
Collaborated with specialists in other disciplines, including engineers, product management, instructional design
and support in development of internal and external user manuals

© Delivered exemplary customer service and support by remaining poised in most stressful situations.

e Wrote agendas and notes and sent out automatic notifications for upcoming meetings.

¢ Completed quality assurance reviews to assess accuracy of data and validate results.

¢ Kept project teams on-task with proactive control of budgets, schedules and scopes.

e Maintained close connection with project personnel to quickly identify and resolve problems.

Updated IMS, PSR and Risk Management reports to manage project data and keep leadership informed of
progress.

Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) Reviewer (prior PM task) - updating the schedule, the slides and attending the
monthly meetings to brief the schedule. Projecting possible changes based on shipping, equipment, personnel and
resources

¢ Produced status reports for customers and senior management.

Completed thorough risk assessments and deployed management and response strategies to prevent roadblocks.
e Procured software, hardware and infrastructure required to meet program demands.

Identified, addressed and either resolved or escalated project issues.

Updated project plans based on changing objectives, specifications and staff availability. creating new or modify
existing documents, processes, workflows, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to meet Program
requirements and process improvement initiatives

e Quality Assurance representative — I oversee all documentation, requests and purchases that circulate throughout
this project. I ensure that documentation is completed: I verify the proper individuals are contacted for requests

from computer assistance to equipment shipment information.

07/2007 to 04/2018 Human Resources Manager
Calumet Specialty Products — Cotton Valley, LA

¢ Diminished regulatory risks by managing random monthly drug testing for employees to ensure compliance
adherence.

¢ Built consensus and job satisfaction between management and front-line employees to enhance operations and
promote growth.

e Reduced accidents in workplace by being proactive with prevention by implementing safety policies and
procedures.

e Facilitated new hire on-boarding program by scheduling training initiatives, resolving issues and processing
paperwork.

¢ Instructed employees quarterly on drug abuse and prevention programs to enhance staff knowledge and awareness.

¢ Compiled data for awards, evaluations and manning to disseminate to senior leaders and management team.

¢ Mentored junior employees by delivering insight, positive feedback and constructive criticism through counseling
formally and informally.

e Planned business trips through the defense travel system foreign and domestic (Booking flights and lodging.

© Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all section inventory.

¢ Coordinated celebratory events to build morale and camaraderie through fun activities.

e Wrote agendas and notes and sent out automatic notifications for upcoming meetings managing Senior calendar
through outlook calendar share.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

02/2021 Bachelor of Science: Business Administration
California College-San Diego - San Diego, CA

08/2019 Associate of Science: Business Administration And Accounting
California College of San Diego - San Diego, CA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Documentation
Wrote and edited documents to keep staff informed on policies and procedures.
e Awarded COL Robert L. Manning Medal for stellar contributions to the Adjutant General Corps Regimental Association.
e Graduated with honors (Cum Laude 2019).
¢ Received International Six Sigma Green Belt 201609.
¢ Received International Six Sigma Black Belt 201903.
¢ Received International Six Sigma Master Black Belt 201903.