JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dynamic, innovative and visionary leader equipped with a wealth of experience in achieving operational success. Possessing an ability to
implement effective change while meeting the demands of a fluctuating economy and business enterprise. A master at capitalizing on new
growth opportunities outfitted with a progressive aptitude for business process mapping, organizational change management, strategic
planning and compliance. A servant leader who elects to lead by example while leveraging an adaptive leadership style that cultivates growth
within the people I serve. Acting as a major contributor and driver of revenue within various organizations. Skilled in people development,
with a passion for conceptualizing startegic direction and developing tactical business plans to increase profitability.

SKILLS
* Operations Leadership e¢ Change Management
« Supply Chain & Logistics « Acquisition
e KPI Management e Growth Initiatives
« Integrations e Presentations
« SOP's e Analyzing Data
« Continuous Improvement e Capital Expenditures
e Risk Mitigation e Reporting
e P&L © Operational Performance
¢ Board Relations e Financial Management
« Governance e Project Management
¢ Revenue Generation * Controls
¢ Customer Service e Fast Paced Environments
« Restructuring e Crisis Management
¢ Policies & Procedures e Negotiations
EXPERIENCE

02/2022 to Current Consultant
Fotheringill & Wade Lic — Plano, TX
e Researched and analyzed operations to ascertain detailed client needs.
e Furnished custom-tailored advisory services to boost performance, hiring practices and management systems.
e Broadened improvement initiatives by troubleshooting problems and recommending corrective actions.
e Assisted senior management in negotiating and renegotiating contracts to improve cost savings.
e Analyzed cost and expense to measure against original budget with adjustments to align operations with fiscal
goals.

12/2013 to 02/2022 Regional Fleet Manager
Amazon.Com, Inc. — Elmsford, NY

e Governed a fleet of over 10,000 assets while steering the daily operations of business across continental United
States.

© Controlled regional P&L's and effectively identified, developed and executed KPI's.

e Manage various RFQ proposals and oversee numerous 350 million dollar+ fleet purchases.

e Established annual goals for our team and myself, execute them with precision.

e Assembled and led cross-functional teams across multiple business units while they performed in high stakes
environments under extreme pressure.

© Cultivated working relationships with vendors and third party support for current and future work related needs
across multiple geographical regions with OEM & local support representatives concurrently.

e Oversee repair and maintenance schedules and keep inline with OEM warranty.

e Manage end of life cycle process with greatest return of asset.

e Synchronized internal company owned fuel and wash stations, maintaining all federal and state regulations.

Manager of fleet operations of 3500 company owned assets, 2,100 rental assets as well as 2,500 company
personnel and over 1,500 sub contractors on 1.5 Billion dollar project in South Texas.

e Implement and test fleet enterprise system, incorporate records and warranty information.

e Governed various projects with OEM manufactures such as Ford, John Deere and Komatsu for quality control.

® Manage all aspects of compliance including telematics and DOT.

e Read every single invoice.

12/2012 to 12/2013 Branch Manager
Graybar Electric Company, Inc. — Raleigh, NC
e Tumed around under performing segment of Deere COnstruction dealership in South TExas.
e Developed, maintained and grew parts, service, rentals and sales departments.
© Double nearly all departments with manpower and triple store profits in less than 6 months.
¢ Coordinated special update and conversion projects and monitored key performance metrics.
e Built strong rapport with new and existing clients to better serve financial needs and promote branch loyalty.
e Evaluated historical, current and forecast data to determine opportunities for development and enhancement.
e Enhanced financial performance metrics by networking to create successful and sustainable relationships.

01/2011 to 11/2012 Store Manager
Natural Pawz — Cambridge, MA
e Revitalized under performing business in the heart of the cow belt.
¢ Delivered excellent customer service and adhered to standard practices to maximize sales and minimize shrinkage.
¢ Captured new business markets with increased advertising and excellent customer service initiatives.
e Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.
e Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.
e Strengthened workflow productivity by hiring, managing and developing top talent.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Arts
University of Houston - Victoria - Victoria, TX

Bachelor of Science
Texas A&M University - College Station, TX

Associate of Arts
Alvin Community College - Alvin, TX

Master of Arts
University of Houston - Victoria - Victoria, TX
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ 2017 Association of Equipment Management Professionals "Fleet Master- Large Fleet" recipient
e 2017 Construction Equipment Magazine Top 40 Under 40 Equipment Manager

AcTIVITIES AND Honors

e United Braford Breeders Elected Board Member 2020 to Present
e President of the United Braford Breeders 2022-2023
© CEO of the Texas Braford Breeders Association

CERTIFICATIONS

© Certified Equipment Manager 2016- Association of Equipment Management Professionals