JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd, City, State 00000
H: 222-222-2222 ¢ W: 222-222-2222 ¢ M: 222-222-2222 « email@address.com

TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANT

Business-savvy professional with success in delivering technology that addresses business challenges and improves

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS AREAS
« Process Engineering and Design « Data Movement (ETL) « Standardized Procedures
« Database Architecture Design « IT Solutions Development «+ Testing and Deployment
« Software Development Life Cycle + Compliance Requirements + Proposal Development
« Team Leadership and Supervision «© Coaching and Training « Business Presentations
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Applications: Adobe LiveCycle, Hyperion Essbase, MS SharePomt
Meeting Suites: MS Office (Including Access and InfoPath), Open Office, Lotus123
Languages: Visual Basic, C, SQL, VB for Access (VBA), Assembly
Web: HTML, JavaScript, Flash, ASP NET, PHP, Dreamweaver
Databases: MS Access, MS SQL (ODBC), MySQL, DB2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Company Name Date

Heid multiple positions of increasing responsibility and technical scope for this leader in payment and information
systems. Specializing in; currency services, information management and delivery services, remittance services and
cheque services.

DEVELOPER CONSULTANT

Led major technology initiatives through design, project management, programming, testing, training,
implementation, and maintenance.
> seca conatorglonncabirmar goal and client commitment through the development and i

new program, a technology driven client response platform. Geico scnten vege tener ei cee
internal resources, and management Developed an in-house software solution using dynamic content in a
format that proved to be cutting edge and scalable despite a lack of funding and technical resources. The
solution involved changes in processes, roles, responsibilities, and other resources. Achieved the primary
goals of improved turnaround, accuracy of business requirements, structured process, and appropriate

. Created a maintenance process to ensure the solution continued to evolve with new business
Reviewed control forms across company for certification. Developed proper inventory system for forms
management.
Created document management system. Consulted with all levels of management and staff to understand
and provide solutions for internal administration needs. Built site standards to ensure the integrity, stability,
and security of data.

Page 1 of 2