IT CONSULTANT

JACK SOCK

& 00 " Experienced in IT Security and Network Professional with wide-range experience maintaining

sass i networks, applications, operating systems and providing technical support, would like to continue
£3 email@email.com a careerin IT Security and Network Administration, continuously improving his skills and
knowledge. Sharp problem solver, continuously looking for effective solutions to complex
problems with great troubleshooting skills.

SKILLS

WORK EXPERIENCE

2014-08 - IT Consultant
Present Intel

* Improving the structure and efficiency of IT systems in various
organizations to improve productivity and reduce costs through the
optimized use of technology.

* Providing strategic guidance to clients with regard to technology.

* [fT infrastructures and enabling major business processes through
enhancements to IT.

Vendor Management * Providing guidance during selection and procurement.
Effective Wr dlls * Providing highly expert technical assistance.
Busin ce

2011-05 - IT Applications Specialist

2014-07 Hewlett-Packard

* Handled ERP implementation and administration activities.

* Developed and maintained applications using the latest programming
techniques.

* Designed applications and integration interface based on best practices
and vendors’ recommendation.

* Performed necessary R&D to identify the right technologies for supporting
Company business.

* Scoped, planned, and executed IT projects according to standard
Application Lifecycle methodologies.

* Produced and updated documentation for!T projects and governance,

* Provided continuous improvements to existing IT landscape and
application framework.

¥ pilatorms
orkflow

with automation

2007-04 - Network Administrator
2011-04 IBM
* Internet Service Provider network administration - Network and security
and deliver a quality implementation.
on * Maintainance and upgrade - Provided technical support for customers.

nternal business

EDUCATION

ant Lifet NET PHP 2007 Bachelor of Science
it-End, Back-End)} Hardvard Unversity