PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

© AUDIT DIRECTOR Extensive experience in developing and redesigning internal audit departments,

domestically and internationally in 19 countries. Results include upgraded internal controls, effective SOX 404
management, strong compliance management and an increase in organizational focus on solid internal
controls and risks and Best Practices. Enjoy directing Internal Audit as a personal passion. Strengths include:
Extensive Executive Skills Designer of Audit Programs SEC Compliance Strong Analytical Skills Focus on
Ethics Management Prioritize Audits Interact with Auditees Manage all Types of Audits Pride in Service

SAP. Microsoft Office Suite: MS Word, MS Excel, MS
PowerPoint and MS Outlook, Navision and a variety of
other corporate specific finance and accounting
software involving IBM, HP and Dell operations

CONSULTANT 2009
Certara Inc. | Cambridge, MA

e Provider of internal audit and internal control consulting services to customers across the U_S.
e and Canada.

e Focus on privately held firms that do not have Internal Audit Departments.

e Emphasize quality and creative service.

DICECTOR OF INTERNAL AUDIT 01/2008 to 01/2009
Liberty Tax Service | Oak Ridge, TN

e Fourth largest producer of carbonated beverages in U.S.

e with sales of S600M.

e Reported to Board of Directors and Senior Vice President.

e Managed Internal Audit Department and conducted financial, compliance and operational audits.
« Developed and monitored internal controls across the firm.

e Developed new audit programs and policies and procedures which improved internal controls.

e Prepared and managed performance measures for Company&risqué:s sites.

e Interpreted operating results.

e Left as the result of a corporate restructuring that affected Internal Audit.

DISECTOR OF INTERNAL AUDIT 2006 to 2008
American Modern Insurance Group | Brooklyn, NY

e Large privately-owned installer of residential and commercial insulation with sales of $500M.

e Managed department and conducted annual and quarterly risk reviews and audits.

e Directed and conducted internal audits at 61 locations and corporate headquarters functions.

e Developed new audit report practices and added new positive practices and a Best Practices section to
each audit report.

e Audited businesses and updated financial reporting when possible.

¢ Reported audit findings to Board.

e Departed due to United Subcontractors filing Chapter 11 bankruptcy and elimination of Internal Audit.

M.NAGER OF INTERNAL AUDIT 01/2004 to 01/2006
Imt Insurance | Galena, IL

e Global developer and manufacturer of tool solutions with sales of $3B.

e Managed Internal Audit.

e Reviewed Sarbanes Oxley 404 and served as Sarbanes Oxley liaison to all auditees.

e Redesigned risk reviews and developed new audit schedules that suited the revised corporate risk
profile.

e Developed financial solutions to business challenges.

e Created new office environment without expense.

e Left as the result of Snap-On issuing a 100% outsourcing to a Big 4 firm and loss of jobs for 10
employees.

M.NAGER OF INTERNAL AUDIT 01/2003 to 01/2004
Imt Insurance | Omaha, NE

e Manufacturer of paper products with sales of $1B.

e Managed internal audits at all U.S.

e plants and corporate headquarters.

e Redesigned audit reports which provided more clarification of controls, issues and resolutions.

e Conducted audits with Sarbanes Oxley 404 reporting in mind.

e Improved record keeping and record storage.

e Departure allowed me to find an audit position that was closer to my ill Father who lived near Chicago.

SEQIOR INTERNAL AUDITOR 01/1996 to 01/2003
American Modern Insurance Group | Buffalo, NY

e World&risqué:s largest producer of sodium silicate and highway glass spheres.

e Privately held since 1831.

e 600M in sales.

e Completed development of a new Internal Audit Department that provided PQ with a well-functioning
operation.

e Managed Audit Department and conducted audits at 19 foreign subsidiaries and 21 U.S.

e plants.

e Conducted foreign audits that met all local and international accounting requirements and laws.

e Assigned risk levels to all locations.

e Worked to implement all SAP computer options as PQ eliminated over 40 self-made computer systems.

e Served as key SAP liaison with auditees as Company successfully implemented SAP across the U.S.

e Redesigned audit reporting practices and introduced modern internal auditing to a1! 19 foreign
locations.

e Left due to outsourcing 100% to a large regional accounting firm.

Masters of Business Administration (MBA) | Finance
University of North Texas, Denton, TX

GPA: Graduated with Honors

Finance Graduated with Honors

Ba helors of Business Administration (BBA) | Finance
University of Illinois, Urbana, IL
Finance

Ce_tified Internal Auditor (CIA), 1994, up to date certification Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), in
process

Member, Institute of Internal Auditors, 26 years and President of the Philadelphia Chapter. Board of
Governors Member at the Philadelphia and Miami Chapters Chair of two Committees of the Philadelphia
Chapter, 11 years Big Brother and Board Member with Big Brothers / Big Sisters, 10 years Treasurer and
Board Member, English-Speaking Union, 12 years Member and officer; Rotary International; 2 years
MILITARY U.S. AIR FORCE, Strategic Air Command, Finance Department Carswell Air Force Base, Fort
Worth, TX Managed 7th Air Wing financial and accounting functions

accounting, accounting software, audit reports, audit report, audit reporting, consulting, Dell, filing, finance,
financial, financial reporting, Focus, HP. IBM, insulation, internal audits, Internal Auditor, Internal Audit, internal
auditing, MS Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, office, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint, MS Word, Navision, developer,
policies, PQ, producer, quality, record keeping, reporting, sales, SAP. Sarbanes Oxley