SUMMARY

EXPERIENCE

SKILLS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« 14+ years of fechnology services experience including global clients like Westpac, GE, Suncorp, AIB
and NAB.

« Leading release change team for Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne & Bank SA catering to more
than 5000+ bankers & brokers on the system.

« Extensive understanding of Oracle Banking Application and third-party integrations Worked as the
technical architect for GE OHR development team with a client-facing role for effort estimation of new
projects, delivery and RTS changes.

« Defined DevOps setup for SOA-based integration and WebApp projects. Designed automated code
compliance process for SOA and ADF projects.

« Extensive experience in Oracle Fusion Middleware platforms including Oracle ADF, SOA, OSB, Cloud
technologies and JAVA applications including Hibernate Framework, Java Design patterns, SOA, HTML,
JavaScript, JSON, XML, Oracle 10g, WebLogic, SVN. Log4J, ANT, OID, OAAM, BIP and PL/SQL

« Extensively worked on integration with Oracle Access Manager, NetlQ, Oracle Directory Server (LDAP),
WebLogic Credential Store, JAZN security policies Designed WebLogic monitoring framework and
migration strategy using WLST, ADF, and JAVA.

« Accomplishments in creative problem-solving and cost-effective improvements in process and quality.

e Effective communication and interpersonal skills with a proven ability to mentor and lead by example

« Experience in the Banking and Financial sector which includes Loan process, Internet and Mobile
Banking, Loan Account Opening, Repayment, Settlement Pay-out, Partial Payoff, Redraw, EFS, etc.

CONSULTANT 10/2020 to CURRENT
Parametric Technology Corporation | Alpharetta, GA

- Formulated and define systems scope and objectives for complex high-impact application enhancements
and problem resolution through in-depth analysis and evaluation of complex business processes, systems,
and industry standards: documents requirements.

- Researched relevant technical requirements and ensured that deliverables meet these requirements

+ Built full-stack solutions using Oracle Middleware services, DB, Web Services, and User interface.

« Identified risks. vulnerabilities, and security issues: communicated impact: proposed risk mitigation options.
+ Solved complex customer issues using methodical troubleshooting based on expert knowledge of OBP
applications. functionality, and technology

+ Provided expertise in the area and an advanced level of understanding of the principles of application
development.

« Resolve programming issues by applying problem-solving skills.

« Embedded and improved an agile and continuous delivery way of working.

- Worked closely with Product Owners, Business Analysts, and Systems Analysts to determine and document
systems impacts and support requirements

- Extensively worked to move legacy applications and services to Cloud using Amazon Web Services,
Teradata, Azure & Cloud technologies

+ Set the standard for effective documentation and communication of knowledge, systems, and processes.

SCOTWARE DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE MANAGER 11/2018 to 10/2020
Aetna Inc. | Mesa, AZ

e Worked for Westpac project in CSH OBP Release Change (Development Team) as Onshore Manager
catering to 5000+ bankers & brokers on the system. Extensive understanding of Oracle Banking
Application including third-party integrations

e Driven team towards self-sufficiency from ground zero to current state wherein more than 90% of the
development work is carried through Agile Methodology and completed in due time

e Ensured consistent MTTR for complex issue resolutions below 1.5days (Group Tech SLA being 7 days
and Buss SLA being 2 days)

e Technical lead for Westpac development team with a client-facing role for estimation, RTS changes.
deliverables, and project risk-management using agile best practices.

e Provided thought leadership and championship in process improvement to automate, standardize, and
document app development tasks

e Developed health monitoring alerts and dashboards on AppDynamics, Splunk & Aternity for proactive
monitoring and assessment & prioritization

e Maintained effective relationships with core and extended program team members, peers, senior
stakeholders, and business managers

SCC'TWARE DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE MANAGER 04/2015 to 11/2018
General Electric | City, STATE

e Worked as Technical Architect (& Project Lead) for GE OHR development team in a multi-vendor agile
development environment.

e Conducted deep dive architectural review of critical HR Data Management application and worked
towards short-long term improvement of application thereby improving performance by 30%

e Worked on multiple quarterly/monthly releases as part of engagement and delivered on various
complex use cases.

e Worked closely with the client's Security compliance team to achieve adherence to ISO Principles and
guidelines.

e Collaborated with Principal Architects to ensure ADF application and architecture alignment with high-
quality output conforming to corporate IT standards and roadmaps.

e Lead a team of developers and technical leads across multiple vendors being a single point of contact
for client

e Designed automated code compliance process for ADF and SOA projects.

e Designed WebLogic monitoring framework and migration strategy using WLST, ADF, and JAVA.

e Designed Jenkins pipelines for continuous integration and DevOps for SOA and OSB.

SEQIOR APPLICATION DEVELOPER 11/2008 to 04/2015
Oracle Financial Services Software Limited | City, STATE

e Worked on In-house Banking Product “Oracle Banking Platform” for releases developed and
implemented across the globe for NAB. Suncorp, AIB & U-Bank

e Oracle Banking Platform Product Releases (Nov 08 — Apr 15)

Was part of OBP Product development during this timeframe. Worked for the most part in the Loans,
Origination & Content module. Worked in the delivery of features like Account Configuration, Settlement
Pay-out, Loan Serve, Repayment, Partial Payoff, Redraw, EFS, etc.

e OBP Version 4.0 (R2.3): Worked on Internal Refinance functionality across account configuration &
settlement pay-out, any-day reversal and major UX changes across the board were the highlight of this
release

e OBP Version 3.0 (R2.2): Back-Dated transaction support as required for Suncorp bank. Developed
Manage Loan Account (Loan Serve) which had the entire loan transactions clubbed into one screen
with the handling of authorization & security configured in it.

e OBP Version 2.0 (R2B): Involved in the development of a fully functional loan module integrated with
Origination, e-pricing, LCM, Collections, Asset Classification, and other modules. Designed approach
for Complex loan use cases such as integration with Interest module, schedule generation, and
calculation, overdraft to term loan creation, arrears and appropriations, settlement pay-out, etc.
Designed & developed whole account creation flow (very Complex) and disbursement flow using Oracle
ADF.

e OBP Version 2.0 (R2A): This release involved the addition of CASA, TD modules, and some new
features in the Loans Module-specific to NAB. Integration of inter-module communication. Involved in
Integration with other modules like Content, Pricing. Interest and accounting, Settlement, Demand
deposits, etc. Designed various Task flows, Templates & Declarative Components in Oracle ADF.

e OBP Version 1.0 (R1): This release involved Further customization of 3.2 Flex Cube to 4.0 (Loans
Module) and some new development specific to NAB. Developed API for Redraw and repayment
transactions. Developed the UI for both. Exposure to Oracle's ADF framework. Created various Junit
test cases.

e Oracle FlexCube 3.2 (AIB): The business logic of the previously present lending module was procedure
based. The team worked to rewrite the business logic in JAVA, using hibernate. This change
transformed the module into an easily maintainable, database-independent, and less complicated
design. This involved integration of newly reengineered loan modules with already existing products.

Jackbeatch/Shell Scripts WebSphereJDeveloper e Oracle ADF, Service Oriented Architecture,

e Java & J2EE Component Technologies Java Oracle Service Bus & Cloud technologies
(J2SE) & Hibernate Framework, Java Design e Web Technologies HTML, Java Script, JSON,
patterns XML, Angular JS. HTML5, Jackbe Presto, CSS3

e Front End (UI Development) & Middleware
Services

e Multiple Leading Change Awards for FY21/22, Westpac Bank

e Consecutive Performing Awards for FY20/21/22, Westpac Bank

e “FY19 Q2 Accenture Celebrates Excellence” award for outstanding performance

e Consecutive 'Distinctive Achievement' recognition, Accenture (General Electric) for Nov2016, Nov2017
e Received multiple client appreciations from Westpac End

e “Extra Miler’ Award, Accenture (GE)—June 2017

e Awarded with ‘Automation and Innovation Expert' for June2017-18 by Accenture.

e Oracle SOA Suite 11g Certified Implementation Specialist Certification
e Oracle ADF 11g Certified Implementation Specialist Certification

e Oracle OSB 11g Certified Implementation Specialist Certification

e Process: Agile Delivery Foundation

e Sun Certified Java Developer Certification (SCJP)

e ITIL Foundation Certification

Bachelor of Engineering | Electronics And Tele-Communication 05/2008
RTMNU University, India

Hig.n School Diploma 04/2004
Kendriya Vidyalaya No.1, Bhopal, India

Se ondary School Certificate 04/2002
Bishop Cotton School, Nagpur, India

English: Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Marathi:

Negotiated:

e Marital Status - Married

e Date of Birth - 26th May 1986

e Nationality : Indian

e Passport - R7033842

e Visa: Bridging Visa A For Skilled Nominated 190 Visa (as application is in progress - invite received)