Functional Consultant EDGR: 229) 45800 99
Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Hands-on experience in creating Master Data like ltems, Commodity, Locations, Service Provider,
ete. Efficient In understanding the functionality and business flow of the systern. Excellent Inter
personal skills, problem-solving skills, and a positive attitude.

Skills

HTML5, CSS3, HTML, CSS, Javascript JQuery, Bootstrap, AEM, Photoshop, User Experience Design
Work Experience

Functional Consultant
ABC Corporation - july 2006 - June 2008
* Prepared functional design specifications.
» Worked with the technical team (ABAP) to communicate business scenarios and ensure
cornpliance standards are adhered to.
Developed test cases for various business scenarios.
Involved in the development, testing, and delivery of objects that were identified for the
rollouts.
* Coordinated with other functional consultants to resolve cross-module issues,
* Provided regular status updates to the project manager.
* Acquired ABAP knowledge and worked with various ABAP/4 reports as per client requirements.

Functional Consultant
ABC Corporation - 2003 - 2006
Recommend and influence best practice solutions when it cames to business process
Improvement and application design.
» Analyze customization and facilitate fit/gap analysis.
* Document functional Use Test Cases &arnp; Scripts.
* Facilitates communication between customers, SMEs and technical tearn members.
* This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
* This is Durnrny Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
* This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

Education

Bachelor of Enginerring in Industrial Production - 2002 (National Institute of Technology (forrnerly
Regional Engineering College) - Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil Nadu)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines