Parnab Nandy +91 8961414026 - parmabnandyd@gmail.com
Kotkata 700126

(BW Consultant)

© 27 years of IF Experience at Maventic Innovative Solutions Pvt, Ltd. (Current Company) including: -
© Developement, Support experience in SAP BW 7.4/7.5 on HANA, BW 4/HANA.
© Development, Support experience in HANA,
© Development, Support experience in SAP BO 4.1.

Key Result Areas:
© Designed, developed SAP IW, BO reports and HANA calculation view according to the needs of Business and Top
Management,

SAP BI SIOLES
‘SAP BW Skills:
© Worked on BW Modelling as required for Business logics in DW 7.4/7.5 on HANA and GW 4/HANA.
© Hands-on experience in Data Modelling, Data Extraction, Data Loading (Full/Detta upload), Scheduling and
Monitoring the Process Chains.
© Created customined Info Object, info Sources and customized Reports, using Business Explocer (BEx) to give
Getaited tevets of information trom queries based on O05 and info cube,
© Developed data loading strategies for master data, transactional data and delta uploads.
© Created process chains for data loading, delta uploading and periodical PSA deletion,
© Involved in validated data consistency in reporting with data targets against PSA after loading them to data

targets,

© «Regular inhouse activities tke data cleaning, performance related activities,

© Extensively worked on Query Designer using Restricted Key Figures, Cakulated Key Figures, Variables, filters
and exceptions.

© Abel to write HANA Exit, Customer Exit, End routine, Start routine and Expert routine code in HANA and
ABAP.

© = Involved extensively in transporting various AW objects into different instances,

© Stantaend Datasiource enhancement by BADI in ECC Sytem,

®@ Datasource activation, Custom Datasource creation in ECC and replication in BW System.

BO Skills:
Development: -
© Experience in build and design of WEBI reports and Scheduling/Publications,
© Built and designed the dashboards in SAC Analytics Application/Story.
© Derigned and modified the WEBI reports as per requieements.

Administrations: -

© Experience in scheduling of WER! and pubScations to business to different destinations

© Experience in transport of reports/davhboards through promotion management.
HANA Skills:

Experience in build and design Package, Calculation View, Attribute View.

i
|

Experience in build and design mapping, field selection, renaming, flag, transparent filter.