PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

« Results Driven Executive operating in the financial industry with proven record of outperforming
performance goals, expanding and growing revenues by resurrecting large financial centers from
bottom rankings to top, award winning rankings.

« Expertin Risk Management turning around corporate cultures to include building strong client
relationships and optimizing employee performance to ensure high performing financial operations with
precise business operations aligning with organization's mission, vision and values.

« Passionate and Highly Educated Performer ambitious to not only attack but solve problems with
impactful solutions in a team based environment that drives company profitability and successes.

e Financial Analysis e Equity Analyst

e Financial Reporting e International Business

e Business Operations * Performance Management

e Strategy Planning e Key Performance Indicators, KPIs

« Corporate Finance

CONSULTANT 09/2016 to CURRENT
Ascensus | Newark, NJ

e Resurrect distressed financial conditions and business strategy by realigning and auditing financial
statements in accordance with GAAP.

e Responsible for erecting and managing budgets resulting in an expense reduction of over 70%.

e Ensure adherence to and management of policy and procedures, reversing consecutive years of
financial decline resulting in net income and equity increases of over 100% in less than 1.5 years.

e Analyze and customize various financial reports, while managing technology rollouts and support.

ViC= PRESIDENT, BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND MARKET MANAGER 12/2013 to 05/2015
Waggener Edstrom | Boston, MA

e Led and advised market financial operations and risk framework, managing vast array of financial
reporting, internal control management, and performance management strategy, stimulating revenue
growth for a $2.5 billion+ retail and business operation (24,000 weekly retail and business interactions
and 35 financial centers in one of the largest and most culturally diverse markets in the Washington,
D.C. area).

e Created and fortified efforts that generated $45 million in quarterly net profit finishing as #1 market in
financial product offerings, meeting 201% of home loan goal and 108% of non-home loan goal.

e Rolled out new financial management dashboard technologies driving immediate and long-term revenue
and profit growth, and enhanced client satisfaction and convenience.

e Managed day-to-day talent, financial and HR processes through risk assessments and KPIs,
anticipating bottlenecks and implementing escalation management processes.

e As Talent Coach, Change Manager, and Chief Strategist, managed day-to-day talent, financial and HR
processes through risk assessments and KPIs, anticipating bottlenecks and implementing escalation
management processes.

e Collaborated across all functional areas, continually improving upon operations, strategic planning, HR,
and financial infrastructure, supporting dynamic teams and programs.

SEQIOR VICE PRESIDENT 01/2007 to 01/2012
Brand And Communications Strategy BB&T - Now Trust Financial Corporation | City, STATE

e Customized, measured via KPls and managed corporate marketing. communication and advertising
campaigns as Brand Ambassador and Project Manager (13 regions/business units in 7 states).

e Created analytical tool to evaluate sponsorships and marketing proposals and engineered move of
advertising function in house resulting slashing hundreds of thousands in internal costs, delivered over
49% internal rate of return and over 30% new account (most profitable) opening increase in less than
six months.

e Steered targeted communications and brand strategy to penetrate assigned communities while
maintaining brand consistency and legal compliance.

e Set direction for regional marketing budgets and clarified internal rate of return to elevate tracking of
advertising dollars.

e Selected by executive management into bank-wide Women's Resource Group with focus on diversifying
revenue streams through diverse hiring initiatives.

e Chosen to create a proposal for a diversity of emerging markets focal point.

e Result presented to the CMO completed proposal Asian American culture to promote forward-thinking in
the organization and diversifying markets.

e Asian American for Emerging Markets Group: (Presented to CMO included in multi-cultural strategy and
focused division on multi-million-dollar market).

SFCVICE PRESIDENT, REG BANKING AND BUDGET MANAGER 01/2001 to 03/2007
Trust Financial Corporation | City, STATE

e Integrated and managed two billion-dollar regions (65+ financial centers, over 500 employees, $400
Million+ loan and $2 Billion+ deposit portfolio) while reporting to the Regional President.

e Rebuilt an oppositionist and complex regional culture, enhancing diversity, inclusion, and performance
management.

e Analyzed and managed many facets of financial reporting and advised executive management on
financial decisions affecting the organization's future.

e Created and defended contentious call regarding interest-only loans and guided regional lending
process during financial crisis, resulting in annual increases of 26.5% in net income, 150% in net “new”
core accounts and 650% in loan pipelines.

e As Talent Manager, collaborated across the organization to implement a comprehensive HR strategy
and ensure efficient recruiting, development, and retention of a diverse talent pipeline: ensured talent's
full authentic selves were brought to the organization, tapping into power they brought to the mission.

e Authored “Strategic Coaching Scorecard” and Net Income Per Employee Report (KPI) which led to
“Most Improved Region” (of 32 regions) in first year of merger (setting the stage for
President’s Award) and 325 committed credit lines ($3.1 million dollars) in a two-hour period.

e As the Chief Strategist to the Regional President, generated $10K fee based revenue per
employee, 49% net income, 43% ROE, and 50% product penetration increases within first year
of merger

*« Accomplished #1 region in Overall Client Service & #1 region in Net New Household Growth
(of 32 regions)

* Achieved Highest Mortgage Client Service scores in the entire bank while also retaining the
greatest number of client accounts in bank history during a merger.

e Formulated “Employee Coaching and Leadership Assessment KP! Matrix,” enhancing performance
metrics and an analytical culture used to make business decisions which maximized return on equity
and assets.

Intensive Language Immersion Program (Mandarin Chinese) | Mandarin Chinese Language 08/2012
And Culture

Beijing Normal University/East China Normal Univ, Beijing And Shanghai, China

Mister of International Policy And Practice | East Asian Economies 05/2011
George Washington University, Washington, DC
International Economic Policy Research Fellow

MLA | Corporate Finance
Emory University, Atlanta, GA

South African International Business Leadership Module
Robert Toigo Fellowship Recipient

B.©| Finance
University of NC, Wilmington, NC
Beta Gamma Sigma, Dean's List, Student of the Year

© AWARDS/VOLUNTEERISM

« Top Five in Profitability Bank-wide

« Consecutive years President's Awards, Sterling Performer, Million Dollar Producer

« Speaking Panels: George Washington and Georgetown University (Banking and Asian economy
themes)

« Current co-manager of multi-million dollar trust consisting of equities and bonds