JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

CoRE QUALIFICATIONS

e SKILLS AND ACTIVITIES
¢ Volunteer English Teacher for "Teach India"; Challenge for
Charity: SQL, SPSS, Tableau, MS Excel, Power Point.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Evert McCabe Fellowship, Rick and Marilyn Wong Scholarship, Business Technology Club Board member
¢ Owned development, testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical Web Services that powered a Web based product that generated over
$5M in annual revenue. Won "Beyond the Call of Duty" award for outstanding effort

EXPERIENCE

04/2015 to 04/2015 Consultant
Ihs Markit — Seal Beach, CA
e Cloud and mobile services)
¢ Create journey maps and identify touch points for different personas of application developers. Asses the capability
maturity of different components within Windows, 10S, and Android development platforms.

01/2015 to 03/2015 New Product Development Consultant
Jbs Usa — Louisville, KY
(hyper-converged IT Infrastructure)

06/2014 to 08/2014 Product Marketing Manager Intern, vCloud Air
Copart — Avon, MN

e Identified market size, and target customer segments for a new hyper converged IT infrastructure product.
Conducted competitive analysis. Proposed a product for mid-market and a Go-to-Market strategy. VMware Inc.,
Palo Alto, CA Summer 2014 Product Marketing Manager Intern, vCloud Air (Infrastructure as a service- IaaS)

e Interviewed VMware customers to discover adoption rate of vCloud Air based on use cases. Identified top 10
customer use cases of vCloud Air. Presented specific changes to fine tune targeting and positioning of vCloud Air.

e Analyzed winloss interviews to identify top 8 buying criteria and top 4 ROI drivers used by potential customers to
select IaaS vendor. Recommended specific changes to fine tune sales tool-kit.

¢ Developed a content strategy for VMware's IaaS case studies by eliciting buying criteria, and by bench-marking
150 IaaS case studies published by competitors such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, Rackspace, and Google.

01/2014 to 03/2014 MBA Marketing Consultant
F5 Networks — City, STATE
¢ Developed a market entry plan for a new network Security Software as a Service (SaaS) product. Conducted
market research and competitive analysis to identify opportunity worth $1.6B in network security space.
¢ Proposed and presented acquisition as the market entry route to the executive team. In May, F5 Networks acquired
Defense_Net - a cloud based security SaaS provider.

01/2012 to 01/2013 Team Leader
HCL Technologies Limited — City, STATE
e Client: An international chain of convenience stores)
e Led an agile product team of 8 consultants to develop and implement 5 core Web Services of customer loyalty
software to help the client capture $600M in annual revenue.

01/2007 to 01/2012 Technology & Product Analyst
Infosys Limited — City, STATE

e Client: An American publishing and financial information firm)

© Owned development, testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical Web Services that powered a Web based
product that generated over $5M in annual revenue. Won "Beyond the Call of Duty" award for outstanding effort.

¢ Proposed methods to speed up online financial news search feature of client's Web product and presented to Vice
President of Technology, resulting in a project win worth $0.9M for Infosys.

© Developed a software to filter out redundant information from enterprise databases, eliminated manual processes
and saved $550K per annum for the client. Received highest client satisfaction rating for the project.

EpucaTION

Master of Business Administration: Business Technology

The Michael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington - Seattle, WA

The Michael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington, Seattle, WA June 2015 Candidate for Master of Business
Administration Evert McCabe Fellowship, Rick and Marilyn Wong Scholarship. Business Technology Club Board member

Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science

Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal University

Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal University, Manipal, India May 2007 Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science Founder of
DISHA - a socio-economic platform for the underprivileged students. Co-founder & first general secretary of RED X - the largest student
club of the university.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Evert McCabe Fellowship, Rick and Marilyn Wong Scholarship, Business Technology Club Board member
SKILLS

Web Services, Award, Databases, Maintenance, Publishing, Satisfaction, Testing, Web Based, It Infrastructure, Excel, Ms Excel, Spss, Sql.
Competitive Analysis, Marketing, New Product Development, Product Development, Transmissions, Aws, Buying, Buying/procurement,
Cases, Drivers, Iaas, Product Marketing, Roi, Sales, Use Cases, Vmware, Market Research. Mba, Network Security, Saas, Security, Software
As A Service, Android, Ios, Red X, Secretary