Professional Services Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Consultant/ Analyst Website: www.qwilresume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Able to work with minimal supervision, developing and implementing a well-organized plan to
resolve the current business issues.

MS Office, Medi sofi, Supply Chain Management, ERP,

Work Experience

Professional Services Consultant/Analyst
ABC Corporation - 200] - 2002

Defined business requirements, prepared documentation (BRD), and configured sofiware for
implementation.

Reported monthly status per MS Project plan.

Provided professional services to clients including mapping and redesign of clicnt financial and
manufacturing business processes.

Reduced manulacturing variances by over by modifying the production reporting process and
the costing process,

Documented client development of system configuration, pilot testing, and solution integration,
including gap analysis and Issue resolution.

Responsible for functional training programs for the client to cnable knowledge transfer and
successful use of the software,

Remedial training reduced the standard costing process from three days to four hours.

Professional Services Consultant
ABC Corporation - 1996 - 2001

Provided fee-based payroll/human resources sysiem support, provided assistance customizing
client installations,

Coordinated national distribution and provided first line support of Professional Services
Custom Modules,

Liaison between third party developer of Custom Software Modules and Ceridian Employer
Services.

Analyzed and researched all project requests,

Prepared formal propasals for Western Region Projects.

Member of the Professional Services Development Module Team whose charter was to develop
cnhancement soltware for Ceridians base Payroll/Human Resources Product.

Developed product design specilleations, product testing, beta client support, user and
technical documentation for new products as well as provided first level support for beta
Users.

Education

M. B. A. in Marketing and Finance - {University of Kansas}

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines