JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Self-motivated and highly dependable Database Administrator and DEI Coordinator skilled at prioritizing and completing multiple tasks
simultaneously and following through to achieve prescribed goals.

Exceptional written and verbal communication skills in addition to over ten years of experience in administrative and technological
management. Demonstrated the ability to train peer employees in database systems to optimize marketing, record keeping, and donor lists.
Lead in systems launch and serve as systems administrator for database and record keeping programs with strong ability to communicate
effectively with donors, staff, and clients. Head of DEI Committee. responsible for coordinating and executing Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
initiatives across the organization as well as creating and conducting DEI training for full-time and seasonal staff as well as Board members.

SKILLS
e Reports generation and analysis e Apsona
e Training and development e DEI Trained and Trainer
e Financial records and processing © Project coordination
* Microsoft Office e System administration
e Supply replenishment e Timeline management
e File/records maintenance e Testing and debugging
e Time management skills ¢ Compliance and regulations
e Computer proficient * Oral and written communications
¢ Contract negotiation/review/drafting e Databases
e Website Management e WordPress proficiency
e G suite Administrator e Peer training
® Quickbooks e Excellent problem solving skills
* Salesforce ¢ Process improvements
EXPERIENCE

Foundation Database Administrator/DEI Chair, 05/2014 - Current
University Of Kansas — Lawrence, KS
e Lead Database Administrator for Foundation-wide Salesforce.
e Systems administrator for CampDoc and SchoolDoc, which are electronic health form programs used to collect client and staff health
forms for upcoming season.
e Train peer staff in use of CampDoc, SchoolDoc, Salesforce, and Apsona.
¢ Create, coordinate, and execute organization-wide and Board Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion trainings and initiatives.
* Maintain computer Anti-virus and file back-up systems across Foundation.
e Liaison with Board and Executive Council on DEI initiatives.
e Chair of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Committee.
* Coordinate DEI meetings, trainings, formal proposals, and implementation of approved proposals.
e Update Foundation webpages using WordPress.
¢ Conduct monthly enrollment and financial reports and analyses of trends.
e Manage supply orders and maintenance of office equipment taking into account budgetary considerations. Create and manage office
budget.
e Register approximately 600 clients and maintain an electronic health and registration record system including over 1200 payments for a
season.

e Reconcile various account streams of income for each season with Quickbooks.

Head of Online Operations, 05/2011 - 09/2013

Jason Book Corporation — City, STATE
* Promoted within the first year of employment from an Assistant Manager of an online used bookstore to the Head of Online Operations.
e Directed operations of three online used bookstore units with staffs ranging from 4 to 10 staff members per unit.
¢ Coordinated weekly one-on-one meetings with local unit managers.
e Analyzed and monitored online sales taking into account overhead expenses and payout percentages for used book and media inventory.
e Handled personnel and human resource issues.

e Maintained online marketplaces and communication with buyers.

Graduate Teaching Assistant, 01/2006 - 01/2010
University At Buffalo — City, STATE
e Designed and executed detailed lesson plans for weekly class meetings on topics related to global civilizations.
¢ Coordinated weekly classroom discussions in three recitation sections composed of approximately twenty students each.
¢ Prepared and presented lectures for an undergraduate audience of over 200 students.
e Graded exams and papers, as well as maintained the grade book for approximately 70 students.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Ph.D.: History, 2011

A.B.D., University at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY

Fields of Study: Atlantic World, Black Atlantic, Colonialism and Imperialism
e Dissertation: Urban Slavery in Charleston, SC in the Early 19th Century

M.A.T.: Secondary Social Studies Education, 2006
University of North Carolina - Wilmington, NC

M.A..: History, Caribbean and Latin American Studies, 2005
University of North Carolina Wilmington - Wilmington, NC
e Thesis: "The French Colonial Question and the Disintegration of White Supremacy in the French Colony of Saint Domingue, 1789-1792"

B.A.: History, Ancient and Medieval Studies, 1998
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e CampDoc and SchoolDoc database certified.
e Completed Racial Equity Institute Training Phases 1 and 2.
e Attended NCAIS Diversity and Inclusion Conference 2018, 2019.
e Salesforce Trailhead Training.
e Process Improvement
Created new departmental procedures manual.
Assessed organizational training needs.
e Competitive Analysis
Performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future company growth.
e Awarded doctoral fellowship at University at Buffalo, 2006-2010.
e Academic scholarship at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
e Presented papers at academic conferences.
e Awarded Plesur fellowship for dissertation research and writing on urban slavery in Charleston, SC for 2010-2011 academic year.
e Master’s thesis nominated for the Cashman thesis prize.