PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

WORK HISTORY

SKILLS

EDUCATION ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

© VIRTUAL TEACHER - MATH, ELA, SCIENCE - 5TH GRADE 09/2020 to CURRENT

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Compassionate, social justice advocate, and culturally competent urban educator with 9 years of experience
in intermediate classroom instruction in high-needs settings. Expressive, fastidious writer and speaker utilizing
engaged pedagogy. Energetic virtual educator. Composes powertul, cohesive instructional units that scaffold
and increase student learning. Ready to apply virtual teaching expertise to a dynamic new position as an
online Elementary Teacher.

Region 14 | Bethlehem, CT

« Engaging virtual educator adept at managing Zoom for instruction of classes up to 28 students, utilizing
integrated tools seamlessly.

« Evaluates and revises lesson plans and course content to facilitate virtual classroom discussions,
maintain school community, provide student-centered learning, and increase student understanding.

« Increases participation and rigor in lessons using Nearpod, offering immediate feedback.

« Continued creation and implementation of integrated Social Studies lessons to meet national standards
and emphasize social justice Issues.

e Utilizes multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.

e Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.

CLOSSROOM TEACHER - MATH, ELA, SCIENCE - 5TH GRADE 08/2017 to 09/2020
Raytown School District - Fleetridge Elementary | City, STATE

e Embraced growth mindset while demonstrating positive behavior supports in classroom management.

e Incorporated culturally responsive materials and emphasized matters of racial equity in lessons.

e Embedded effective comprehension strategies across subjects, creating original lessons that
broadened student understanding and filled learning gaps.

e Leveraged diverse learning strategies and individualized instruction to meet students’ learning levels
and prepare them for higher-level education requirements.

e Provided effective virtual instruction, adept at managing Zoom and other online instruction modules.

e Collaborated with parents, administrators, and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling
students.

READING, INTEGRATED SOCIAL STUDIES AND WRITING 08/2015 to 07/2017
KCK USD 500 - Whittier Elementary - 5th Grade | City, STATE

e Encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and the world around them by creating diverse.
interdisciplinary, hands-on activities that reflected their educational, cultural and linguistic backgrounds.

e Utilized exceptional writing, editing, and proofreading skills to produce engaging units, lessons, and
targeted assessments.

e Researched latest instruction techniques and employed culturally responsive texts to teach students to
draw inferences and comprehend nuances in word meanings and figurative language.

e Collaborated with teachers in Speech and Special Education disciplines to identify and adopt successful
instructional strategies.

e Accepted and immediately incorporated feedback from fellow teachers and administration.

e Educated students regarding national and global social issues and influencing factors.

CL2SSROOM TEACHER 07/2012 to 08/2015
KCK USD 500 - Whittier Elementary - 4th Grade | City, STATE

e Adapted instruction and supported students in persevering with challenging tasks.

e Set and communicated classroom ground rules based on respect and personal responsibility.
e Mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic problems.

e Improved students' reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.
e Provided individualized instruction and created unique interventions for struggling students.

e Missouri Certified Teacher with Elementary « Common Core and Missouri GLEs fluent
Endorsement e = Intuitive curriculum development and adaptation

e Excellent verbal and written communicator with extensive backward design experience

e Inclusive discourse facilitator e« Empathetic student advocate providing equitable

e Diligent and dedicated outcomes

¢ Creative and critical thinker e Differentiated instruction specialist

e Experienced in scaffolding for ELL students e Responsive and receptive collaborator

e Advanced knowledge of Zoom, MS Office, G
Suite, Nearpod, and IXL

Master of Arts | Curriculum and Instruction 2015
University of Missouri-Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri
Institute for Urban Education Scholarship Recipient and Graduate, GPA: 3.93

BzOhelor of Arts | English Literature 2007
University of Missouri-Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri
Dean's List 2005-2007

e Selected to teach departmentalized English Language Arts program as well as Integrated Social
Studies/ELA/Writing.

e Receives high praise from instructional observations for creating interactive, rigorous, and culturally
relevant lessons.

e Leader in building at integrating culturally responsive teaching material and methodologies.

e« Authored original learning scales for writing units that were used as examples in a large district.

e Instructed students whose writing won 3rd place out of 4,000 elementary students.

« Assisted students in achieving multi-year percentile gains on MAP and STAR assessments.

e« Created innovative lesson plans, project based assignments, formative and summative assessments for
all subjects throughout career.

Missouri Elementary Education Endorsement Grades 1-6