PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ()

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Innovative Christian teacher and coach bringing 6 -years background instructing students in the classroom
and on the court. Expertise in classroom oversight, course planning and behavior management. Successful at
collaborating with teachers, administrative leaders and support specialists to meet individual student needs.
Committed to encouraging higher-order thinking to increase student performance all while incorporating a
Biblical worldview.

e Lecturing and Leading Discussions e Classroom Management
« Student Records e Parent and Guardian Communication
« Student Engagement e Enforcing Rules and Expectations
« Faculty Collaboration and Support e Student Records Management
e Student Discipline e Classroom Instruction
« Verbal and Written Communication e« Staff Meetings
© JUNIOR HIGH SCIENCE TEACHER 08/2019 to CURRENT

Wayne Resa | Detroit, MI

e Planned. prepared and taught lesson plans to 120-140 students, giving students individual support.

e Demonstrated positive and effective classroom management skills.

e« Communicated with students and parents regarding academic progress, assignments and behavior.

e Kept classroom environments consistent and focused on learning by establishing and enforcing clear
objectives.

e Coordinated and collaborated with other faculty members during lesson plan development.

e Assessed submitted class assignments, determined grades and reviewed work with struggling students
to boost success chance.

e Taught subject matter based on information compiled from textbooks, online sites and other educational
materials.

e Offered clear and constructive student discipline, discouraging inappropriate behavior and bullying.

e Assessed student comprehension through regular quizzes, tests and assignments.

e Demonstrated willingness to accept feedback and make corrections based on advice from peers,
parents and principal.

e Planned and escorted student field trips relevant to current science course work.

e Administered and graded tests and assignments to evaluate students' progress.

HEAD VARSITY VOLLEYBALL COACH 06/2017 to CURRENT
University Of Wisconsin System | Milwaukee, WI

e Worked individually with players when struggling to enhance confidence and strengthen court skills.

e Motivated athletes to become stronger, more agile and more effective through training habits and
proper nutrition.

e Promoted stretching, mobility work and proper form to help athletes safely build strength.

e Implemented exercise programs and training strategies to bolster individual and team performance.

e Prepared athletes for special competitions and tournaments.

e Evaluated individual knowledge, skills and strengths and assigned team positions to maximize talent
areas.

e Stretched, warmed up and completed conditioning exercises properly to reduce injuries.

e Maintained equipment, facilities and inventory to avoid accidents, mishaps and damage.

e Coordinated with parents, boosters and other resources to meet team needs involving equipment and
travel arrangements.

e Held special events to promote camaraderie among teammates, families and community members.

¢ Cultivated community and media relations through social media and other communication channels to
support program.

e Increased player strength, agility and game skills through successful practices.

e Trained athletes in proper use of equipment for safety and maximum results.

e Developed game plans and adjusted to meet various game situations.

e Coordinated special events such as pre-season tryouts, training camps and special workshops to
support team goals.

e Evaluated tapes of competition matches to assess strategies and plan counter approaches.

e Supervised up to 5 volleyball coaches.

ASOISTANT COACH 08/2006 to 05/2007
Leon Independent School District | City, STATE

e Worked individually with players when struggling to enhance confidence and strengthen court skills.

¢ Motivated athletes to become stronger, more agile and more effective through training habits and
proper nutrition.

e Promoted stretching, mobility work and proper form to help athletes safely build strength.

e Implemented exercise programs and training strategies to bolster individual and team performance.

e Demonstrated proper technique for spiking and serving ball at observance of team players.

e Developed and implemented training drills to improve team cohesiveness and performance.

e Promoted good sportsmanship with competing teams on- and off-field.

e Maintained equipment, facilities and inventory to avoid accidents, mishaps and damage.

HICH SCHOOL HEALTH TEACHER 06/2006 to 05/2007
Leon Independent School District | City, STATE

e Created engaging lesson plans, fostered culture of discovery and provided well-organized classroom
structure to help students succeed in program.

e Evaluated students' academic and social growth, kept appropriate records and prepared progress
reports to gauge performance.

e Inspired academic success based on belief that all students can achieve excellence, regardless of
background.

e Fostered positive and pleasant classroom culture while maintaining learning development goals.

e Established and communicated clear objectives for all educational activities.

Master of Science | Education 12/2022
Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX

With the Master of Science Degree, | will also be obtaining a Principal as Instructional Leader Certification.
The projected date for certification is August of 2022. With the completion of the Spring '22 semester, | will
have completed 18 hours towards this degree.

Ba helor of Science | Kinesiology 05/2006
Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX

During my time at Sam Houston State University, | obtained my Bachelor of Science Degree in Kinesiology
with a minor in Education. | received my Texas Teacher Certification in Health and Physical Education.

Hig School Diploma 05/2002
Leon High School, Jewett, TX

As a student at Leon ISD | was heavily involved in sports, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, and Future
Farmers of America. My peers voted me Miss LHS and | received many sports related accolades. Some of
these include Class 2A State Volleyball Champions in 2000 where | was named to the All-State Tournament
Team. As well as the District MVP in 2001.