JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Worked for HCL Technologies in India and having 3+ years of experience as a Database Analyst, iSeries Administrator Analyst followed by
AWS Cloud administrator in IT infrastructure functions. Passionate to seek a challenging job that encourages continuous learning and provides

exposure to new ideas towards Professional Growth.

SKILLS
e Cloud: Amazon web Services e Language: C, C++, Java
e Database: SQL, MYSQL5.6, Oracle, RDBM e Web Designing: HTML, Xml, PHP
e Storage Backup Tools: BRMS, Native backup tool AS400 e Ticketing Tools: BMC Remedy, SNOW

¢ Infrastructure Tool: StruxureWare, Scom, Platespin Solarwinds, © Operating Systems: AS400 V7R1 to V7R3 / Windows XP/
Netapp, Moogsoft, Nimsoft Console Ubuntu/Linux
e Application Tool: Revitas, Sterling, SOA, EBS

EXPERIENCE

DATABASE ANALYST - Sunovion Pharma, Marlborough, 07/2016 - 10/2017
HCL Technologies — City, STATE
e Designed advanced SQL queries, stored procedures, triggers and scripts.
¢ Created, maintained, modified, and optimized SQL Server databases.
* Collaborated with other programmers on data modeling.
* Optimized query and table design with knowledge of database performance and capacity.
¢ Implemented Process Improvement Guidelines, Procedures, and Workflows.
¢ Implemented and modified physical database design.
e Assessed database performance for a large database, including system utilization and user response time.
¢ Provided on-call support as scheduled and also provide support to other on-call support people for critical incident where expertise help
would be required.

ISERIES ADMINISTRATION ANALYST - Dean Foods, Texas, 10/2017 - 10/2018
HCL Technologies — City, STATE
© Provided AS400 Admin support for the client Dean Foods US.
e Gained Knowledge about User Profile and User authority.
e Troubleshot QEDD replication, monitoring & controlling out queues & spool files.
¢ Performed tasks by Creating, starting & ending subsystems as per user requirements.
* Created & scheduled Robot jobs & troubleshot scheduler issues.
e Performed backups & managing media inventory using BRMS also restoring objects & libraries using BRMS.
e Performed initial program load IPL via HMC.
e Performed Health check post completion of backups also analyzed TCP IP, SMTP, MSF service status.
¢ Responsible for controlling and submitting the critical batch jobs via ROBOT & Native scheduler.
e Taken responsibility to dispatch for all high, medium, low severity issues within SLA.
e Worked with Jobs, Queues, Subsystems and Message queue.
e Performed Year end/Month end/Weekly/ EOD process based on client’s requirements.
¢ Provided support to technical escalation from the team and Coordinated service calls and requests with team members whenever required.
¢ Involved in 24x7 support rotation for all production, test and development databases.
¢ Have built teams from scratch by providing appropriate in-depth knowledge transfer.

AWS ADMINISTRATION ARCHITECT - Dean Foods, Texas, 10/2018 - 11/2019
HCL Technologies — City, STATE
¢ Involved in migration and implementation of multiple applications from a premise to cloud using various AWS services like EC2, $3, RDS
and EFS.
¢ Provided support and managed services within AWS and global IT infrastructure.
* Responsible for launching EC2 cloud instances using Amazon Web Services and configuring launched instances with respect to specific
instances and regions.
* Responsible for $3 bucket creation, Policies and LAM role based policies.
¢ Installed applications on AWS instances and configured the storage on $3 buckets.
e Built servers using AWS, importing Volumes, Launching EC2 instances, RDS, creating security groups, auto scaling, ELB load balancers
in a defined virtual private connections.
e Responsible for creating notifications for EC2 host using Cloud watch.
¢ Worked with Security division to design and manage LAM roles for users and other third-party vendors.
¢ Worked with internal teams to create the migration process of legacy systems to the AWS cloud.
¢ Performed consolidation of enterprise backup environments in AWS to reduce backup and recovery time increasing backup success rate.
e Managed and configured AWS services as per the business needs.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science, 04/2013

Kings Engineering College

Master of Technology: Software Engineering, 04/2015
B.S Abdur Rahman Crescent Institute of Technology - Chennai