Peter Smith

324 Spring
hace med RY. tng
(212) 456-2414
Poteramith gueail con

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AMS SYSTEMS, New York, NY
Database Administrator I], Jun 2003 — present

.

Approve, sebedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new products wad improvements to

computer systems such as the installation of new databases.

Develop data model describing deta elements and how they are used, following procedures and using pen,

template or compater software.

Develop methods for integrating different products so they work peoperly together such as customizing,

commercial dutubases to fit specific needs.

or existing databases and datubese management systems or direct programmers and analysts to make

meee.

Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguant information tn computer flee against

accidental or unauthorized damage. modification or disclosure.

7s part of a project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope und
imitations.

‘Test programs or databases, correet errors and make necessary modifications.

Write and code logical and physical database descriptions aad specify identifiers of database to management

system or direct others in coding descriptions.

‘Tram asers and answer questions.

Database Administrator1, Jan 2001 — Jum 2008

Establish and calculate optioum values for detebase parameters, using manuals and calculator,

Review procedures in datebese manage ment system manuals for making changes to database,

Review workflow charts developed by programmer analyst to understand tasks computer will perform, sach
as updating records,

Specify users and user access levels for each segment of databave.

Identify and evaluate industry trends in database syste ms to serve as a source of information and advice for
Upper management.

Review project requests deseribing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish
project.

EDUCATION
dew a on ae New York, NY United States

chelor of Science in Database Administration, May 2000

TECHNICAL SKILLS

ef @

Backup or archival software — Acronia Recovery Expert, BMC Cotlog Manager, BMC Recavery Manager
RMAN

Data hase reporting software — Oracle Reports, rack SQL Loader, Orack SQL Plus, ReCrystallize Crystal
Reports

Object oriented data base management software — IBM Informix, PostgreSQL soltwure
Syste ma and data disaster mcovery software — VERITAS NetBackup
Clustering software — Cluster server software, Oracle Real Application Cluster RAC

Data hase management system software — BMC Change Manager, £ mbarcadero Technologies DBArtisan,
IBM DB2, Microsoft SOL Server, MySQL sollware, Oracle DBMS, Oracle Enterprise Manager

Database cloning software — Hewlett-Packard HP Omniback [1, [BM ADSTAR, Legato NetWorker
Data base user interface and query software — Database query langwage, Structured query language SQL

314 Sprng Meedow Lans New Tork, HY 10007 921294561414 per. anth#Pemnilcom