JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and

problem-solving skills.

Successful Database Administrator with seven(7) years of experience in database development and production environments. Areas of
expertise include maintenance and security. Proactive in establishing backup and recovery processes and protocols to protect and retain
valuable company data. Proficient in Installations, configurations, patching Oracle database 18c and 19c software,created databases and
migrate data on 18c and 19c.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

SKILLS
« Back up and Recovery e Systems administration
e Apache Cassandra e Data audits
¢ Microsoft NET framework ¢ Relational Database Management
¢ Performance Tuning e Planning and Coordination
e Linux operating system © Self-Motivated
« Implementing security measures e Attention to Detail

* Database development

Work History

03/2020 to 10/2021 Oracle Database Administrator

Chickasaw Nation Industries — Norman. OK

* Developed, updated and organized databases to handle customer and data.

e Installed and configured Oracle Golden Gate software on Unix/Linux platform for both Unidirectional and
Bidirectional replication

e Expert in working with PL/SQL including Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers.

* Developed backup strategy for our MSSQL Server databases and administered these databases using tools like SS
management studio, SS DCA.
*Working knowledge of Microsoft SSIS, SSAS, ETL, SSRS
*Implemented Oracle Database advanced security practices such as Virtual Database Privacy, TDE and Data
Masking
*SQL tuning and database performance tuning using explain plan and SQL tuning advisor.
*Used statistics generated by AWR, ASH, ADDM reports to monitor and tune database.
Responsible for database backups, designs, development, testing, performance tuning and database and system
security through unique database roles and object permissions, resized database files to decrease cloning, backup
and restoring time.
*Utilization of Oracle data Database machine for high performance of Oracle Databases increasing number of
databases managed and reducing downtime.
* Installed, configured, patched Oracle database 18c and 19c software. Created databases and migrated data on 18c
and 19c.
‘Installed, configured, and monitored Oracle golden gate in my environment.

¢ Modified existing databases to meet unique needs and goals determined during initial evaluation and planning
process

e Created and implemented database designs and data models

e Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance

¢ Coordinated with project management staff on database development timelines and project scope

e Devoted special emphasis to punctuality and worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently
arriving to work ready to start immediately

e Established working relationships across various departments to understand existing and emerging IT requirements

¢ Proposed database changes to ease monitoring and administrative effort

¢ Provided resources and skill sets to support DBA functions for applications

¢ Developed automated processes to manage database creation in virtualized or cloud environment

e Liaised with system administrators to monitor, troubleshoot, triage and provide RCAs for incidents

e Participated in situation management of incidents to support database operations

¢ Troubleshot database issues to create and resolve trouble tickets

¢ Worked with customers and other third parties to support DBA functions

¢ Monitored and analyzed database activity to identify and prevent incidents and recommend performance
improvements

e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers

e Implemented BI solution framework for end-to-end business intelligence projects

e Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data

06/2017 to 10/2019 Data Entry Clerk

Colorado Adaptive Sports Foundation — Telluride, CO

e Entered numerical data into databases with speed and accuracy using 10-key pad.

e Executed data verification to detect errors.

¢ Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.

* Maintained databases, mailing lists, telephone networks, and other information to facilitate functioning of health
education programs.

e Verified accuracy of data before transcribing.

© Drafted reports for upper management as directed.

¢ Corrected data entry errors to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.

e Created reports based on up-to-date data to inform business decisions.

e Kept optimal quality levels to prevent critical errors and support team performance targets.

e Evaluated source documents to locate information needed for each data entry field.

e Added documents to file records and created new records to support filing needs.

e Managed workflow scheduling, data entry and accuracy verification for large data projects.

e Received incoming calls and handled data requests from internal stakeholders.

¢ Compiled monthly budget reports, financial spreadsheets and organizational charts to support business operations
and improve office organization.

¢ Sorted documents and maintained organized filing process.

e Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and database information to maintain accurate records.

¢ Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

e Supported multiple departments with special projects.

e Obtained scanned records and uploaded into database.

¢ Monitored database updates and verified for correctness.

e Verified data files prior to entry to maintain high data accuracy.

02/2015 to 03/2019 Oracle Database Account Manager

EpucaTIoNn

04/2014

Sunny Bros. — City, STATE

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.

e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

e Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.

e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.

e Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.

¢ Monitored company inventory to keep stock levels and databases updated.

e Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start immediately.

e Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents to ensure smooth operations.

© Delivered exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions.

© Received and processed stock into inventory management system.

¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe
working environment.

e Handled over 50 calls per day to address customer inquiries and concerns

Associate of Science: Information Technology
AME ZION University - Monrovia, Liberia