SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

| am currently a StarLiMs Developer and Database Administrator. | am seeking similar opportunities. | am

impassioned by the development, troubleshooting, investigation and implementation of solutions and process

automation. Working in Information management and IT for over a decade has offered me a venue to
exercise a desire to learn every aspect of Information Technology. | have a strong work ethic and a desire to
provide solutions to users of applications and data systems in an effort to streamline workflows and promote
efficiency and safety in the workplace.

e LANGUAGES: StarLiMs Scripting Language. « Government. WebLogic
JScript.net, T-SQL and some of the following: e HTMLS5
C#, VB, JavaScript, Java, HTML5, ASP.NET. e Java
e DATABASE: SQL Server, Access, Oracle. e Linux Server Administration
e SOFTWARE: StarLiMs, EROCH, DotNetNuke, e System DBA and Middleware
Visual Studio, Subversion, SSRS, Crystal e RAD Worker
Report, SSMS. e Reporting with SSRS and Crystal Reports
e SYSTEMS: Windows, Linux. e Safety lead 3 years
« PROJECT MANAGEMENT. Technical Lead e Windows Server

e VENDOR MANAGEMENT. Direct vendor
interaction with multiple software vendors.

e ASPNET

e Agile

e Disaster recovery

SENIOR ORACLE / MS SQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 11/2016 to CURRENT

Saic | Buffalo, NY

e Upgraded Oracle platform from 11g to 12c, and from 12c to 19c including Linux server configuration
and migration.
e Development of multiple StarLiMs applications including but not limited to Chain of Custody auto login,

Electronic Data Delivery, Sample Container Management including the use of linked servers to both MS-

SQL and Oracle databases.

e Develop, Analyze, implement, and maintain custom StarLiMs applications for government clients working

in the environmental remediation, decontamination and decommission, and waste management fields.
e Training: Oracle WebLogic Server Admin Training Oracle Unix/Linux Training, Oracle DBA training.
e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.

e Assessed customer needs and goals through communication and system evaluations to modify existing

databases for personalized customization.

e Developed scripts for index and table analysis actions.

e Specified user access levels for each database segment to protect database integrity and company
information.

e Developed and implemented security initiatives to protect important company data.

e Wrote scripts and processes for data integration, bug fixes, and data changes.

AFOLICATION SUPPORT AND STARLIMS DEVELOPER 09/2011 to 11/2016

Fluor-BWXT | City, STATE

e Design and deploy StarLiMs Scripts, Data Sources, Web Forms such as Sample/Test Re-Open,
Sample/Test Un-Reopen.

e Develop StarLiMs Data Delivery. Reports By SDG. Sample Test Backlog reporting features.

e Design and maintain SQL queries in MS Access and MS SQL Server for reporting back-end, including
Crystal Report development, stored procedures, and DB views.

e General code edits and troubleshooting for StarLiMs forms, data sources, scripts.

e SQL Server database design and administration including the development and execution of SQL
queries and also stored procedures using MS SQL Server.

e Application Administrator for multiple applications including StarLiMs.

e Upgraded and updated applications and data systems working within the framework of change
management and IT Governance policies and procedures.

e  StarLiMs and other application data changes and change management.

e Safety Advocate representing the IT department.

e RAD WORKER II trained and certified.

e Designed and implemented DB backups and disaster recovery plan.

e Contributed to technical support documentation by updating literature based on common support
interactions and known issues with software.

e Gathered user requirements and preferences for application changes, integrating feedback into
subsequent patching schedule.

e Created and updated technical documentation for network installations and changes to existing
installations.

TEOHNICAL SUPPORT 11/2003 to 09/2077

Outdoors Unlimited ISP | City, STATE

e General web site maintenance, troubleshooting, and IT work.

e Helpdesk support for 10.000 user system.

e MS-SQL queries of customer database.

e Supported customers having data connectivity issues, assisting with troubleshooting steps and
rebooting of hardware.

e Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting
tasks.

© ANALY ST/CHEMIST 07/1996 to 07/1999

USEC | City, STATE

e |sotopic Analysis of UF6 by Mass Spectrometer.

e Wet Chemical bench testing in the Uranium Laboratory.

e Maintained and calibrated lab instruments and equipment to streamline use.

e Cleaned and sterilized lab area, tools and equipment.

e Conducted quality control checks, calibration and technical troubleshooting of hematology analyzer.

Bachelor of Science | Chemistry/ Geology 06/1996

Morehead State University, Morehead, KY.
GPA: 3.0/4.0