ROBERT SMITH
Data Scientist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Expertise in problem solving. Excellent in working with business users and colleagues as part of
fequirements, gathering and converting their needs into mathematical models and solutions. Deep
understanding of Statistical Models, Algorithms and Multivariate Analysis.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Python, SQL, R, Java, C++, SPSS, Excel and all MS Office, Misc: LISREL, HLM; Db Visualizer,
Googie Analytics, PUTTY, Perl, CMD; Surveymonkey.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Data Scientist
Bestbuy - January 2016 - 2019

Key Deliverables:

=» Worked on commercial and customer activity data analysis, including data collection, table
treatment, database information, problem analysis, solution proposal and implementation.

* Proposed threes solutions to deal with Promotion Effective Analysis with methods to
calculate sales baseline and lilt,

« Responsible for data collection, cieansing and variable analysis,

» Designed tachnical solution roadmap to deal with noise in sales data,

» Finished muttipie linear or nonlinear regression models lor testing case and achieved very
good predicting results in scenario tests.

« Developed automation process for variable selection and modal testing and used the
method on over 5,000 SKUs,

» Worked on Noise Reduction/Moving Average methods’- exponential smoothing and Fast
Founer Transformation methods - and compared them with regression methods,

Data Scientist
ABC Corporation - December 2014 - December 2015

Key Deliverables:

« Responsbilitie Worked with different departments for data source, responsible for
collecting Macro-economy datasets:

» Worked on data transformation & accessed raw marketing data in varied fomats with
diferent methods foranalyzing and processing,

» Worked with BI team in data investigation, responsible for interpreting variables, making
instructions and also data dictionary.

» Responsible in data patiem recognition and data cleaning.

» Identity missing, invalid values and outliers, analyze and categorize variables of datasets.

« Checked data for distribution, classilication, missing values, outliers, atc, worked with BI
team lor Macro-Economy variable selection to gst deeper understanding of datasets.

Cee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines