JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Logical Data Analyst skilled in requirement analysis, software development and database management. Self-directed and proactive professional
with 10 years of vast experience collecting, cleaning and interpreting data sets. Natural problem-solver possessing strong cross-functional
understanding of information technology and business processes. Qualified Business Intelligence Analyst versed in data mapping and user
acceptance testing to solve complex problems in high-pressure environments. Activates strong analytical skills to investigate trends in large
amounts of data and formulate conclusions based on findings. Excels at cultivating, managing and leveraging client relationships to foster
extended engagements and business opportunities. Responsible and motivated student ready to apply education in the workplace. Offers
excellent technical abilities with software and applications, ability to handle challenging work, and excellent time management skills.

SKILLS

e Compatibility Testing e Running backups
* Query Tools e Data audits
e Analytical Problem Solving © Vendor/partner relationships
¢ Data Visualization and Presentations e Infrastructure development
¢ Configuration Management e VMware
¢ Data Integrity Validation © Product development and improvement
e Attention to Detail ¢ Tomcat
e Sequence Diagrams e Cybersecurity frameworks
e Data Mining e Backup testing
e Data Analysis e Server/network configuration
* Statistical Analysis © Citrix
¢ Data Quality e Application stacks
e Clear and Concise Communication ¢ OSI network layers
¢ Business Intelligence Systems * Documentation and technical articles
e Budgeting and Forecasting e Coaching and training
e Data Compiling e Data Modeling
¢ Process Improvement e Website analytics tools
« Business Analysis e Wireframes
e Database analysis e Analytical
¢ Troubleshooting © Software Development Lifecycle
e Performance Monitoring e Multitasking

EXPERIENCE

Data Analyst, 07/2006 - Current
Spencer Gifts, Llc — Charlotte, NC

¢ Worked with a team of database administrators to designed and implement Multisite.

e Analyzed competitive market strategies through related product, market or share trends.

e Managed timely flow of business intelligence information to users.

¢ Communicated with customers, competitors and suppliers to stay abreast of industry or business trends.

e Assessed programs to identify risks or problems to determine appropriate responses.

e Managed diverse projects for data capture, storage and forecast analysis.

e Maintained library of model documents, templates or other reusable knowledge assets.

e Audited internal data and processes to identify and manage initiatives, improving business performance.

¢ Provided supporting information to substantiate research findings.

e Assisted integration of internal and external data tools and products, maintaining stability and performance across systems.

°

¢ Actively participate in all phases of system development life cycle including planning and analysis, design, development, and testing.

e Maintain application performance & scalability with a focus on (PTO)

e Performance Tuning & Optimizing SQL queries, table design, indexing, query plan analysis, databases & SQL servers.

e Provide support for architectural designs to enhance complex subsystems like analytics engines.

¢ Design and implement Continuity of Business solutions, data warehouse solutions for SQL Server databases including replication strategy
and Active-Active and Active-Passive clustering.

* Create alerts, notifications, and emails for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, and security
breaches.

* Export/Import data from other data sources like flat files using SSIS/DTS packages.

* Setup Database Security and maintain accounts and access levels by creating suitable Logins and Roles and assigning object level
permissions.

« Manage Disk space, Memory, and User Connections.

¢ Schedule and monitor maintenance activities including database consistency checks and index fragmentation.

¢ Schedule weekly jobs and Maintenance tasks for better performance and created alerts with Database Mail SMTP.

e Generated reports and obtained data to develop analytics on key performance and operational metrics.

e Assisted with efforts to track, evaluate and report on impact of programs using multiple data sources.

e Synthesized business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action.

* Conducted data analysis to prepare forecasts and identify trends.

* Leveraged software to compile and model data.

* Identified needs of customers promptly and efficiently.

e Analyzed and tracked data to prepare forecasts and identify trends.

* Identified and analyzed industry or geographic trends with business strategy implications.

¢ Identified or monitored current and potential customers using business intelligence tools.

* Collected business intelligence data from industry reports, public information or purchased sources.

¢ Created or reviewed technical design documentation to drive accuracy of reporting solutions.

e Analyzed and developed technical and functional specifications for databases serving up to 1000 employees.

e Partnered with project management teams on development of scope and timelines.

e Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.

e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers.

e Created and implemented database designs and data models.

* Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.

« Maintained complex T-SQL queries, views and stored procedures in multi-database environment with little supervision.

¢ Followed standard practices for migrating changes to test and production environments and provided technology support to meet business
requirements.

e Implemented system enhancements to propose, design and develop solutions to fulfill requests and address problem reports.

¢ Produced high-standard database solutions to meet stability, reliability and performance metrics.

e Wrote scripts and processes for data integration and bug fixes.

e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.

¢ Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.

e Partnered with data scientists to support ongoing research and analytics initiatives.

Data Analyst, 06/2012 - 06/2016
Wells Fargo — Evanston, IL
e Partnered with data scientists to support ongoing research and analytics initiatives.
e Audited internal data and processes to identify and manage initiatives, improving business performance.
¢ Provided supporting information to substantiate research findings.
e Assisted integration of internal and external data tools and products, maintaining stability and performance across systems.
e Interacted with non-technical stakeholders to deliver analyses and answer questions on deliverables.
¢ Recommended metrics and models based on observed trends.
e Audited initial datasets to confirm validity of imported data, corroborating changes against updates in data tapes.
¢ Worked with intemal teams to understand business needs and changing strategies.
e Assisted with efforts to track, evaluate and report on impact of programs using multiple data sources.
e Generated reports and obtained data to develop analytics on key performance and operational metrics.
© Utilized data analysis to monitor process efficiencies and identify data integrity exceptions.
* Collected, tracked and reviewed data to evaluate business and market trends.
e Synthesized business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action.
¢ Gathered and organized data to analyze current industry trends.
¢ Identified and analyzed industry or geographic trends with business strategy implications.
© Collected business intelligence data from industry reports, public information or purchased sources.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Industrial Chemistry . 10/2010
Abia State University - Uturu