Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Links
¢ https://www.ecologiesofsoundandsea.com/

¢ https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-making-of-the-sounds-of-the-modern-ocean-experience/id1010
¢ https://scripps.ucsd.edu/news/recognizing-latinx-and-hispanic-excellence-scripps

Professional Summary

Masters degree in Marine Biodiversity & Conservation from Scripps Institution of Oceanography with a Bachelors degree in
Political Science and Environmental Conservation. Conservation researcher, science communicator and researcher of 10 years
focusing on biodiversity, biology and conservation. Studies include bioacoustics, fish populations, ichthyology, planktology,
energy dynamics in ecosystems, cetecean research and music.

Accomplishments

e Studied Environmental Law and Policy and Marine Biodiversity under Samantha Murray, Vice President of the California Fish
and Game Commission

¢ Studied Marine Biodiversity and Conservation with researcher Greg Rouse at SIO.

¢ Studied under Dr. Bronwyn Hayward who is lead author for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change AR6 report (cities
& infrastructure) and was a lead author for the 2018 Special Report on 1.5 (Sustainable development & Poverty eradication).

¢ Studied bioacoustic and cetacean research with Kerri Seger, Senior Scientist at Applied Ocean Sciences (AOS)

¢ Invited to speak in a Science Webinar with the Institute of the Americas about conservation methodologies.

¢ Collaborated with team of 20 researchers in the development of science communication project, Ecologies of Sound and Sea,
which was presented and aired at Scripps Institution of Oceanography.

¢ Invited to speak on ocean podcast show Speak Up for the Blue.

¢ Recognized within the STEM community and interviewed by SIO during LATINX week.

e Received a full ride scholarship to the University of Incarnate Word, San Antonio, Texas.

¢ Received Music, Academic and Study Abroad Scholarships to Texas Lutheran University and University of Canterbury.

Skills
e Customer Service/ Various Retail Settings. e Ability to work under harsh conditions.
¢ Bilingual, Spanish and English. ¢ Identifying disease and epidemiology in fish and in sea life.
¢ Music teacher, performance, music theory. ¢ Knowledge in Paleontology: Evolutionary Biology.
e Musician of 20 years with over 50+ students. e Ability to communicate effectively with co-workers and
¢ Knowledge of computer software, including the Windows public domain.
operating system and Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, ¢ Knowledge in Natural Resources including state’s
Powerpoint, Access). recreation opportunities, environment and wildlife.
e Ability to lift up to 75 lbs. e Ability to work independently, be self-motivated and
¢ Zooplankton, Ichthyoplankton and Phytoplankton punctual.
identification. e SIO Scientific Diver and PADI Rescue Diver.
¢ Knowledge of commercial fishing gears. ¢ Professional Aquarium maintenance and Aquaculturist.
¢ Knowledge of fisheries biology, behavior, stock assessment ¢ Data entry and statistical analysts.
and management. e Experience with land and water transects, marine and land
¢ Knowledge fish species. expeditions, conducting CTD scans, fish dissection, trolling,

e Ability to work at sea, including multiple day deployments. plankton tows, bathymetry scans, sediment core extraction,
marine and land species identification, hydrophone arrays,
microbiology.

Volunteer History

Biological Science Technician Intern, 08/2019 to 12/2020
Joliet Public Schools District 86 — Joliet, IL
¢ 20 hours a week.
¢ Worked with evolutionary biology lab with amphioxus.
¢ Conducted animal and specimen examinations to detect presence of disease or other problems.
¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Prepared supplies and work areas to keep daily workflows running smoothly.
¢ Worked with phytoplankton labs.

Wild Life Rescue Volunteer, 08/2001 to Current
Wild Life Rescue And Rehabilitation — City, STATE
¢ 20 hours a week.
¢ Presented talks to public and school groups to encourage interest in STEM topics.
¢ Monitored sick and injured animals to promote care, education and outreach program.
e Administered medications and syringed and bottle fed infant animals to promote health and healing with goal of releasing
back into wild.
e Assisted in rescues to treat sick, injured and orphaned wild animals of various species.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Prepared meals and diets for animals using species-specific formulas and nourishment to aid in rehabilitation.

Field Biologist and Photographer, 01/2011 to 03/2011
Universidad De Veracruz, Xalapa — City, STATE
e 40 hours a week.
¢ Prepared for recording sessions by selecting and setting up microphones.
¢ Lived for 2 month in jungle environment studying howler monkey population dynamics and assessment.
¢ Collected data, acoustic files and documented research at all hours.
¢ Participated in primate and ecosystem land study for the University of Veracruz.

Mentor Teacher, 12/2009 to 12/2010
Big Brother Little Sister — City, STATE
¢ Volunteered with groups and organizations to help make measurable differences for program recipients.
e Encouraged donations by supporting community fundraising events and campaigns.
¢ Organized and managed events and projects as part of community support services.
¢ Developed manual providing information on community resources across county available to families and children.

Education

Master of Advanced Studies: Marine Biodiversity And Conservation, 06/2021
University of San Diego - San Diego, CA

¢ 3.268 GPA

¢ Marine Mammal studies and Policy

¢ Marine Biodiversity & Conservation Lab

¢ Evolutionary Biology Lab Internship (Holland Lab)

¢ Microbiology Lab member (Bowman Lab)

¢ Knowledge of fisheries biology, behavior, and management.

¢ Worked at sea conducting research

¢ Environmental Economics

e Environmental Law and Policy

¢ Deep Sea Biology

¢ Biological Oceanography

¢ Parasitology/Ecological Parasites

e Marine Acoustics Capstone

¢ Participation in Public Comment in California Department of Fish and Wildlife on Plastic Pollutants in ecosystems.

Aquatic Science Professional/Aquarium Maintenance: Marine Biology, 04/2019
Animal Behavior College - California
e Aquarium Maintenance Basics

e Aquarium Setup Basics

e Freshwater Aquariums

¢ Saltwater Aquariums

¢ Pond Basics/Invasive Species
e Species Guides and Sourcing
e Equipment Maintenance

¢ Commercial Aquariums

¢ Business Building

Bachelor of Arts: Political Science And International Relations, 05/2017
University of Cantebury - New Zealand
¢ President of Spanish Club
e Science, Maori and Indigenous Knowledge
¢ Democratic Uprisings and Political Participation
e Environmental Politics and Policy
¢ Cultural Activism and Politics
¢ Kaikoura, NZ Civil Science Project on oil drilling on impacts on local biomass and marine mammal populations
¢ Music performance

Bachelor of Arts: Environmental Science, Political Science, 05/2017
Texas Lutheran University - Seguin

« 3.0 GPA

e Student Ambassador

¢ Physics

¢ Quantitative Methods and Statistics

e Banking and Financial Market

¢ Survey Research

e State and Local Government

Diplomado: Sound Engineering, 01/2012
Escuela Veracruzana De Luis Buniel - Xalapa, Veracruz
¢ Admitted in a two year certificate in sound production and engineering.
¢ Recorded and managed sound files of Oaxacan ecosystem and cities.
¢ Lived in Veracruz jungle studying howler monkey and primate population, while helping the University of Veracruz in
biological survey work.
e Inspected crops, surveyed wildlife.

Certifications
Professional Certification
Seguin Texas, Dog Shelter
¢ Dog training
Google
¢ Data Analytics
Animal Behavior College
e Aquatic Science And Maintenance
Scripps Institution of Oceanography
¢ Scientific Diver
American Red Cross | Wisconsin
e CPR, First Aid, AED
Boaters Ed | Wisconsin
¢ Boaters safety course
Hunters Ed | Wisconsin
e Hunters safety course
Certificates
Stanford | Stanford, CA
¢ Machine Learning
Johns Hopkins University
¢ Genomic Data Science Specialization
University of California, Davis | Davis, CA
© Geospatial And Environmental Analysis
University of California, Davis | Davis, CA
¢ Fundamentals of GIS
University of Cape Town | South Africa
¢ Large Marine Ecosystems: Assessment And Management
Rice University | Houston, TX
¢ Natural Attenuation of Groundwater Contaminants
University of Edinburgh | Scotland
¢ Paleontology: Ancient Marine Reptiles
University of California San Diego | San Diego, California
¢ Introduction To Algae