Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Driven Database Architect with [Number] years of experience in full lifecycle development. Goal-oriented team player succeeds
working with various colleagues and clients by maintaining communication. Motivated with keen analytical, problem-solving and

task management abilities.

Skills
¢ Database Optimization e Advanced Excel Spreadsheet Functions
¢ Corporate Accounting ¢ Korn Shell
¢ SOL Server Integration Services (SSIS) e Integrity Checks
¢ Database Coordination e Application and Server Monitoring
e Linux Environments e Client Information Database Systems
¢ Database Mirroring e Coding Data
¢ Data Structures ¢ HP Unix
¢ Data Synchronization e Architecture Improvements
e Oracle Database Administration (DBA) e Infrastructure Solutions
¢ Database Testing Software e Client Correspondence
¢ Oracle Enterprise Manager ¢ Security Recommendations
e PERL Scripting e Disaster Recovery Design
e Administering Databases * Recovery Techniques
e Data Encryption * SQL Transactional Replications
¢ Client Requirements e Team Meetings
¢ Database Schemas * Crash Recoveries
e Data Testing ¢ Continuous Improvement
¢ IBM DB2 e Continuous Integration Software
¢ Database Cloning e Database Oversight
¢ Database Support e Requirements Specifications
e IBM AIX e Standard Operating Procedures Proficient
¢ Microsoft SOL Server Reporting Services ¢ Database Design and Management
¢ Code Fixes ¢ Warehousing Environments
e Training Junior Team Members e Event Service
e Customer Needs Assessments e Troubleshooting and Modifications
¢ Database Consolidation ¢ Data Imports
¢ Technical Application Support ¢ Standard Operating Procedure Development

¢ Query Execution
Work History

Senior Database Administrator
Solute — Dahlgren, VA
e Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.
e Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data.
¢ Modified existing databases to meet unique needs and goals determined during initial evaluation and planning process.
¢ Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.
e Wrote and maintained technical and functional specifications to document database intentions and requirements.
¢ Created and implemented database designs and data models.
¢ Coordinated with project management staff on database development timelines and project scope.
e Planned and implemented security measures to safeguard vital business data.
e Authored and coded logical and physical database descriptions.
¢ Designed and developed [Type] and analytical data structures.
e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers.
e Installed, upgraded, configured and tuned [Type], [Type] and [Type] systems and all associated middleware in LINUX and
Windows environments.
e Managed systems and infrastructures by defining hardware requirements and planning storage capacity for [Type], [Type] and
[Type] databases.
¢ Eliminated downtime by accurately implementing [Type] database.
¢ Implemented BI solution framework for end-to-end business intelligence projects.
e Developed, updated and organized [Software] databases to handle customer and [Type] data.
¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

Cloud Security Solution Architect
Rockwell Automation, Inc. — Alpharetta, GA
e Interfaced directly with customers, stakeholders and end-users regarding capability architectures, requirements use cases and

stories to derive, develop and decompose next-cycle updates and specifications.

Provided solution designs to meet system strategies, capabilities and technologies and to respond to current and future business

requirements.
Developed specifications, drawings and engineering artifacts and reports.

Collaborated with development and operations teams to develop practical automation solutions and custom modules.
Provided architectural leadership and guidance to technical teams to deliver robust, highly scalable and cost-effective solutions.
¢ Defined cloud architecture for both hybrid and non-hybrid cloud solutions.

Researched and understood emerging technologies and end-user needs.

Identified and remediated single points of failure and security risks.

Developed and documented system security authorization boundaries for cloud-based solutions and client applications within

cloud service.

Partnered closely with technical stakeholders to implement security, operational, compliance and privacy-related controls as part
of cloud blueprints.
¢ Maintained compliance with cybersecurity regulations and measures and tracked, assessed, integrated and reported on

modernization and migration processes.

Displayed sound understanding of standard networking protocols, virtual networks and load balancing.

Recommended design changes to production systems in response to changing business process, capacity, risks and performance

requirements.
Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating systems, application software and system management tools.

Worked closely with customers, internal staff and other stakeholders to determine planning, implementation and integration of

system-oriented projects.

¢ Participated in system development life cycle from requirements analysis through system implementation.

¢ Provided 2nd and 3rd level technical support and troubleshooting to internal and external clients.

¢ Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions, and collaborate with
developers on solution implementation.

e Managed use of various types of databases and configured, installed and upgraded new ones.

¢ Managed and monitored installed systems for highest level of availability.

¢ Managed installation, upgrade and deployment projects and provided on-site direction for network engineers.

e Wrote and maintained custom scripts to increase system efficiency and performance time.

e Built and maintained network infrastructure consisting of Windows, Linux and virtual products.

e Oversaw development and maintenance of organization computer systems and intranet.

¢ Defined enterprise processes and best practices and tailored enterprise processes for applications.

¢ Designed and implemented system security and data assurance.

¢ Resolved issues related to operational components for LAN, WAN and voice systems.

Cloud Solution Architect, 03/2022 to Current
Optimum Tech — City, STATE
¢ Developed specifications, drawings and engineering artifacts and reports.
¢ Interfaced directly with customers, stakeholders and end-users regarding capability architectures, requirements use cases and

stories to derive, develop and decompose next-cycle updates and specifications.

Provided solution designs to meet system strategies, capabilities and technologies and to respond to current and future business
requirements.

¢ Defined cloud architecture for both hybrid and non-hybrid cloud solutions.

Identified and remediated single points of failure and security risks.

Collaborated with development and operations teams to develop practical automation solutions and custom modules.

Provided architectural leadership and guidance to technical teams to deliver robust, highly scalable and cost-effective solutions.

Researched and understood emerging technologies and end-user needs.

Developed and documented system security authorization boundaries for cloud-based solutions and client applications within
cloud service.
¢ Maintained compliance with cybersecurity regulations and measures and tracked, assessed, integrated and reported on

modernization and migration processes.

Recommended design changes to production systems in response to changing business process, capacity, risks and performance

requirements.

Partnered closely with technical stakeholders to implement security, operational, compliance and privacy-related controls as part
of cloud blueprints.

Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating systems, application software and system management tools.

Displayed sound understanding of standard networking protocols, virtual networks and load balancing.

Worked closely with customers, internal staff and other stakeholders to determine planning, implementation and integration of

system-oriented projects.

¢ Participated in system development life cycle from requirements analysis through system implementation.

¢ Provided 2nd and 3rd level technical support and troubleshooting to internal and external clients.

¢ Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions, and collaborate with
developers on solution implementation.

¢ Managed installation, upgrade and deployment projects and provided on-site direction for network engineers.

e Managed and monitored installed systems for highest level of availability.

¢ Wrote and maintained custom scripts to increase system efficiency and performance time.

¢ Resolved issues related to operational components for LAN, WAN and voice systems.

¢ Designed and implemented system security and data assurance.

¢ Defined enterprise processes and best practices and tailored enterprise processes for applications.

¢ Built and maintained network infrastructure consisting of Windows, Linux and virtual products.

« Oversaw development and maintenance of organization computer systems and intranet.

Data Architect | Engineer, 04/2022 to 04/2022
AT&T - City, STATE
¢ Conducted research to test and analyze feasibility, design, operation and performance of equipment, components and systems.
¢ Read and interpreted blueprints, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports.
¢ Prepared cost estimates, schedules and project specifications for proposals.
¢ Participated in formal internal design reviews of proposed products and components, providing input on potential technical
improvements.
¢ Reviewed and checked technical drawings by architectural technicians, CAD technicians and drafters.
¢ Developed work plans for various personnel roles, designing to suit required competencies and technical goals of ongoing
efforts.
e Drafted and captured technical schematics for use in project planning and execution.
¢ Identified, analyzed and resolved infrastructure vulnerabilities and application deployment issues.
¢ Used metrics to monitor application and infrastructure performance.
¢ Reviewed existing systems and made recommendations for improvements.
¢ Provided technical leadership and delivered innovative products and services to address customer specific requirements.
¢ Implemented necessary controls and procedures to protect information system assets from intentional or inadvertent
modification, disclosure or destruction.
¢ Supported data center power and cooling infrastructure and consistently applied critical facility operational best practices.

Education

MBA: Project Management, 01/2016
Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA
e Dean's List [Semester and Year]
¢ Honor Roll [Semester and Year]

Bachelor of Science: Computer Information System, 04/2014
DeVry University - Downers Grove, IL
e Dean's List [Semester and Year]