JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seeking professional career opportunity to experience and contribute to an exciting and rewarding work environment that will utilize my
administrative skills and academic background in Management Information System and Operation Management for the interest of the job

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

© Microsoft Office 2007, 2010
¢ Microsoft Project, Access and Visio 2007, 2010.
e Basic knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL Server 2010

and Web Design.

¢ Citrix System and Lawson Security

¢ Problem solving
* Quality Focus

¢ Strong analytical and organizational skills
¢ Detail and accuracy oriental
¢ The ability to work quickly under pressure and to deadlines.

Work EXPERIENCE

2015 to 08/2015 Database Administrator
Chenega Mios — Berwyn Heights. MD

e Created Device History Report (DHR).

¢ Created Fogbugz customer and action tickets for every feedback item for each site.

* Conducted weekly configuration updates for 62 sites.

e Offered JCWG support for team members.

¢ Released and updated Fogbugz tickets.

e Resolved any issues related to the system.

© Updating the system and monitoring new tickets.

¢ Updated the RTM by monitoring new tickets.

© Updated documents for the Site Configuration (Go-Live).

© Updated documents for the individual site configuration.

e Tracked the progress and re-prioritized tickets as necessary.

¢ Installation, Configuration, upgrading and monitoring Responsible for identifying and driving performance
improvements Corporate databases running over 120 applications.

e Working closely with the applications and infrastructure teams.

© Updating ticket database.

e Peer reviewing offer updates by working with other team members to certify updates and ensure they are
compliant.

e Monitoring database efficiency.

e Preparing reports for management Keeping database up to date.

® Managing database access.

e Writing reports.

e Create ways to store, organize, and present data.

e Build, maintain. administer and support databases.

08/2014 to 2015 IT Administrator System
Johns Hopkins Medicine — Bradenton, FL

e Performed daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources,
reviewing system and application logs.

e Performed daily back up operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up
to the appropriate media.

¢ Created, changed, and deleted user accounts per request.

e Maintained the company's IT network, and security systems.

e Installed IT hardware and software as needed.

e Created Employee Self Service on Citrix.

© Updated the network applications as needed.

e Trained newly hired IT employees.

08/2014 to 09/2014 Administrative Assistant
Mercy Healthcare — Festus. MO

e Performed general administrative and clerical support including mailing, scanning, faxing, copying and filing.

e Answered phone calls and used good judgment to screen calls.

e Managed and responded to incoming emails with student and faculty inquires, invoices and expense forms.

e Scheduled and coordinated internal/external meetings and conference calls.

e Prepared and assembled materials for use in meetings and reports.

e Assisted in resolving office equipment issues.

e Created labels and packaging for outgoing mail and packages.

e Attended staff meetings: took and distributed minutes, and followed up on action items.

e Made travel arrangements for department staff and processed related expenses reports.

e Served as a consistent language point of contact for foreign speaking students.

e Acted as a liaison between the faculty and the students.

¢ Creating spreadsheets and presentations Organize and schedule meetings and appointments Produce and distribute
correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms Assist with bookkeeping’ Accounting functions as appropriate.

06/2013 to 09/2013 Administrative Assistant I
Johns Hopkins Medicine — Annapolis, MD

e Responsible for all the financial/accounting data entry.

e Managed the financial/accounting database.

¢ Worked on church-wide communications.

© Used spreadsheets or databases to organize information and produce standard reports.
e Prepared balance sheet and expenses report.

Monitored incoming emails, prioritized issues and responded to any possible requests.
e Managing Calendars Preparing reports and financial data.

09/2009 to 12/2012 Administrative Assistant
Johns Hopkins Medicine — Brandon, FL

© Created and updated patients’ medical records.

e Scheduled and coordinated appointments.

e Assisted patients in filling out the necessary documents.
e Performed printing, photocopying and faxing duties.

e Answered the phone.

e Ordered supplies.

07/2009 to 08/2009 Administrative Assistant
Medstar Health — La Plata, MD

e Provided administrative support in conducting market research, maintaining and organizing data.
e Generated reports for dissemination to students and parents.

Managed secretarial duties in the school's administrative office with daily administrative tasks.

e Processed paperwork.

e Ensured the correct application of the summer camp schedule.

e Conducted performance reports for all summer camp leaders.

05/2005 to 08/2008 Teachers’ Assistant
Little Flock Christian School — City, STATE

EpucaTIOoN

¢ Followed and executed activities according to pre-designed daily lesson plans.

e Acted as a role model to all children attending camp.

e Supervised children ages 6-12 years.

¢ Reported to the school office at the beginning of school day to pick up required materials/schedule classes.
e Managed and organized events for the school's summer camp.

e Coordinated in maintaining student! attendance records and vacation leaves.

¢ Provided secretarial duties in the school’s administrative office with daily administrative tasks.

December 2013 Bachelor of Science: Management Information System and Operations Management
George Mason University - Fairfax, VA.
Management Information System and Operations Management

LANGUAGES

Fluent in English, French and Arabic.

SKILLS

*Professional experience in Microsoft Office 2007, 2010

*Microsoft Project, Access and Visio 2007, 2010.

*Basic knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL Server 2010 and Web Design.
*Citrix System and Lawson Security

*Problem solving

*Quality Focus

*Strong analytical and organizational skills
*Detail and accuracy oriental
*The ability to work quickly under pressure and to deadlines.