JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

* Over 14+ years of IT experience in Database Administration and Support of MS SQL Server 2016/ 2012/2008R2/2005 in Production, Test,
Development Environments.

* Experience in implementing high availability using Server clustering (Active-Active, Active-Passive) in Windows 2008/2012/2016
environment.

* Experience in RDBMS database design, performance tuning, optimization, backup and recovery in SQL Server 2008-2016.

* Experience in Disaster Recovery Planning.

* Migration experience from MS SQL Server 2008 to 2016.Along with Datacenter move.

* Master in performing database files management, backup/restore. security management, Database Mirroring, data integration, data
compression and synchronization.

* Extensive use of DTS/SSIS in SQL Server, Performance Tuning & Index Tuning, Disaster Recovery Planning, Security Management,
Managing server and clients.

* Extensive experience in Capacity Management and assigning storage for cloning environment.

* Extensive experience in setting up Cloning environment and troubleshooting issues.

* Expert in configuring/Migrating SQL server 2012 — 2016 with Always on.

* Hands on experience in Metal 3.1 and Informatica 9.0/9.1 a data warehouse tools used in EDW for the ETL flow.

SKILLS

Cloning, Mirroring, Clustering, Replication Always ON, Web Services,T-SQL, PowerBuilder, Power Shell, VB Script, Python .Jupyter .
ETL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Siebel 7.7 , Informatica .Metal, .SQL Azure. Spyder, Anaconda,Java,C/C++

Work HISTORY

Senior Database Administrator, 07/2015 - Current
Honeywell — Rocky Mount, NC
e Increased overall database performance, reduced fragmentations, and minimized failures by implementing various upgrades and migrations
strategies.
e Performed Datacenter migration from scratch in minimal downtime.
¢ Consolidating environments to save cost on licensing.
¢ Migrated all SQL servers from one datacenter to another with minimal downtime.
e Planning and migrating data to another storage which is optimal and cost saving.
e Maintained, restructured, and optimized databases by removing performance bottlenecks, devised and integrated solutions.
¢ Troubleshot and resolved technical issues; alleviated bottlenecks to ensure optimal functionality
¢ Develop and monitor standards and procedures for database environment Perform database software installs, configurations, patches, and
upgrades
e Performance management of the application using various tools like New Relic and Data Dog.
* Created alerts to keep the environment up and running 24 /7 .
* Performance tuning for the SQL server queries and optimizing.
e Developing scripts for refreshing Test environment with production data.
e Effectively migrating SQL server MDS environment to MDS 2016 which effectively improved performance of the systems.
* Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data.
e Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.
e Wrote and maintained technical and functional specifications to document database intentions and requirements.
e Planned and implemented security measures to safeguard vital business data.
¢ Developed and implemented performance improvement strategies and plans to promote continuous improvement.
© Led projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement.
¢ Working on planning Azure migration for section of databases .

SQL DBA /Module Leader (Client Microsoft), 09/2007 - 06/2015
C28 Technologies — City, STATE
¢ Implementing high availability using Server clustering (Active-Active, Active-Passive).
e Setting up HLB for IIS servers for load balancing using Active — Active clustering.
¢ Implementing alerting systems for the applications
e Creating customized monitoring tool using PowerShell scripts.
¢ Used SSIS as an Extract Transform Loading (ETL) tool of SQL Server to populate data from various data sources, created packages for
different data loading operations for application.
* Incident Management and problem management
e Performed DBCC utilities and fixed data corruption in application database
e -Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.
Ensured the packaging/processing deliverables are completed on time.
e -Automation in monitoring servers and databases.
¢ Setting up cloning & mount points for the application.
e Upgrading SQL server katmai to CTP5, CTP6 . RTM
e -Tuning queries which are running slow using Profiler and Statistics Io by using different Methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes,
updating Statistics and code modifications.
* Setting up environments with cloning infrastructure and troubleshooting

e Work with business to accommodate maintenance window with minimal downtime due to application criticality

Siebel Administrator (Client : Microsoft), 08/2004 - 02/2006
Wipro — City, STATE
* Build Support for Dev teams to triage build issues.
e Create schedules for applying builds and refreshing the environment with the production backups.
* Consult production team to understand the risks before any release.
e Tracking issues that come across during the build through product studio.
e Managing the source code control aspects of windows releases.
¢ Installing and configuration of SQL Server and Siebel 7.5.2
e Applying the development code to test environment.
e Restoring the Databases after every Phase of testing.
* Configuration of Siebel environment and setting up Siebel gateway, Enterprise servers.
¢ Troubleshooting the Job related, Siebel administration and IIS related issues.
e Upgrading the Siebel Database using Siebel configuration tools
¢ Upgrading SQL 2000 to Yukon (SQL 2005)

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science
BLDE A's - Kamataka India

CERTIFICATIONS

* Data science ,University of Washington

e Azure Database Administrator Associate (Microsoft)

Training :
* Completed training in DP-050T00 Migrate SQL workloads to Azure
¢ Completed training in DP-100T01 Designing and Implementing a Data Science Solution on Azure