Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

Sr. Database Analyst Website : www, qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Detail oriented IT Professional with over 15 years experience as an IT Database/QA Analyst
Specialist. Skilled at operating in a wide range of platforms, excellent written and verbal
communication skills and an expert in explaining complex software issues in easy-to-comprehend
tems.

SKILLS

SQL, Excel, Medical Terminology, MySQL, Microsoft Word, Data Entry / 51 Plus Wprn, Microsoft
Office Access 2007, PowerPoint Presentations 2007, SQL Statements, Query Building, And
Microsoft SOL Server Management 2008,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr, Database Analyst
Google - October 2011 - August 2015

Implement daily, weekly, and monthly reports online by reviewing and approving new product
tables therapeutic class while assisting in making therapeutic class decisions when necessary,
Assigns products names via MediSpan through systern generated ids which the specialist
creates and are then called brand names for In-house client database tables,

Consist of system generated ids for strengths, forms, manufacturers, and corporations which
analyst creates as well as USC codes for new NDCS which are not yet placed into database
tables.

Analyze data with the ability to jdentify all data discrepancies with the authority to make the
necessary changes.

Create multiple operational reporting tools such as PL/SOL query statements to extract data
to create an excel spreadsheet.

Research the Internet (google, daily med, price Rx, and facts and comparisons answers etc.)
to maintain data integrity,

Match new forms and routes, also package combination to form numbers,

Reference Data QA Analyst
Sdi Health, Lic - January 2000 - October 2011

Supported efforts by analyzing the pharmaceutical product, payer, and provider data using
Microsoft Access, Oracle, toad, PLSQL, and SOL for external clients likGenentechch and
GlaxoSmithKline,

Provided and maintained data integrity of product databases against daily, weekly, and
monthly updates.

Interfaced with external clients and provided lucid interpretations of the large amounts of
data,

Trained managerial and co-workers staff on these departmental policies.

Achieved @ substantial Increase in the speed and efficiency of database development and
umpiavee product consistency by creating software tools to generate io modules, tables, and
views.

Manage data quality and data integrity standards for daily vendor data transfer.
Automating data processes and improving workflow integration with existing systems.

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines