SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated high school science teacher who encourages creativity and exploration, in each student. Adept in
relaying complicated scientific theories, engaging students in scientific discussions, and maintaining strong
bonds with students and parents. Specializes in International Baccalaureate Biology, Pre-IB Biology, Biology
Honors, and Environmental Science. Constructive High School Science Teacher proficient in providing
scientific instruction for class sizes up to 35. Methodical and organized leader effectively structures lesson
plans to offer diverse learning experience for students. Proven skills in computer software and public
speaking. Offering 7 years of expertise in teaching science.

« Lesson Planning e Life Science
« Enforcing Rules and Expectations e Syllabus Development
« STEM Programs e Parent and Student Communication
« Biological Science e Assigning and Grading Work
« Environmental Science e Progress Monitoring
« Documentation and Reporting e Positive Reinforcement
« Technologies Integration e Instructional Materials Preparation
« Lab Management e Lecturing and Leading Discussions
« Problem-Solving e« Relationship Building
« Physical Science e Classroom Management
« Verbal and Written Communication « Educational Needs Assessment
« Program and Classroom Management e Scientific Instruction
« Progress Evaluations e« Lab-Based Instruction
e Test Proctoring e Proficient in all Microsoft Software
« Lab Project Demonstrations e Hands-On Learning
e Faculty Collaboration and Support e Licensed in Florida
HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE TEACHER 10/2015 to CURRENT

Sealy Isd | Sealy, TX

e Teaching a level of science that is appropriate to the maturity of the students

e Guiding students to design experiments that will test known scientific methods

e Challenging all students to do better and learn more about science and nature

e Teaching students about the role of science in economics and society as a whole

e Promoting student interaction through dialogue and instructional conversation

e Creating a positive classroom atmosphere that is inclusive and encourages study

e Teaching students how to think scientifically by making lessons fun and interactive

e Explaining the basic concepts of science and getting scientific discussions going

e Posing problems or questions to students and then asking them to come up with answers.

e Promoted safe and clean classroom environment conducive to individualized and small group needs.

e Created lesson plans to address needs of entry-level and upper-level science students.

e Facilitated student success and academic growth through implementation of Florida standards
curriculums.

e Coordinated with other professional staff members to evaluate and assess science-based curriculum.

e Adapted teaching methods and instructional strategies to promote learning in students of differing skill
levels.

e Met with parents and guardians to discuss student progress and areas for improvement.

e Managed consistent, learning-focused classroom environments by establishing and communicating
clear objectives for students.

e Administered tests, quizzes and other assignments to gauge students' learning and knowledge of
course materials.

e Delivered clear, informative lectures on subject matter framed to meet state standards.

e Assessed student progress with course material through routine quizzes, final examinations and
standardized assessments.

e Evaluated submitted assignments for clarity and skills, assigned grades and discussed results with
struggling students to enhance understanding of course objectives.

e Created study guides and supporting materials to reiterate lecture details and prepare students for

tests.
e Maintained school-wide culture of respect and actively used positive behavioral interventions and
support.
ACOOUNTS RECEIVABLE SPECIALIST 06/2013 to 10/2015

Arrivia | Phoenix, AZ

e Collect outstanding balances owed, from insurance carriers

e Check invoices for partial. no payment, misapplied funds and duplicate billing

e Talk to the adjusters to get the appropriate documentation, for invoices to be sent out to collect
payment

e Resubmit and appeal invoices due to billing error and no payment received

e Write off invoices that have been in hold or in error for more than 6 months.

e Performed various accounts receivable functions, handled cash receipts posting, updated cash flow
reports and researched chargebacks and write-offs.

e Evaluated open accounts to look for past-due balances and pursue collection strategies.

¢ Verified. classified, computed, posted and recorded accounts payable data and reconciled daily totals
to confirm proper accounting.

e Investigated billing discrepancies and implemented effective solutions to resolve concerns and prevent
future problems.

e Worked closely with delinquent account holders to collect and reconcile accounts through approved
channels.

e Kept accounts receivable tracking database current with relevant client information, collection and
billing progress and program changes.

e Interfaced with customers to bring accounts current with suitable repayment plans.

e Routinely contacted account holders with balances over 30 days past due to resolve delinquencies.

e Partnered with cash application team and credit manager on timely and accurate posting of remittances.

CLORICAL ASSOCIATE 12/2070 to 12/2013
Valley Health | Moorefield, WV

e Critical Care Unit

e Faxing, mailing, and sending charts to different physicians’ offices and patients for continued care and
follow-up appointments

e Serve as a role model for customer service: handle verbal, written, telephone and electronic
communications at the central nursing station

e Assembly the patients chart and maintain the paper copy of the patients’ medical record

e Order/control equipment, supplies and the environment of care

e Provide assistance as needed to the nurses and physicians in the use of the electronic medical records
and perform other support duties.

e Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.

e Directed clients and guests to correct departments, rooms, and staff members.

e Processed accounts payable and accounts receivable updates to maintain current financial records.

e Greeted visitors or callers daily to handle questions or direct to appropriate staff.

e Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents to bolster
organizational workflow.

e Offered diverse clerical support to office team members, managed correspondence, answered
telephone calls and tracked documentation.

e Monitored calendars and scheduled appointments based on availability and established load limits.

Master of Science | Administration 05/2012
University of West Florida, Pensacola, FL
Specializing in biomedical/pharmaceutical research and studying the various types of pharmaceutical drugs
during the different clinical phases. | studied different areas of the Human Genome Project and advances in
biomedicine by molecular biology and developments in computer hardware/software.

e Major in Biomedical Pharmaceutical

« Thesis: Stem Cell Research in Heart Attack Patients

e« Leadership Honor Society Member

« Honor Roll January 2010 - May 2012

« 3.6GPA

Ba helor of Science | Healthcare Administration 04/2009
University of North Florida

. | studied different hospital and healthcare policies, standards, statistics. data collections, analysis and
management within the different administrative organization.

e Major in Healthcare Administration

e 3.5 GPA

High School and Middle School Swim & Diving Coach.