SKILLS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

WORK HISTORY

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« Missouri Certified Teacher with Elementary « Common Core and Missouri GLEs fluent
Endorsement e Differentiated instruction specialist

« Excellent verbal and written communicator e Responsive and receptive collaborator

e = Intuitive curriculum development, alignment, e Expert knowledge of Zoom, MS Office, G Suite,
adaptation, and evaluation with extensive Google Classroom, Nearpod, and IXL

backward design experience
e Inclusive discourse facilitator
e Creative and critical thinker

e Selected to teach departmentalized English Language Arts program as well as Integrated Social
Studies/ELA.

e Receives high praise from instructional observations for creating interactive, rigorous, and culturally
relevant lessons.

e Leader in building at integrating culturally responsive teaching material and methodologies.

¢ Composed original learning scales for writing units that were used as examples in a large district.

e Instructed students whose writing won 3rd place out of 4.000 elementary students.

e Assisted students in achieving multi-year percentile gains on MAP and STAR assessments.

e Created innovative lesson plans, project based assignments, formative and summative assessments for
all subjects throughout career.

Master of Arts | Curriculum and Instruction 2015
University of Missouri-Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri
Institute for Urban Education Scholarship Recipient and Graduate, GPA: 3.93

Ba helor of Arts | English Literature 2007
University of Missouri-Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri
Dean's List 2005-2007

Engaging, expressive educator, writer, and speaker with 9 years of experience in intermediate classroom
instruction in high-needs settings. B.A. in English Literature and M.A. in Curriculum and Instruction. Designs
powerful, cohesive, culturally responsive, anti-bias instructional units that scaffold and increase student
learning. Ready to apply writing talents, teaching expertise, as well as communication and research skills to
the dynamic Entry-Level Content Writer at Jerry Insurance Agency.

) VIRTUAL TEACHER - MATH, ELA, SCIENCE - 5TH GRADE 09/2020 to 05/2021

Shelby County School District | Cordova, TN

e Innovative virtual educator adept at managing Zoom for instruction of classes up to 28 students, utilizing
integrated tools seamlessly.

e Evaluated and revised course content to facilitate virtual classroom discussions, maintain school
community, provide inclusive, student-centered learning, and increase student understanding.

e Increased participation, rigor. and achievement in lessons using Nearpod, offering immediate feedback.

e Integrated culturally responsive content to emphasize matters of social justice, respect for diversity,
equity, and inclusion.

e Utilized multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.

e Cultivated relationships with parents for complete support network.

CLQSSROOM TEACHER - MATH, ELA, SCIENCE - 5TH GRADE 08/2017 to 09/2020
Raytown School District - Fleetridge Elementary | City, STATE

e Grade level lead for writing instruction, as well as incorporating culturally responsive materials and
emphasizing matters of social justice, respect for diversity, inclusivity, and racial equity in lessons.

e Leveraged diverse learning strategies to meet students’ learning levels and prepare them for higher-
level education requirements.

e Provided effective virtual instruction, adept at managing Zoom and other online instruction modules.

e Collaborated with parents, administrators, and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling
students.

e Helped students achieve multi-year growth on STAR assessments in Reading and Math.

READING, INTEGRATED SOCIAL STUDIES AND WRITING 08/2015 to 07/2017
KCK USD 500 - Whittier Elementary - 5th Grade | City, STATE

e Encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and the world around them by creating diverse,
interdisciplinary, hands-on activities that reflected their educational, cultural and linguistic backgrounds.

e Utilized exceptional writing, editing, and proofreading skills to produce engaging units, lessons, and
targeted assessments.

e Researched latest instruction techniques and employed culturally responsive texts to teach students to
draw inferences and comprehend nuances in word meanings and figurative language.

e Collaborated with teachers in Speech and Special Education disciplines to identify and adopt successful
instructional strategies.

e Increased students' MAP Reading achievement by more than a year's growth between Fall and Spring.

CL2SSROOM TEACHER 07/201 2 to 08/2015
KCK USD 500 - Whittier Elementary - 4th Grade | City, STATE

e Adapted instruction and supported students in persevering with challenging tasks.

« Set and communicated classroom ground rules based on respect and personal responsibility.
e« Mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic problems.

« Improved students' reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.
e Provided individualized instruction and created unique interventions for struggling students.

« Doubled yearly MAP score growth in 75% of students in Reading and Math.

Missouri Elementary Education Endorsement Grades 1-6