JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Having worked as a Physics Teacher for almost 12 years, I am looking forward to work as a physics curriculum developer and STEM Coach at
School of Science and Technology.

SKILLS

e Excellence in physics experiments and theories. e Excellent public relations skills, communication skills, and

e Extensive experience teaching physics to high school students interpersonal skills

e An outgoing, dynamic, and fun personality and teaching style e Experience as advisor to various student-run clubs

e Well-acquainted with the syllabus and course requirements ofhigh © Experience and strong desire to incorporate a multicultural
schools curriculum

e Excellence in developing a training approach that meets the e Experience and knowledge about teaching effectively to
requirements of high school students accommodate various learning styles

e Well-acquainted with the process of evaluating and grading e Ability to foster a lively, enthusiastic, and positive classroom
students, mentoring and providing feedback to them, etc. learning environment

¢ Thorough with different audio-visual teaching aids available to © Detail oriented
make sessions more interesting e Ability to organize and prioritize workload effectively

¢ Proven ability of handling students independently with ease e Flexible and adaptable to change

* Strong quantitative, critical thinking, and analytical skills

e Ability to work independently or in a team environment

EXPERIENCE

Science Department Chair, 07/2014 - 05/2017
Garfield School District Re-2 — Rifle, CO
1. Curriculum Development and Supervision
¢ Supports and plans for implementation and vertical alignment of the department curriculum
e Ensures effective use of Understanding by Design framework
e Evaluates and selects a variety of instructional materials. textbooks, and curriculum guides
2 . Instruction
* Conducts classroom observations and provides supervision and evaluation of teachers
e Works in conjunction with the Special Education department in planning the instructional program for the special education students.
e Evaluates the effectiveness, and recommends the use of various teaching methodologies.
3 . Professional Development
* Schedules and organizes departmental meetings in order to effect horizontal and vertical articulation of the instructional program at our
schoo
e Shares with the staff current research in such areas as curriculum development and pedagogical innovations through curriculum bulletins,
guides, handbooks and departmental meetings.
« Recommends and directs teacher attendance at conferences, workshops and meetings designed for continued professional development
¢ Coaches individual teachers to assist them accomplishing professional goals.
4. Assessment
e Trains and assists teachers to use assessment data to effectively drive instruction.
* Coordinates all facets of internal interim assessment program.
¢ Supports school’s testing coordinator with NYS testing as needed.
* Supervises and coordinates training teachers in using appropriate diagnostic techniques.
5. School Responsibilities
e Manages department resources and places purchase requests as appropriate.
¢ Meets regularly with the Instructional Leadership Team for the purpose of maintaining ongoing communication regarding a wide spectrum
of school related issues.
* Carries out such special functions, projects or assignments as the Directors may direct

* Actively participates in the recruitment, screening, hiring, training and assigning of personnel

AP Physics Instructor & Physics Teacher , 07/2011 - 05/2017
Kindercare — Charleston, SC
e Teach physics classes to a diverse array of students of varying ages and abilities
e Plan and organize hands-on activities that encourage active student participation, involvement, and team work
e Advisor for STEM Club, focus on fostering student leadership
e Maintain an orderly, peaceful, and positive learning environment, applying disciplinary measures when necessary
e Foster and encourage critical thinking and analysis about art and society

Science Teacher, 09/2010 - 04/2011
Harmony School Of Science - Sugar Land — City, STATE
¢ I was responsible for providing science education services to middle school students in a classroom and laboratory setting.

e Instructs students, maintains student discipline and is responsible for student academic achievement.

Physics Teacher, 07/2005 - 05/2010
Private Maltepe College Preparatory School — City, STATE
e Taught physics classes to students grades 9-12
¢ Created multicultural lesson plans
¢ Incorporated technology into the classroom
¢ Implemented a variety of teaching tools to accommodate all learning styles
* Encouraged a multimedia and multi-dimensional curriculum

e Fostered a positive and safe learning atmosphere

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Physics, 2007
100. Yil University - Van

Master of Science: Physics , 2010
Gazi University - Ankara

Master of Arts: Education Leadership, 2018
North American University - Houston, TX

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

e February, 2017- AAPT( American Association of Physics Teachers) : Made a presentation about Quantum Locking and Super Conductor

e January, 2017 - The 10th Annual Texas STEM Conference; Made a presentation about Best STEM Practices in Physics classroom

e May, 2016- Recognize as Finalist of Best STEM Educators in Texas by Educate Texas(The Educate Texas public-private partnership
includes: The Texas Education Agency; Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board; Texas Workforce Commission; Office of the
Governor: Texas Legislature; Communities Foundation of Texas; Ford Foundation; Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Greater Texas
Foundation; Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust; Houston Endowment; IBM; The Kresge Foundation; Lumina Foundation;
The Meadows Foundation; TG Texas Guaranteed; and Texas Instruments Foundation).

e February, 2014 - The 7th Annual Texas STEM Conference: Presenter