PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated biology/physiology master's student seeking the associate scientist position at the Environmental
Working Group offering excellence in data entry skills, t.

« Knowledge Of Office Equipment « Verify Data
e« Proofreading e Excel
« Customer Service e Spreadsheets
« Word Processing e Ms Office
« Database Systems e Database Maintenance
HEALTH DATABASE/RESEARCHER 01/2017 to CURRENT

Davis Joint Unified School District | Davis, CA

e Communicates with end-users, team members, and managed projects.

e Writes research reports regarding various COVID 19 testing techniques.

e Gathers and organizes information for research purposes.

e Verifies data information prior to entry to maintain high data accuracy.

e Maintains accuracy of data before transcribing.

e Locates, verifies. and corrects data entry errors and reported to management.

e Performs data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

e Organizes, sorts, and checks inputted data and charts against original documents.
e Proficient in database/data entry programs such including Excel and Google Forms.
e Reduces data errors by 95% through quality control.

e Attended project meetings and transcribed meeting minutes. topics of interest and project statuses.

KIOSK WORKER 12/2020 to 12/2020
Parkway Place Mall | City, STATE

e Used electronic register system to ring up customer purchases, process payments and issue receipts.

e Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.

e Helped average of between 15-20 customers per day by responding to inquiries and locating products.

e Assisted customers by finding items quickly, boosting satisfaction rate by 85-90%.

e Verified over $100 or more of cash and credit payments daily.

e Handled customer complaints and concerns promptly, escalating complex issues to direct supervisor for
quick resolution

e Greeted customers and responded to informational requests

MEDICAL VOLUNTEER 09/2020 to 11/2020
Alabama A&M University Student Health Center | City, STATE

e Assisted physicians with daily laboratory duties and maintenance of clinic office supplies.

e Obtained vital signs and collected biological samples to assist with diagnostic testing and ongoing
assessments.

e Promoted patient comfort by quickly responding to calls and handling diverse needs

¢ Operated and cleaned laboratory instruments.

e Ensured that medical/administrative data remained accurate by 95%.

e Pulled patient records and transferred information to appropriate parties.

e Logged all requests for medical records into spreadsheets.

e Assisted in microscopic slide preparation/viewing for further investigation.

e Assisted with sorting specimen samples and travel to specific departments to deliver medical
information.

e Labeled assigned specimens for sorting and documentation purposes.

e Cooperated with medical staff to ensure that medical supplies were restocked for weeks ahead and
prepared treatment packages.

e Organized, filed, and inputted laboratory data efficiently.

e Educated patients on health issues regarding infections on campus settings and how to avoid them.

e Sorted specimen materials and filed according to guidelines.

e Input data into computer/support systems.

e Adhered to all facility, company, and legal guidelines.

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

e Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies, and regulatory guidelines.

e Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications to send
to local hospital facilities.

e Limited discrepancies by accurately handling, storing, transporting and submitting all urinalysis and
blood samples.

e Collected and labeled urine and blood specimens to prepare for delivery to other laboratories.

Master of Science | Biology 12/2021
Alabama A & M University, Normal, AL
e Coursework in cardiovascular physiology, principles of research, advanced physiology | & Il,

pharmacology, and immunology.
e Maintained a 4.0 GPA.

Ba helor of Science | Nutritional Science 05/2019
Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, AL
e Coursework in medical nutrition therapy. nutritional biochemistry, and methods of food analysis.

Participated in research projects that focused on cardiovascular conditions as well as extraction of
chemical properties from aloe vera plants for antimicrobial purposes.

Bzohelor of Science | Biology 07/2018
Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, AL
e« Coursework in molecular biology, undergraduate research, cell biology, and foundations of cancer
biology.
e Participated in research projects that focused on cardiovascular conditions as well as extraction of
chemical properties from aloe vera plants for antimicrobial purposes.

AsCociate of Science | Science 05/2015
Northern Virginia Community College, Annandale, VA
e« Dean's List for 3 consecutive semesters: Spring 2013, Fall 2013, and Fall 2014.
e Maintained a 3.5+ GPA.
« Coursework in general biology, anatomy and physiology, microbiology, medical terminology, and
psychological statistics.

© Volunteer Certificate, Alabama A&M University John & Ella Byrd McCain Health & Counseling Center - 2020