Data Scientist Assistant Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Data scientist with a strong math background and experience in big dala, machine learning, and
statistics. Passionate about explaining data scienee to non-technical business audiences.

Machine Learning, Data Mining, Bayesian Inference and,

Work Experience

Data Scientist Assistant
ABC Corporation - June 2009 - February 2012

Work closely with various teams across the company to identify and solve business challenges
ulllizing large structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing
environment.

Analyze large datascts to provide strategic direction to the company,

Perform quantitative analysis of product sales trends to recommend pricing decisions.
Conduct cost and benefit analysis on new ideas.

Scrutinize and track customer behavior to identify trends and unmet needs.

Develop statistical models to foreeast inventory and procurement cycles.

Assist in developing internal tools for data analysis.

Data Scientist
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2009

Objective Logistics is a Google and Atlas venture-funded startup company.

IL provides a web-based labor management platform (namely MUSE} that helps lift sales and
improve guest experiepec.

tovolved in the entire development cycle, ineluding concept prototype, architecture desivn, code
implementation, unit/integration testing and bug fixing.

Analyzed large data sets, tneluding 10 million checks from over 30 restaurants and 10,000
employees and studied MUSEs effects on store sales and individual employees.

Delivered the mulli-eategory ranking system to evaluate staff performance (patent [1)}.

Built the configurable reporting system of key performance indicators (KPI).
Technologics/Tools C#, ASP.Net, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, MVC, Entity Framework,
SQL Server, Windows Azure, Visual Studio, TFS, GitHub, MatLab, R, Excel..

Education

MSc in Engineering - (University of Twente}

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines