CHARLOTTE MAY

Senior Data Scientist | CAP | DASCA
\ +1-713-645-3682 @ latishaham@hey.com
9 Phoenix, AZ

SUMMARY

With eight years experience working as a data scientist and more than ten
years of strong academic background in analytical modeling and
programming, | strive to bring high-quality business intelligence solutions
to businesses seeking higher efficiency. With expertise in advanced
statistical algorithms, machine learning and forecasting, | have also worked
on over 1150 high performance parallel processing applications using C++
and C.

EXPERIENCE

Senior Data Scientist - Marketing Team

Dell

# 2018-Present @ Phoenix, AZ
Turned data into actionable insights, providing C-suite stakeholders with
insightful recommendations to streamline business operations and
improve customer experience.
Generated statistical reports and visualizations, providing key insights
for more than 20 marketing campaigns and initiatives, including A/B
testing, customer retention, brand awareness, and global expansion.
Worked with senior leadership to develop and implement digital
marketing strategy, identifying and implementing new tactics to
improve campaign performance by 50%, resulting in 250% increase in
revenue from search marketing campaigns.

Senior Data Scientist

Metro

f 2018-2020 @ Phoenix, AZ
Designed and implemented a machine learning system that predicts
hardware malfunction with more than 80% accuracy.
Created global and personalized real time reports system for executives
stakeholders and processes in SAS, Tableau, and proprietary systems.
Worked closely with a team of data engineers and BI analysts to
improve the efficiency customer recommendation analytics engine by
33%.

Data Scientist

Drouin S.A.R.L.

@ 2014-2018 @ Phoenix, AZ
Collected technical requirements for $S00K+ customer accounts,
defining data rules for and KPIs for performance metrics.
Perform HR data collection and a variety of statistical analyses using
Microsoft Excel, SAS, Tableau and Python.
Assisted senior data science team in building innovative machine
learning models and segmentations for personalization initiatives to
drive margin, revenue, and conversion.

EDUCATION

BS: Data Science GPA
UC, Berkley 4.0 | 4.0
#8 2008 - 2012

www-.enhancy.com

® www.linkedin.com/in/--lhamilton--

TECH STACK

Python Java C Scala R

Hadoop RapidMiner QlikView
MonboDB
HDFS HBase MapReduce

flask scikit-learn

SAS programming — SPSS

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

implemented and designed a machine
learning system

that predicted malfunctions in server hardware
with more than 80% accuracy.

Optimized customer recommendations
model

that resulted in 22% revenue growth in regional
stores.

STRENGTHS

x International internships and experience

4 internships in Singapore and Norway

¢ Hard-working

Studying 2 majors simultaneously while -
for some time - also working alongside at
Deloitte. Habituated to long days.

Si Solving complex problems

Due to my Law and IT education

Poweredby (CX? Enhancy