PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

TOOLS AND

ENVIRONMENT

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Over 6 years of IT experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Installation, Configuration, Administration,
Maintenance and Performance tuning. Backup/Restore, and disaster recovery in SQL Server
2019/2016/2012/2008R2. Solid working experience in managing large databases, backup/recovery.
configuring and managing HA solutions, managing reports using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS). Monitoring,
Performance Tuning, stored procedures, triggers, functions. constraints, views, etc.

e Microsoft SQL Server e SolarWinds
2019/201 7/2016/201 4/201 2/2008R2 e SolarWinds, ServiceNow and RedGate,
e SQL Query Analyzer GoldenGate
e Enterprise server and platforms e Performance Tuning
« PowerShell e Database Security

e Microsoft Visual Studio

SQL SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 08/2020 to CURRENT
Kemper | Jacksonville, FL

e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and
maintaining servers.

e Conducted tests to identify issues and make necessary modifications.

e Setup SQL Server database configuration parameters for optimum performance.

e Managed SQL Server logins, user account, and passwords along with database object permissions.

e Migrated databases along with users and logins.

e Designed and implemented a comprehensive backup plan and disaster recovery strategies.

e Implemented and scheduled replication processes for updating parallel servers.

e Created and managed database maintenance plans for various database consistency checks.

e Used log shipping technique for a warm backup solution for SQL Server databases including AlwaysOn
Availability Solutions.

e Managed SQL Server database mirroring and clustered environments.

e Identified and resolved the query performance using SQL Profiler and index tuning wizard.

e Installed software upgrades and service packs for SQL Server.

e Monitored connections, locks, and performance of SQL Server

e Worked with complex stored procedures, triggers, cursors, views, tables, and other SQL joins and
statements for applications.

SG. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 12/2016 to 08/2020
Computer Aid | Saint Paul, MN

e Designed, tested, and deployed, database changes, stored procedures, SSIS packages, and other
data migration processes.

e Monitored system's health and performance and ensure high levels of performance, availability,
sustainability, and security.

e Refined and automated regular processes, tracked issues, and documented changes.

e Provided database support, responded to user questions, and resolved problems.

e Organized data and implemented analytic data marts and business intelligence views for performance
monitoring, measurement, evaluation vs. forecasts, and financial measures.

e Planned and implemented robust Backup and Restore strategies.

e Configured SQL mail, scheduled tasks, and managed alerts.

e Monitoring SQL Server performance using 3rd party System Monitors and SQL profiler.

e Automated DB maintenance tasks by developing scripts for providing consolidated reports over mail for
daily full and transactional log backups across all production servers, generic job failure reports of the
important application-related jobs.

e Ensured weekly index rebuild and updated statistics, checked jobs run fine on production systems.

SG. SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 11/2014 to 12/2016
Kemper | Phoenix, AZ

e Installed and Configured MS SQL Server instances.

e Installed new software or upgrade existing software for various tools or systems utilized by marketing.

« Capacity planning for new and existing SQL Servers to manage database files.

« Managed SQL Server database mirroring and clustered environments.

« Provided database support, responded to user questions, and resolved problems.

« Created and managed database maintenance plans for various database consistency checks.
« Configured SMTP Server for database mail setup and received alerts for the threshold values.

Bachelor of Science | Computer Sciences 10/2009
Unity University, Ethiopia