Anne
Lounsberry

Data Scientist, year
Microsoft Certified

Personal Info
2013 -

g25-297-JUlZ

E-mail

anne.c.lounsberry@gmail.com

GitHub

github.com/annecarollounsberry

LinkedIn

linkedin.com/in/annelounsbery12
Skills

Machine Learning

Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience In Python, R, Java, and
Scala. Applied data mining to analyze ABC Inc. procurement processes demonstrating
potential savings of $420,000 a year. Seeking to leverage my data visualization and

big data modeling skills to help increase XYZ’s investment returns in the upcoming

Experience

Senior Data Scientist
ACB Inc., Los Angeles, CA

Developed end-to-end machine learning prototypes and scaled them
to run in production environments. Increased efficiency by 23%.
Contributed meaningful improvements to existing machine learning
models through carefully directed research.

Derived actionable insights from massive data sets with minimal
Support.

Provided input into the collection of new data sources and the
refinement of existing ones to improve analysis and model

development.

Key achievement: Applied data mining to analyze procurement

processes resulting in savings of $420,000 a year.

Pe eee oe 2008 - Machine Learning Specialist
2013 AnyCompany, San Diego, CA

¢ Collaborated with all team members to optimize Customer
Big ake Relationship Management database for a high-volume real estate
a es Fry).
Data Mining e Increased repeat business among real estate investors by 25%.
LS e Decreased wasted phone and email time by 57%.
Python e Build a machine-learning-based system of matching clients with
———— tailored investment opportunities. Increased customer retention by

30%.

R
a 2005 - Junior Data Analyst
ree 2008 Capgemini, San Diego, CA

¢ Consulted and worked with development teams to determine, execute
oS and deliver relevant solutions.
scala ¢ Analyzed old information architectures and contributed to the design
———— and development of the new one.

e Provided information, feedback and guidance to clients to support
= as technology-related decision making.
Problem-Solving Education
a ee ee
Active Learning 2005 MSc in Statistics, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA
RISK Analysis 2014 Google Certified Professional Data Engineer

2008 Microsoft Professional Program Certificate in Data Science