SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am committed to academic and social success of every student and to promoting student learning with
diverse instructional strategies

« Respectful « Conflict Resolution

« Team player e Oklahoma and Arkansas Teaching Certification
« Google Classroom « Zoom

« Summer School Instruction e Multimedia Instruction

« Learning Management Systems e Schedule Creation and Maintenance

« Positive Behavior Techniques e Hands-On Learning

« Positive Reinforcement e Standardized Testing

« Classroom Management e Tutoring Experience

e« State Standards Adherence e Reliable & Trustworthy

e Distance Learning

© 7TH AND 8TH GRADE SCIENCE TEACHER 08/2020 to CURRENT

Poteau Public Schools | City, STATE

e Employed assessment tools and strategies to improve instruction methods.

e Attended variety of professional development workshops centered on learning goals, classroom
management, student motivation and engaging learning activities.

e Determined lesson objectives and clearly communicated to students.

e Met with parents to share perspectives on child's strengths and weaknesses.

e Used positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.

e Observed fellow teaching professionals, gathering valuable techniques to use in classroom.

e Adhered to district standards for reporting on academic progress, student attendance and assessment
data.

e Evaluated students' academic performance

e Devised lesson plans aligned with curriculum and met varying student needs.

2N.) GRADE TEACHER 08/2015 to 08/2020
Poteau Schools | City, STATE

e Organized classroom supplies and decorated walls to create fun, nurturing settings and meet learning
needs.

e Drove student learning by establishing clear classroom plans and group objectives, as well as
actionable strategies to achieve each goal.

« Implemented classroom management improvements to enhance class morale and engagement.

e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized
examinations.

e Established and enforced rules of behavior to drive social development and maintain positive
interactions.

e Planned lessons according to district standards to cover all requirements and prepare for standardized
tests.

e Assessed student progress by administering tests and evaluating results.

e Promoted exploration of building blocks of learning by leading diverse, hands-on activities.

¢ Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process.

e Retained student interest and maximized receptive learning.

« Taught lessons encompassing skill-building activities in math, writing, reading and listening.

e Established and maintained rapport with other staff, students, and parents to facilitate communication
and academic progress.

e Assisted in after school tutoring for students in need of one on one help

e Upheld commitment to educational excellence and fostered atmosphere of mutual respect and trust.

¢ Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

e Sourced supplies to fill gaps in student activities.

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students based on various instructional
techniques.

1SO GRADE TEACHER 08/2006 to 08/2015
Poteau Schools | City, STATE

e Organized classroom supplies and decorated walls to create fun. nurturing settings and meet learning
needs.

e Taught students subject-specific material, learning strategies and social skills.

e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized
examinations.

e Established and enforced rules of behavior to maintain positive classroom environmen.

e Drove student learning by establishing clear classroom plans and group objectives, as well as
actionable strategies to achieve each goal.

e Implemented classroom management improvements to enhance class morale and engagement.

e Assessed student progress by administering tests and evaluating results.

e Planned lessons according to district standards to cover all requirements and prepare for standardized
tests.

e Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process.

e Retained student interest and maximized receptive learning.

e Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

e Offered constructive feedback to students regarding specific actions, behaviors and words.

e Established and maintained rapport with other staff, students, and parents to facilitate communication
and academic progress.

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students based on various instructional
techniques and technologies.

OFT INSTRUCTOR 08/1998 to 08/2006
Poteau Schools | City, STATE

Oklahoma Parents as Teachers program is a service for newborns to 3 year old to help educate expecting
and new parents to help them give their child the best start in life.

Bachelor | Elementary Education 1996
Northeastern State University, Tahlequah, OK

Certification~

Elementary 1-8

Science 6-8

English 6-8