JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A hardworking, skilled and dedicated IT professional, highly proficient in hardware and software troubleshooting, working knowledge of
networking concepts. Flexible and adaptable to changing technologies and tools.As a professor of Computer Science, demonstrated excellent
communication and customer service skills, quickly established rapport with students, faculty, and supervisors.

SKILLS

e Platforms: Linux (Debian, Arch, RedHat, SUSE), Windows e Bilingual in English and Spanish

Desktop/Server, OS X, © Very proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel
e System maintenance, upgrade and backup’retrieval e Advanced problem solving skills
¢ Desktop and laptop repair e Analytical and critical thinker
¢ Internal components installation e Skilled multi-tasker
¢ Programming languages: UNIX shell script, Java, Python, C,C++, © Detail-oriented

PHP. HTML, Javascript e Focused
e Web-based software engineering * Patient
e Fast learner

Work HIsToRyY

Computer Science Professor, 02/2011 - 07/2015
Wipfli Llp — Spokane, WA
e Taught introductory and upper level courses in computer science and software engineering students. Classes included: Introduction to
programming, Object-oriented programming. Hardware and software support, data structure design
e Faculty supervisor for CITT (Center for Innovation and Technological Exchange): Coached, motivated, and acted as a resource to students
as they developed projects and ideas
e Team building—facilitated students’ collaboration in teams
e Project management—Supervised development of business pitches and projects
* Coordinated events and competitions
* Collaborated with colleagues to evaluate projects
e Faculty supervisor in robotics workshop: Guided innovation using Arduino and Raspberry Pi as well as modeling in Lego Mindstorms
e Administrated resources in CITT, including computer equipment and modeling equipment
e Participated in process of university accreditation by administrating alumni survey to improve educational services and vocational support
e Excellent written and oral communication skills

* Coached students on public speaking and presentation skills.

IT and Data Support Specialist, 2006 - 11/2015
Leoncio Pino Vergara Calefaccién — City, STATE
¢ Collected data around every transaction and turned it into tools that helped users.
* Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.
« Ensured proper installation of cables, operating systems and software.
e Trained users in the proper use of hardware or software.
e Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.
* Identified and corrected performance issues.
* Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops.
¢ Produced customized Excel spreadsheets for normalized data entry.
e Entered and normalized legacy data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.
e Added new material to file records and created new records.
e Assisted with receptionist duties, file organization and research and development.
¢ Provided remote technical support using tools such as TeamViewer.
e Web and email administration and support (CPanel)

* Customize, patience, customer service

IT Specialist and Training Facilitator, 02/2009 - 11/2015
Lontué Capacitacién — City, STATE
¢ Collected data around every transaction and turned it into tools that helped users.
* Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.
e Ensured proper installation of cables, operating systems and software.
e Trained users in the proper use of hardware or software.
e Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.
¢ Identified and corrected performance issues.
e Set up staff workstations with PCs. Macs, phones and laptops.
e Provided remote technical support using tools such as Team Viewer.
© Web and email administration and support using CPanel.
e Planned and facilitated 10-hour training courses on Excel

IT Consultant, 05/2009 - 05/2011
Corporacién Innovarte — City, STATE
¢ Conceptualized, planned and executed original designs for a wide range of website properties.
e Worked closely with social media team on WordPress blogs and social media marketing.
e Designed print and marketing initiatives for all website properties.
* Created reusable processes, components and tools that leveraged into "Biblioteca Libre" project, accelerating development progress.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science and Software Engineering, 2010
Universidad Nacional Andrés Bello - Santiago, Chile

Associate of Applied Science: Computer Technician, 1998
Liceo Comercial Alberto Widmer - Santiago, Chile