MARIA TANNER, Ph.D.

ee

Data Scientist | Quantitative Analyst
Providing data-driven, action-oriented solutions to challenging business problems

Business"minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via data
analytics and advanced data-driven methods. Relied on as a key advisor in driving global. multibillion-
dollar growth: gains in customer loyalty: and record-setting profit improvements.

EXPERTISE
Data and Quantitative Analysis Big Data Queries and Interpretation
Decision Analytics Data Mining and Visualization Tools
Predictive Modeling Machine Learning Algorithms
Data-Driven Personalization Business Intelligence (BI)
KPI Dashboards and BPI Plans |. Research, Reports and Forecasts

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC_LINC. (Subscriber-based provider of streaming digital movies and TV)
Data Scientist, 2015 to Present | Sr. Analyst, 2011 to 2015 | Research Associate, 2008 to 2011

Furnish executive leadership team with insights, analytics, reports and recommendations enabling effective
strategic planning across all business units. distribution channels and product lines.

> Developed intricate algorithms based on deep-dive statistical analysis and predictive data modeling that
were used to deepen relationships, strengthen longevity and personalize interactions with customers.

> Analyzed and processed complex data sets using advanced querying. visualization and analstics tools.

Identified. measured and recommended improvement strategies for KPIs across all business areas.

Quantifiable results:

Achieved an 87% renewal rate (15% above goal) in 2017.
Boosted market share by 16%, customer satisfaction by 25% and mobile users by 350% in 2017.

Teaching Appointments: Teach undergraduate and graduate level courses in statistics and economics
as an adjunct faculty member at ABC University (2014 to Present) and XYZ University (2011 to 2014).

EDUCATION
ABC UNIVERSITY | Ph.D. im Statistics | MA in Behavioral Economics
XYZ UNIVERSITY | BS in Mathematics, Mimor in Computer Science
Or NOTE

Data and Analytics Tools/Languages: Sparl:. SparkR, R, Python. Scala, Hive. SQL, SAS, Tableau. SPSS.
Hadoop. Stata, Google Analytics. Amazon Web Services

Publications and Presentations: Available at mariatannerphdportfolio.com