ROBERT SMITH
Volunteer Data Scientist

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMIARY

Have hands on experience in writing MapReduce jobs using Java, Managing Single node and Malti node
Cluster Configurations. Writing Pig Latin scripts and pig commands, Configuring Zoo Keeper, Cassandra &
Flume to the existing hadoop cluster, Experience in building predictive models using machine leaming
techni ques. Performed importing and exporting data into HDPS and Hive using Sqoop, Hive queries.

SKILLS

Python, Matlab, Git, Duta Analysis, Data Mining, Machine Leaming, C++, Latex, Java, Scala, HTML,
Hadoop, SQL.

WORK EATHARUENGI

Volunteer Data Scientist
ABC Corponition - January 2015 — May 2015

» Analyzed MTA subway data and New York City census data to determine traffic flows and
demogniphic patterns of New York City.
Used Beautiful Soup to scrape publicly available movie data to better understand the relationship
between box office perfonnance and distribution company.
Using sci-kit leam, ran linear regression and built a model of box office performance.
Based on model, identified two distribution companies whose revenue outperformed peers.
Used matplotlib and reveal. js to communicate results of research.
Project McNulty Setup SQL datuhase on cloud server, storing clients data for query analysis,
Used Pythons scikit-learn library to understand details of client telemarketing campaign.

Data Scientist
ABC Corponition - 2010-2015

Created multiple projects including |,

PLANT LEAP SPECIES CLASSIFICATION Built artificial neural networks to conectly classify
plant leaf species using binary images and a probabilistic frimewark of margin, shape, and texture
features,

Technologies used Python, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Keras 2.

CUSTOMER POTENTIAL PREDICTION Created a clussification model that identities customers
with the highest potential business value based on their characteristics and activities,
Technologies used Python, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, XGboost 3.

MOBILE USER DEMOGRAPHICS CLASSIFICATION Built a model to predict users
demogmphic characteristics based on their upp usage, geolocation, and mobile device properties.
Technologies used Python, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Keras.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwakreime.com, [sags Guldsfines