Robert Smith

Database Manager/Administrator

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Utilize skills In office management and collaboration with colleagues to
advance the goals of the educational institution.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Database Manager/Ad ministrator

ABC Corporation -

December 2000 - May 2004

Re sponsibilities:

Troubleshoot and resolved database problems for end users.

Created user IDs, passwords, and access privileges.

Key decision maker regarding new database software purchased.
Conducted testing of upgraded versions of database software prior to
end-user release.

Installed software at Individual workstations.

Served as a liaison between the software company and all end-users.
Downloaded monthly exports into the company website.

Database Manager

ABC Corporation -

1997 - 2000

Re sponsibilities-

Responsible for Donor data entry, processing 30 to 40 gifts per day to
include stock, checks, cash and in kind gifts,

Produced gift acknowledgements, tributes and generated reports within
The Raisers Edge database.

Used exported database Information Into various Microsoft products to
accelerate gift acknowledgement and error checking,

Managed various duties at Fundraising events.

Managed several banking accounts, or-line donations, employee giving
and balanced accounts at months end.

Streamlined gift processing for large events by manipulation of
database results coupled with exporting data to Excel changing the
time to enter and process gifts from 3 days to 4 hours,

Maintained organized filing systern of all donor related docurnentation
for auditing purposes..

Education
AA.S. in Business - 1974(McHenry County College- Crystal Lake IL)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
SysAid, Rernote Desktop,
VNC,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)