Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website > www. qwikre sume, com

Database Manager Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Experienced business professional with 16 years’ In Information Technology ranging frorn
applications developer to report designer to systems manager to database administrator as well
as college instructor among other roles. Recognized for the ability to support high level strategic
chaps ie and convey cornplex IT challenges in a clear and concise manner across multiple
ndustries.

SKILLS

Career Readiness Certificate, CDL, Forklift Operator, CPR And First Aide Certified,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Database Manager
ABC Corporation - September 2007 - April 2009

* Identified user meeds to create and administer databases.

* Ensured that the database operated efficiently and without error,
* Backed up and restored data to prevent loss,

* Ensured that organizational data was secured.

* Made and tested modifications to the database structure.

* Recrulted/trained groups and individuals to work the events.

» Conducted inventory for cost effective ordering.

Database Manager
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2007

* Developed Filernaker solutions for a television production company specializing in reality
programming producing between 10 and 20 different shows at any given time,

* Developed a core contact management database integrated with modules for media library
Inventory and check out system video equipment inventory scheduling and checkout system
talent management and on-screen release forms time code based notes systern.

* General database management, In house tech support, and Implernentation of new feature
requests,

+ Built a modular solution with an eye toward future development and ease of integration Into
the existing core systern,

+ Upgraded and redesigned the companys Filernaker 10 platform In FMP13 Scrubbed ¢urrent

records of duplicates, corrupt records, and bad data Designed new systern that encourages

gacd data entry habits and traps cormmon data entry errors before they are cornmitted,
reated a series of video tutorials for the Holidays Gifts/Invitations solution.

+ Skills Used Filemaker Pro/Adv/Go/Server 10, 12, 13 MS Excel Final Cut Pro Light HTML, CSS
(some experience here, but not an expert),

EDUCATION

Continuing Education - 2009(Gaston College - Dallas, NC)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings