Peter Smith

324 Spring
hac n mga NY. wag
(212) 4st-aq14
Peteramith grail com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AMS SYSTEMS, New York, NY
Database Administrator I], Jun 2003 — present

.

Approve, sebedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new products vod improvements to

computer systems such as the installation of new databases.

Develop data model describing data elements and how they are used, following procedures and using pen,

template or compater software.

Develop methods for integrating different products so they work peoperly together such as customizing,

commercial dutubases to fit specific needs.

on existing databases and datubese management systems or direct programmers and analysts to make

mges.

Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguant information tn computer flee against

accidental or unauthorized damage. modification or disclosure.

terete part of project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope und
imitations.

‘Test programs or databases, correet errors and make necessary modifications.

Write and code logical and physical datwbase descriptions aad specify identifiers of database to management

system or direct others in coding descriptions.

‘Tram asers and answer questions.

Database Administrator], Jan 2001 — Jum 2008

Establish and calculate optimum values for detabase parameters, using manuals and calculator,

Review procedures in datebese management system manuals for making changes to database,

Review workflow charts developed by programmer analyst to anderstand tasks computer will perform, sach
as updating records,

Specify users and user access levels for each segment of databove.

Identify and evaluate industry treads in database syste ms to serve as a source of Information and advice for
upper management.

Review project requests deseribing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish
project.

EDUCATION
New Yor’. Gity. Colles New York, NY United States

chelor of Science in Database Achruiristration, May 2000

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Backup or archival software — Acronis Recovery Expert, BMC Cotlog Manager, BMC Recovery Manager
RMAN

Data hase reporting software — Oracle Reports, rack SQL Loader, Orack SQL Plus, ReCrystallize Crystal
Reports

Object oriented data base management software — IBM Informix, PostgreSQL soltwure
Syste ma and date disaster mcovery software — VERITAS NetBackup
Clustering software — Cluster server software, Oracle Real Application Cluster RAC

Data hase management system software — BMC Change Manager, £ mbarcadero Technologies DBArtisan,
IBM DB2, Microsoft SOL Server, MySQL sollware, Oracle DBMS, Oracle Enterprise Manager

Database cloning software — Hewlett-Packard HP Omniback [1, [BM ADSTAR, Legato NetWorker
Data base user interface and query software — Database query langage, Structured query language SQL

314 Sprng Meedow Lans New Tork, HY 10003 «21294561414 per anth#Pgmnil com