PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION ©

ADDITIONAL ©

INFORMATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Friendly and enthusiastic professional educator with skills in assessing and improvising the talents of
pedagogical learners. First-rate coordination. time management, and problem-solving abilities. Strengths in
providing individualized coaching and using observation and data to identify potential learning needs.
Experienced Teacher of college and high school sciences including biology, chemistry, anatomy/physiology,
and microbiology. Uses teacher-student relational capacity to keep students engaged and involved in their
learning process. Provides flexible instructional programs creating positive class environment favorable to
student learning and personal growth.

« Staff Development e Differentiated instruction
« Student engagement e Technology integration
« Educational leadership e Educational research
« Instructional design e Curriculum Development
HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE TEACHER 08/2017 to CURRENT

Nogales Unified School District | Nogales, AZ

e School leadership team member

e General Biology for sophomores

e Dual enrollment Anatomy/Physiology (Bio 160) for juniors and seniors

e Curriculum development and implementation for Arizona Science Standards related to biology,
chemistry, physics, and anatomy/physiology.

e Inspired academic success based on belief that all students can achieve excellence, regardless of
background.

e Maintained assignment grades and worked closely with students needing additional mentoring.

e Understood critical development years for adolescent minds and structured lessons to meet cognitive
abilities.

e Diversified teaching techniques and learning tools help students with diffJessicag ability levels and
varied learning modalities.

e Leveraged diverse learning strategies to prepare students for higher-level education requirements.

e Coordinated and collaborated with other faculty members during lesson plan development including
technology integration.

e Provided student academic support outside class time to improve learning and performance.

AVD SITE COORDINATOR AND ELECTIVE TEACHER 05/2012 to CURRENT
South Carolina Job Board | Mount Pleasant, SC

e Recruited over 15 volunteers to assist with various events, including fundraising and community
outreach.

e Identified community resources and networked with local officials to coordinate.

e Scheduled staff and volunteers to cover all necessary duties during planned events.

e Coordinated site investigations, documented issues and escalated to executive teams as needed.

e Collected, evaluated and modeled collected data.

e Collaborated with district AVID professionals to achieve success in the AVID program and school wide
system.

ADOUNCT BIOLOGY INSTRUCTOR 01/2015 to CURRENT
Coconino Community College | City, STATE

e Established positive and encouraging relationship with students and helped to foster appreciation for
biology and the health care field.

e Curriculum development and implementation for the following courses: o Human Anatomy and
Physiology (Bio 201 and 202) o Microbiology (Bio 205) o Cell Biology (Bio 181).

e Developed materials for laboratory activities and course materials, including homework assignments,
kinesthetic activities and meta-cognition tools to facilitate learning.

e Diversified teaching techniques and learning tools help students with diffJessicag ability levels and
varied learning modalities.

8T© GRADE SCIENCE TEACHER 08/2011 to 05/2017
Page Unified School District | City, STATE

e Demonstrated positive and effective classroom management skills.

« Communicated with students and parents regarding academic progress, assignments and behavior.

e Leveraged diverse learning strategies to prepare students for higher-level education requirements.

e Taught biology, chemistry, and physics subject matter to more than a 120 students on information
compiled from multiple sources, including textbooks, online sites, G suite, and other educational
materials.

e Planned, prepared and taught lesson plans, giving students individual support.

e Diversified teaching techniques and learning tools help students with diffJessicag ability levels and
varied learning modalities.

e Demonstrated willingness to accept feedback and make corrections based on advice from peers,
parents and principal.

e Assessed submitted class assignments, determined grades and reviewed work with struggling students
to boost success chance.

e Provided student academic support outside of class time to improve learning and performance.

e Understood critical development years for adolescent minds and structured lessons to meet cognitive
abilities.

e Coordinated and collaborated with other faculty members during lesson plan development.

Master of Science | Biology, Cellular/Molecular
University Of Northern Colorado, Greeley, CO
¢ Majored in biology
e Coursework in cellular/molecular biology, education and pedagogy, and laboratory research in the area
of CYP3a and Cytochrome P450.
e Professional development completed in multiple areas of science through weekly seminars based on
current primary research.
e Graduated with 3.2 GPA

Ba-helor of Science | Biology, Secondary Education
University Of Northern Colorado, Greeley, CO

e« Received Cross Family Scholarship

e« Received Newton Morasco Foundation Research Grant
« Dean's List fall and spring of 2008 and 2009

e Graduated with 3.4 GPA

e Participated in graduate level research with CYP3a

e Highly trained in the PLC process and RTI through Solution Tree.

e Highly trained in Corwin's PLC Plus and Teacher Clarity.

« Highly trained in AVID methodology: Implementation for Middle and High School, Academic Language
and Literacy, Reading for Disciplinary Literacy, Leadership for Advancing, Leadership for AVID
Schoolwide, Culturally Relevant Teaching: EmpowJessicag Students and Transforming Educators, and
Learning through Writing: A Schoolwide Approach.

e Participant in ADE's Project Elevate training with my district.

« Certified Biology Teacher, grades 6-12 - expires 2032
e AVID Trainer, AVID
« Google Certified Level 1 Educator