SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND (©)

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hardworking and reliable health informatics professional with strong ability in health information system
improvement. Offering solid background in data science and health informatics and . Highly organized,
proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

« Data Management e Enterprise Information Architecture
« Database Management and Administration e« Security Protocols
« Business Requirements Gathering e Deep Learning
« Information Systems Management e Statistical Analysis
« Microsoft SQL e Information Classification
« Data Analytics e Patient Data Abstracts
DATA SCIENCE FELLOW 08/2022 to CURRENT

Fhi 360 | Washington, DC

e Conduction business process analysis to define requirement for redesign of mortality surveillance
system in Zambia.

« Conduction of systematic desk review to assess mortality surveillance systems as well as identify
mortality data sources in developing countries to make recommendation for data integration and
interoperability of siloed health information systems in Zambia

¢ Development of guidance for mortality surveillance data dashboard to inform near real time decision
making in developing countries

e Used statistical R software to analyze and process large data sets.

e Built compelling data stories and visualizations using R to influence decision makers.

¢ Built collection, analysis and reporting frameworks from scratch and devised techniques for maximizing
system usefulness.

e Applied data reduction and exploratory analysis techniques to manage large amounts of data.

e Conduction of interoperability assessment to identify barriers faced by jurisdictions in the United States
of America in exchanging Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) based data between the
electronic death registration system at the jurisdictional level and National Vital Statistics System at the
CDC National Center for Health Statistics

DACA MANAGER AND ANALYST 11/2019 to 06/2022
Fhi 360 | Durham, NC

e Created procedures for data sharing and managed incoming and outgoing data files.

e Managed data gatekeeping by receiving information. translating and overseeing documents within file
management system.

e Documented work processes, project initiation, production and updates to assist creation of change
management policies.

e Resolved information access issues, troubleshooting to improve internal data entry and access.

e Assisted with upholding and fortifying digital security systems to protect valuable and confidential
information.

e Analyzed workflows and established priorities for daily operations.

e Detected and resolved data quality issues and discrepancies for integrity and quality control.

e Wrote python scripts and processes for data integration and bug fixes.

e Partnered with project management teams on development of scope and timelines.

e Identified data anomalies and worked with business units to perform root cause analysis and resolve
issues.

e Developed predictive models using machine learning, natural language and statistical analysis methods
using pyhton and R.

MCNITORING AND EVALUATION SPECIALIST 07/2020 to 02/2022
Corteva, Inc. | College Station, TX

e Collaborated with program and senior teams to develop critical qualitative and quantitative data
collection methodologies.

e Supervised data collection, data quality, analysis, evaluation and dissemination for research projects.

¢ Strategized with leadership to improve decision-making and deliver recommendations for successful
program, policy and planning.

e Evaluated program service delivery operations, goals and impact on portfolios with surveys and
assessments.

e Analyzed and reported statistics to support budget development and program evaluation.

e Synthesized learning and insights from research and evaluation into reports for delivery to key
stakeholders.

e Trained project and field staff members in evaluation, data collection, analysis and reporting strategies.

e Documented research findings and prepared polished reports highlighting results and potential
improvement strategies.

e Led valuation, due diligence and contracting as part of acquisition process.

MCNITORING AND EVALUATION SPECIALIST 01/2078 to 12/2018
University Research Co., LLC, URC | City, STATE

e Collected, tracked and evaluated current business and project implementation trend data.

e Researched and led investigations into various areas to drive improvements and devise new processes.

e Performed research and analyzed content of records to make informed decision.

e Conducted record searches and coordinated with other units on procedural problems involving complex
cases.

e Devised new and improved records management programs to organize and protect data.

e Performed research and analyzed content of records to make disclosure determinations.

e Evaluated internal systems and prepared training initiatives to mitigate ongoing problems.

e Documented research findings and prepared polished reports highlighting results and potential
improvement strategies.

e Participated in frequent staff meetings to add strategic perspective to day-to-day conversations and
programming decisions.

SEQIOR BIOSTATISTICIAN 09/2012 to 12/2018
Ghana Health Service | City, STATE

e Monitored statistical programmer outputs and provided quality control by validating statistical models.

e Compiled lists, calculated figures and generated data tables to present statistical findings for public
health programs.

e Drafted statistical sections of study protocols outlining information such as rationale, objectives, design
and methodology.

e Created study designs by selecting appropriate statistical methodologies.

e Determined sample size based on pre-specified level of statistical power.

e Conducted exploratory data analysis to summarize characteristics of data and presented to scientific
team.

e Devised programs to produce analysis datasets with graphs, tables, queries and targeted reports.

e Supported diagnostic test development by reviewing data and performing statistical analysis.

e Responded to clinical team needs and questions regarding study-specific reports and deliverables.

e Prepared complex datasets using R Software statistical software, SQL databases and Power BI for
graphics creation.

e Communicated study results to stakeholders in easy-to-comprehend terminology.

Master of Science | Public Health Epidemiology 12/2018
University of Ghana, Accra

Mister of Science | Applied Statistics 11/2018
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science And Technology, Kumasi, Ghana

Ba helor of Science | Health Informatics 05/2012
Catholic University of Ghana, Sunyani