Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Certified Microsoft SOL Server database administrator (DBA) with five years of professional experience that sustains and develops
different business systems in using Microsoft technologies. Versatile engagements in development, testing and production

environment with overwhelming successes in accomplishing individual and team projects, is seeking for Database Administrator

Position.
Skills
¢ Backup/Restore T-SQL Scripting, PowerShell, CMD ¢ Email, Troubleshoot
e Database Performance tuning Cloud computing Azure (IaaS) ¢ E-mail, Troubleshooting
¢ Design and implement SQL Jobs. Create Databases and e Features, Upgrade
Database Objects e Linux, Validation
¢ Database Refresh Install/upgrade/Migration SQL Server e Managing
e Database High availability Managing database security (login, »* Meetings
user) e Access
e SQLServer 2008 © Excel
e 2012/2014, 2016, 2017, 2019 e Windows
e Reporting Tools: Excel 2007, SSRS 2008/2012, Integration ¢ Window
Services: SSIS 2008/2012/2016 ¢ Migration

¢ Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008 2012, 2016, Linux e Network
Programming Languages: T-SQL, PowerShell (PowerShell) e OS

e Third-Party Tools: Idera, Jira,Salesforce, service now e Operating Systems
° Ad, Scripts ° DBA

e Automation, Scripting e DB

¢ Backup, Shipping e Processes

¢ Capacity planning, SLA ¢ Programming

¢ Clustering, MSSQL ¢ Reporting

* Database, SQL e Servers

e Databases, SOL Server
¢ Designing, SQLServer
e Disaster Recovery, Statistics

e Documentation, T-SOL

Experience

SQL Database Administrator, 10/2020 to Current
Accenture Contractor Jobs — Havre De Grace, MD
e Ensure Database are performing within their expected performance baselines.
¢ Monitor and schedule database backups per Operational Guidelines.
¢ Proactively monitor and action DB alerts.
¢ Configured and maintain database High Availability Features (Failover Clustering, Replication, Always on Availability group).
¢ Designing, building, and maintenance of cloud environments in Azure, utilize IaaS, Pass, and SaaS Cloud Service model in
Microsoft Azure.
e Assist team with Migration from on-premises to on Azure, IaaS.
e Managing SQL Server Databases both on-prem and Azure using (IaaS) for production environment.
¢ Collaborate with other architecture teams ie.
¢ Applications, Network, Database, Infrastructure, Security, etc.
e Perform ad-hoc backups and restores.
e Sanitize data before handing over the temporary restores.
e Restore backups from Production systems periodically and validate RPO and RTO SLA’s are met.
¢ Maintain and administer DB access for users and applications.
¢ Revoke unused access periodically.
¢ Monitor DB growth pattern and provide inputs for capacity planning.
¢ Excellent in Performance Tuning including monitoring, troubleshooting, and optimizing performance of the databases as well as
high availability service.
e 24X 7 Production Database on Call Support.

SQL Database Administrator, 11/2016 to 10/2020
Accenture Contractor Jobs — Hines, IL
e Every day Checks OS Events Logs and SQL Server Logs for unusual events,.
¢ Verifying that all scheduled jobs have run successfully.
¢ Regularly monitor and identify blocking issues, disk space usage,.
¢ Created SQL Server alerts to notify the potential problems and have sent an e-mail to the operators.
¢ Regularly restoring backups to test server in order to verify that I can restore them.
¢ Performed Always on High Availability Group on Window failover cluster failover window in MSSQL server.
e Used DBCC to check and manage database consistency, index fragmentation, and statistics.
e Wrote T-SQL, Stored-Procedures and Functions, triggers.
¢ Work with vendors in evaluating and implementing new technologies.
¢ Maintain SOL Servers in a Clustered Environment, including initial installation.
e Assisted SOL developers to optimize SQL queries create Stored Procedures and Triggers.
e Created and Managed users, roles, schemas security at objects level.
e Automated Database tasks (Created jobs, alerts, and schedules for database maintenance tasks).
e Deployed Databases in Test, Dev, and to the Production environment.
¢ Participate in on-call rotation, Attended daily, weekly, and release planning meetings.
¢ Identified bottlenecks related to database, query, and server performance issues from slow running.
¢ Resolve deadlocks, blocking/locking conflicts stemming from high resource utilization.
¢ Troubleshoot application connectivity issues in availability groups.

Database Administrator, 04/2015 to 10/2016
Northstar Financial Services Group Llc — Bothell, WA
¢ Configured and maintained Log Shipping.
¢ Follow Microsoft best practices for configuring and operating SQL Server.
¢ Properly maintain Backup and Recovery methods.
¢ Support SQL Database Operational of Developers and Business users.
¢ Configured and maintain High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for MSSQL Server.
¢ Implementing automation of reoccurring DBA tasks.
¢ Good communication and documentation skills for processes and procedures.
¢ Knowledgeable of Performance tuning at the server and SQL Server database and Query level.
¢ Provide database production support of critical systems including backup recovery.
¢ Designed and Developed SQL scripts to validate data.
¢ Prepared Test data for various validation rules check.
¢ Extensively used SQL to test backend functionality.
¢ Troubleshooting various problems that arise in a day to day work and Fix the issue monitoring.
e SOL Server Error logs and checking email Alerts.

Education and Training

Bachelor: Information Technology, 2011

BIT
MARYAM University

Certifications

¢ MCSA: Microsoft Certified Solution Associate

* Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator Trainings:
¢ Training on database High availability

¢ Training on Database Performance tuning

e Training on Azure Platform