JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

As an ambitious professional with problem-solving proficiency and extensive senior level experience, I thrive in high-pressure and fast-paced
situations, striving for positive results by applying my advanced, theory based, research skills and multi-program leadership abilities.
Furthermore, I possess expertise in statistical modeling, quantitative analyses, and acumen for maximizing performance and inspiring
colleagues. I am able to visualize success and identify unconventional yet highly effective strategies for achieving it. I have skillfully
balanced organizational objectives and productive relationships, strategizing. and recommending ways in which to achieve and maintain a
competitive edge. I am passionate about psychological phenomenon present in social environments, and contexts in which such phenomena
can be researched and evaluated, experimentally and non-experimentally.

EMPLOYMENT HIsTORY

Research Scientist, Social Science, 03/2021 - 04/2022
Department Of Health And Human Services — Los Angeles, CA
* Conduct advanced analytical research and statistical analysis with expertise in predictive modeling, data mining, and machine learning
methodologies.
¢ Constructing and distributing short-term forecasts used in the development of the Judiciary's budget submission to Congress.
¢ Developing long-range forecasts aiding in policy and program management using data-oriented techniques and relevant software.
« Responding to questions from business users concerning the budget and program forecasts.
« Responding to complex data inquiries from the Judiciary, the Executive and Legislative Branches, academic domains, and the general
public.
* Created various Excel documents to assist with pulling metrics data and presenting information to stakeholders for concise explanations

of best placement for needed resources.

Senior Analyst, 07/2019 - 03/2021
Motion Recruitment — Sacramento, CA

e Provide analytical support to multiple academic programs by identifying risks and opportunities to each program's recruiting and
retention efforts.
Develop tactical (short-term) and strategic (long-term) action plans to mitigate risks and capitalize on opportunities for further growth,
scalability, and efficiency.
Forecast admission's recruitment "goals" to be used in budget allocation for upcoming semesters.

Conduct and oversee research and evaluation through A’B test experimental designs to determine effectiveness and impact of programs.
Answer questions about program and policy performance trends and provide additional analysis identifying potential root causes for
those trends.

Use reporting tools (1.e. Tableau, Salesforce) to develop, improve, and maintain reports that measure KPIs and team productivity.
Leverage available data and technical tools to assist with Admissions and Student Success adherence to standard business processes and
best practices.

Provide analytical support for ad-hoc department-wide projects.

Support operations of Salesforce CRM, and assist in implementation and compliance of new sales processes and technology

enhancements necessary to maximize efficiency of business operations.

Construct formal reports, presentations, training materials and various correspondence on research findings .

Selected as an Exemplar Course Subject Matter Expert (S-M_E_) in quantitative analyses

Led development of the "Persistence Framework" and "Sticky Data" project to better understand social factors related to retention and
performance.

Lead Contributor of Driving Diversity through Use of Data Initiative using data to illuminate disparities and improve diversity and
inclusion for minority populations.

Conducted team trainings on statistical programming software such as R Studio .
e Related Skills: Salesforce, Tableau, SQL, R Studio, Microsoft Suite

Principal Researcher, 08/2014 - 03/2021
The Npd Group — Greensboro, NC
e Design and program human laboratory experiments investigating relationship between colorism and trait perceptions, effects of
ostracism, and measuring student outcomes.
e Validate incoming data to check accuracy and integrity of information while independently locating and correcting concerns.
e Analyze data using advanced quantitative techniques.
¢ Develop macros, special formulas and other actions to produce reliable and consistent statistical reviews.
e Design and implementation of survey instruments such as questionnaires to obtain study information.
e Apply advanced methodological principles to experimental design.
¢ Interpret data and make recommendations from findings.
e Gather, arrange and correct research data to create visualizations such as representative graphs and charts highlighting results.
¢ Help team meet regulatory requirements by coordinating documentation and filings.
e Understood, interpreted and mediated human resources inquiries to support administration of human resources policies, procedures and
programs.
e Related Skills: R, SPSS. SPSS-PROCESS., Microsoft Suite

Lead Teaching Assistant (Statistics I & Statistics I), 07/2015 - 07/2019
Howard University — City, STATE
e Lecture undergraduate psychology majors on research methods and advanced quantitative techniques for 8-10 hours per week.
¢ Teach student how to conduct statistical analyses on SPSS and R.
e Prepare lessons according to course outline to convey all required material and deepen student understanding of subject matter.
e Advise student during office hours.
¢ Conducted clerical tasks such as grading all class materials and managing Blackboard learning system.
¢ Providing one-on-one consultations to students on research projects.
e Maintained atmosphere of academic learning and advancement to facilitate learning and development of critical thinking skills.

Senior Principal, 05/2022 - Current
Company Name — City, State

SKILLS

e Evaluation © Forecasting
e Analyzing Data e Arima x13
e Technical Understanding e NEWSTATS
e Statistical Methods * Oracle Business Intelligence
« SQL e Knowledge of Business Operations
« R Studio e Analytics program experience
¢ SPSS * Data Modeling
« NVIVO ¢ Budgeting
¢ Tableau e Client Management

EDUCATION

PhD.: Social Psychology, 05/2021
Howard University - Washington, DC
Dissertation: Investigating Modern Colorism - The Impacts of Manipulated Skin Tone, Attractiveness and the Gender and Race of Targets and
Judges on Perceived Traits and Characteristics and Their Possible Mediating Mechanisms.
¢ Summa Cum Laude
e GPA: 3.91
¢ Specialization in Quantitative Analyses
¢ Recipient of Congressional Black Caucus Scholarship
e Awarded Congressional Black Caucus Research Conference travel grants
¢ Professional development completed in Research Ethics and Compliance
e Professional development completed in Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, 12/2013
East Carolina University - Greenville, NC
« Graduated Magna Cum Laude
¢ Graduated with 3.84 GPA
e Minored in Sociology
¢ Member of Psi Chi, Alpha Kappa Delta, and Gamma Phi Beta Honor Societies
¢ Recipient of Congressional Black Caucus Scholarship
¢ Recipient of Miss Black & Gold Pageant Alpha Phi Alpha Scholarship