JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

I am an enthusiastic teacher, and I strive to empower my students through challenging. engaging lessons. I am seeking a part-time position
that enables me to contribute my skills and abilities in the field of education in math and/or science. I would like to make a positive impact on
children by instilling in them curiosity and self-respect while equipping them with the tools they need to be effective learners and leaders.

SKILLS

¢ Strong communication skills e Student engagement

e Enthusiastic, facilitates a joy for learning e Classroom management
Work History

08/2018 to Current Grammar Science and STEM Teacher
Arma Dei Academy — City, STATE

e Teach Earth Science, Introduction to Chemistry, and STEM to Ist -
4th grade.

e Restructured strategies of instruction to accommodate distance
learning, including video lessons, recordings, hands-on activities,
demonstrations, and tutoring.

e Guide students through the engineering design process to plan,
design, and create cross-curricular STEM projects including
catapults, Roman aqueducts, and shadufs.

¢ Developed and implemented a STEM camp for 2nd - 6th graders,
incorporating the engineering design process to design and build
various projects.

e Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet
students' varying needs and interests, including teaching advanced math and work alongside students with
personalized learning plans.

e Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of
instruction, demonstration, hands-on learning, and independent
work time that provides students with opportunities to observe,

question, and investigate.

08/2010 to 02/2016 3rd - 5th Grade Teacher (Math / Science Focus)
Broomwood Hall Prep — City, STATE
e Responsible for teaching core subjects with a focus in math and science to upper years.
e Tutored students for 11+ exam preparations to attend London day schools.
Developed skills in classroom management, differentiation,
working with high ability pupils and pupils with varying special
needs.
e Ran after-school clubs,
including an Art club and Photography club.
e Led a team of teachers to run one of four school houses.

e Directed yearly class performance for parents and students.

06/2009 to 09/2014 Children's Pastor - Co-Leader Volunteer
Hillsong Church London — City, STATE

e Led and planned weekly teaching for Children's Church ages
1-11.

e Assisted in overseeing team of volunteers who together planned
and put on Children's Conference of 500+ preschool and
elementary aged children, as well as overnight summer camps.

e Oversaw teaching team in Child Protection Training.

¢ Helped to oversee 50+ volunteers to serve in Children's Church

on a weekly basis.

EpucaTIon
2010 Post-Graduate Certificate in Education : Qualified Teacher Status

Brunel University - London
2009 Bachelor of Science: Family And Child Sciences

Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL

e Awarded: Magna Cum Laude

CERTIFICATIONS

Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) England