ATRIYA MAJUMDAR

SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST
SUMMARY EXPERIENCE
Competunt data scientist with 2 years of expetence Dat

developing & ade fange Of imowaive applications lhe
Creat Card Fraud Detection, Stock Sentiment Anatyas
Model, and Customer support syatern.

Ability to use (data) stabstce and machine marning for
finding complex data pathenss that drive maaningtut
impact on the business.

Data scence prfessmnal adept a developing analye
models to process faw data for Mectitying product

serrimments as pall of enhancing customer satfaction

VOLUNTEERING

Stock Price Prediction

JP Morgan Asset Management - Florala

Sap 2075 - Sep 2016

Use the Sentinert Anatysis Aigorthens to understand
the stock sentiments.

Project. Twitter Seramart Analysis

Toots: NLTK. Python

Algorithms. Sentemnt Anaya

‘Stock Recommender Systems

JP Morgan Asset Management - Florida

dunt 2015 - Aug 2015
Recommender systerm have Becerne te moat popular
feature of the stock market We have developed a
artical intwlegint stock recommender ol using

the Deep Neural Networks and clasaiication algortiues
Toots: Python, skiaaen

Algoritis Ouep Neural Networks claesaifcation
aigertnns

Customer Support Systom

Data Scieetistsee 2015 - bday 2016

Customer support hat become a challenging job for
qwerty business We build 2 “customer support systert
fo address and suppon the needs of the customers.
Toots: OpenCy, Python

Algorithens: Carvotution Neural Network and otter
facial detection aigontnens

Scientist
PWC -Mow York Oct 2018 - Present
© To predet touse prices using time series anabysis
and houral networks
© Wertity factors That predict which employees mil
have Re best perfomance and wtich wil bereft
from a change in tha job posifon using machine

seaming.

© Designed the infornation architecture and model of
an organization’ assets

© Coordinated witt the stakehokters an project

progress.
© Involved i fe conanuoud enhancements ant
finding he best sokusien.

Data Scientist Consutamt

Wells Farge Asset Management - Florida

May 2016 - Sep 2078

© Predicting the Stock price using sentiment anatyas
fmodel

© Finding the stock market daly patterns and creating
a meaning! solution ib tw business.

© Wendling the Mull bagger stocks using mactine
fearing and Al

EDUCATION
Master of Computer Application
Cornell University - ithaca, New York
Sep 2017 - Sep 2018
Bachelor of Computer Science
Califoreda institute of Technology - California
Sep 2076 - Sep 2017