Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Data Scientist Intern Website : vow. qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

As a Data Scientist Intern, responsible for executing data driven solutions to increase
efficiency, accuracy and utility of internal data processing. and also creating data regression
models, implement action oriented solutions to cornplex business problerns,

SKILLS

Data Mining, Handling Pressure, Collaboration, Problern Solving Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Data Scientist Intern
ABC Corporation - June 2015 - August 2015

.

Conducted data regression analyses of relationship between company prices and industry
trends, achieving amore accurate prediction of perforrmance than previous years.

Utilized web scraping techniques to extract and organize cornpetitor data,

Updated company data warehousing techniques as data recall and segrnentation, resulting in
Increase usability for non-technical staff,

Modernized data streamlining process, resulting in a redundancy reduction,

Improved mining process, resulting In a15 % decrease in atime needed to infer Insights frarn
customer data used to develop marketing strategies.

Worked with research tearm to deyelop complex views and stored procedures that extract
pertinent information from database for their research.

Performed data manipulation, analysis, modeling and visualization on massive transaction
data with Impala, Python and R Collaborated with Business.

Data Scientist Intern
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2015

Visualization of final Maps In Arc-GiS and Tableau.

Main role in this internship is to evaluate the usage of different machine learning techniques
for the dernand forecast of different products and adjust the production,

Multivariate Linear and nonlinear regression techniques and classification techniques are
Implemented and their performance is evaluated in different contexts and scenarios,
Implementations are tested on data on Hadoop cluster using R, Spark MLib, Matlab and
Mahout.

Sharding technique Is used for the MySQL backend instances;

EMR Hadoop cluster is used for HBase,

Fine performance tuning was performance on both databases and frontend Recommendation
Systern for Netflix Movies (Python, sclkit-learm),

EDUCATION

Masters Degree

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings