SUMMARY

QUALIFICATIONS ©

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated educator seeking a Professional Development Specialist role to leverage 9 years of experience in
the education sector. Personable and communicative with exceptional relationship building skills. Well-versed
in developing and implementing educational programs to drive learning objectives and foster high-quality
learning environments.

e Innovative teaching methods e Reflection process understanding
« Student progress analysis e Personalized learning plans

e« Outstanding interpersonal abilities e Learning environment structures
e Goal-oriented and ambitious e Team collaboration

« Background in instructional planning

SCIENCE INSTRUCTIONAL COACH 12/2079 to 06/2020
Drug Information Association Inc | Hendersonville, NC

e Worked alongside the coaching and administrative team to support the school's screening, diagnostic.
progress monitoring, and outcome assessment program.

e Analyzed data and utilized results to guide instruction and develop intervention plans for individual
students and small groups.

e Support instructional staff with the development of standards-based lesson plans and interventions.

e Led trainings as requested by administration.

e Led weekly PLC meetings for each grade level.

e Mentored and supported teachers on classroom teaching practices using professional development
programs and instructional techniques training.

¢ Collaborated with staff members to develop skills and knowledge through development targeted
designs.

¢ Verified fair and effective assessment and instruction of each student by evaluating data gleaned from
diagnostic testing processes.

e —Liaised with other education professionals school and district levels to tailor instruction for the needs of
diverse learners.

DEIN 12/2018 to 12/2019
Council For Economic Opportunities In Greater Cleveland | Cleveland, OH

e Assumed the duties and responsibilities of the principal in his/her absence.

e Developed positive school climate by building effective communication within school.

e Displayed strong decision making abilities and confidence to staff and students.

e Reviewed standardized test results to assess student progress and academic performance.

e Assessed teaching and support staff and delivered exemplary development and instructional leadership
strategies improving capabilities and testing outcomes.

e Managed school administration operations and organized schedules, student registration processes
and class orientation sessions.

e Instructed teachers on classroom management, behavior and instructional strategies.

e Visited classrooms to evaluate teacher instructional techniques as part of annual evaluation cycle.

e Resolved various situations to cultivate strong student and parent relationships.

e Guided instruction by mentoring teachers to improve leadership and teaching effectiveness.

e Facilitated staff meetings to convey policy changes and hear employee input.

e Participated in school human resources initiatives including hiring, training, policy enforcement and
legal compliance for school employing over 70 staff members.

e Coordinated transportation of students to and from school and extracurricular functions.

e Interacted and liaised with building and district administrators to discuss budgeting, development of
curricula and student testing initiatives.

e Assisted in the development of a school-wide distance learning plan.

TECCHER 06/2013 to 07/2020
Choices In Learning Elementary Charter School | City, STATE

e Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.

e Assisted other teachers with developing classroom management techniques.

e Monitored student progress using exams and assignments to check for thorough understanding.

e Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.

e Supervised student interns.

e Mentored first year teachers.

e Adapted teaching methods and instructional strategies to promote learning in students of differing skill
levels.

e Encouraged positive self-esteem and mutual respect for others while instilling joy of learning and
discovery.

e Attended in-service training and professional development courses to stay on top of policy and
education changes.

e Tracked attendance, assignments, grades and class participation for students.

e Managed consistent, learning-focused classroom environments by establishing and communicating
clear objectives for students.

e Worked with parents, administrators and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling
students.

e Utilized various types of equipment and aids to enhance learning experience.

e Created lesson plans corresponding to yearly curriculum, incorporating broad variety of activities,
hands-on experiences, basic academic skills and opportunities for creativity.

e Referred to district standards to plan lessons and prepare students to take standardized assessments.

e Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic
performance.

Master of Education | Teacher Leadership 05/2017
University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL
Beohelor of Science | Elementary Education 05/2013

Certified Florida Educator, Grades K-6 Reading Endorsed Educator ESOL Endorsed Educator Certified to
mentor educators and pre-service educators Completed Youth Mental Health First Aid Training