JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated and Successful SQL Database Administrator with 7 years of experience in database development and production
environments. Areas of expertise include maintenance and security. Proactive in establishing backup and recovery processes and protocols to
protect and retain valuable company data. Average in [T-SQL] language. Have administered and provisioned SQL servers 2005, 2008, 2012,
2014, 2016,2017, and 2019 in Production, Test Development, and Clustered Environments. I am a Highly motivated self-starter with strong
interpersonal and persuasive communication, outstanding problem solving, and active listening skills. Having worked in several agile
environments as the only DBA and with teams. Experience spans: Installation and Configuration of SQL Server, Performance Tuning, High
Availability and Disaster Recovery/Disaster prevention, Database Refresh. SQL Server Upgrades and Patches, Active directory, and other
Windows server features.

SKILLS
¢ - Database Optimization e - SQL Server Reporting Services
¢ - Data Conversion and Migration e - Implementing Security Measures
e - Performance Tuning e - Backup and Restoration Procedures
e - SQL Automation e - Active Directory
e - Database Security ¢ - SQL & Windows Cluster Development
e - SQL Server HA and DR e - Complex Conflict Resolution
« - Team Building & Leadership e - T-SQL Writing Skill
e - Database Mirroring
Work History

01/2021 to Current SQL Server Database Administrator
Adt Security Services, Inc — Tempe, AZ

© Produced high-standard database solutions to meet stability, reliability, and performance metrics.

e Managed workload independently but collaborated with colleagues to complete larger-scale tasks in a distributed
team environment.

e Administered, supported, and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining
servers.

e Responded to and resolved all database access and performance issues.

© Oriented other database administrators on SQL Server management including upgrades and migration.

e Ensured databases adhere to corporate standards and policies, including database auditing.

e Installed and upgrade SQL Server 2012 or greater and, applied security fixes.

e SQL Server Profiler, Extended Events, Query Store and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA) for performance.

e In charge of Server Lease Replacement, Server Decommissioning for the entire Datacenter

* Management of Azure and services

e Provision of Azure databases, Managed Instances, elastic pools, and Azure VMs

¢ Performed Database Migration from an On-Premises SQL environment to Azure Database in the cloud

¢ Installed and configured MS SQL Server VM in Azure Database

e Build and configure Window Clusters for different HA Solutions

¢ Management of Azure and services

e Managed and reduced cost by effectively monitoring the databases elastic pool

© Used Azure Active Directory authentication, Temporal Tables

e Performed all day-to-day aspects of MS SQL database administration. Responsibilities include database design,
installation, configuration, upgrades, security, managing users and logins, performance monitoring and tuning,
database availability, backup, and recovery, troubleshooting and problem resolution.

e Configured High Availability Solution- Always On Cluster, Traditional Failover Clustering, Database Mirroring
and Log Shipping.

¢ Involved in ensuring data recovery, maintenance, and data integrity and space requirements for physical database.
Creating and Modifying Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, User-defined Functions and Triggers etc. as
requirement on SQL Server Environments.

02/2017 to 12/2020 MSSQL Database Administrator
Texas Department Of Criminal Justice — City, STATE

e Set up security and access profiles and procedures for database system administrators.

¢ Implemented MS SQL Cluster (Active/Passive & Active/Active)

e Created, administered & maintained SQL Server Databases for Production, Development, Test, and Staging
Environment for various groups such as Developer, QA, BA, and User.

¢ Managed security by defining roles and rights.

e Handled Fine-Tuning Operating System in coordination with Server and Network Administrator to utilize
maximum resources for Database and Applications.

¢ Monitored database server performance and if required go for tuning TSQL queries, Stored procedures.

¢ Configured database software, associated database tools, and performance monitoring software.

e Performed database/ infrastructure physical design, database upgrades & applied software patches to databases as
per application/client requirements.

* Developed & maintained scripts, utility jobs, or implement needed software for database maintenance.

e Implemented & managed database clustering, failover, and load balance technologies as per client requirements.

© Developed, tested & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy with client assistance.

¢ Monitored data activities such as database status, logs, space utilization, extents, Checkpoints, locks, and long
transactions.

e Suggested Application-level tuning changes for code, queries, and SQL objects that may not be performing up to
optimum database performance standards.

e Adhered to Change Control Procedures and developed & executed scripted change requests in accordance with
change control procedures.

03/2015 to 04/2017 Jr. SQL Server Database Administrator
Camtel Cameroon Inc. — City, STATE
© Use documented procedures to implement common fixes for production issues.
e Support portfolio of products using Microsoft SQL Server 2008 through 2016, standard and enterprise editions, and
installed on-premises and in the cloud.
e Use templates to apply data fixes and reports.
© Use Agile tools and ticketing systems as a queue for work.
¢ Use monitoring dashboards and alerting to address and communicate issues proactively.
e Able to judge when help 1s needed and escalate using provided incident response tools.
¢ Participate in database release management processes for development, testing, production environments, and an
array of products.
© Help identify documentation opportunities for senior staff.
e Review, update, and create quality documentation of processes and environments within the purview.
e Depending on the final schedule, may be expected to participate in an on-call rotation.
© Monitor performance of database systems resources and query throughput
© Optimize SQL Code as necessary
¢ Monitor and maintain database storage resources
¢ Monitor and maintain database maintenance plans for backups, index rebuild/defragment, and database statistics
¢ SQL Server Installation, Upgrades, Migrations and Configuration
e Install database software service packs and cumulative updates as necessary
e Maintain database documentation as required
¢ Maintain and administer database security access
e Perform database Ad-hoc backups and restores
¢ Trouble shoot and resolve database connectivity issues
¢ Follow Change Management processes to implement database configuration changes
¢ Follow Problem Management processes to troubleshoot and resolve recurring issues
e Proactively monitor and respond to MSSQL database Alerts.
e On-call requirements to ensure 24 x 7 support of database operations

EpucaTIon

01/2015 Certificate: Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator
KiawitechIT Academy - Tx

12/2006 Bachelor of Science
University of Buea - Cameroon

LANGUAGES
english: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Reference | Upon Request