JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

CAREER OVERVIEW

4 years of extensive experience in the areas of Manual Testing and Database Testing.
e Banking Operations (ICICI Bank Ltd) - 2.5 yrs of live working experience within Banks handling front end and back end operations from
Teller Fixed Deposits, Savings, Current, Forex, Gold deposits to Tax managements.
e Banking IT (NIIT Tech) - 2 years of extensive experience in Testing Banking software project including all the Banking operation system
from scratch. Client- SEI Investments
e Airlines (NIIT Tech) - 6 months of Airline domain experience that includes testing of complete Airline website. Client - British Airways
¢ Content Management (HCL Tech) - Worked 1.7 yrs in front end and back end of Content management tool that includes data migration

using sql queries. Client - Pearson Education

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

e Testing Tools Test Director, DCS, Amadeus, Sharepoint ¢ Project Document Preparation and updating of Business
* Bug Reporting Tools PVCS Tracker Requirement Document and Test Document
e Databases SQL server 2000, Oracle Database server e Environment WINDOWS 7/XP/ 2005/2000Work
¢ DB Tools SQL Server Management Studio, SQL plus, SQL
Loader, TOAD
Work EXPERIENCE

Test Engineer- Manual and Database, 04/2010 - 11/2011
HCL Technologies (Pearson Education) — City, STATE
e Manual Testing: Define and document test strategy, test plans, and test cases by evaluating functional and non-functional requirements
Identify, create, execute and manage test cases Manage the status of defects/enhancements in the change management system and provide
updates to the team on a regular basis Coordinate with other team members and vendor to accomplish testing goals Help troubleshoot
issues that arise during project lifecycle and operations Participate in meetings with the IT teams, business teams, and vendors to discuss
testing updates Create metrics/reports to capture test progress for projects and releases Communicate ideas and information tailored to the
style and needs of the audience (technical and non-technical) Handle testing efforts for multiple projects/releases concurrently Proactively
identify ways to improve testing processes and techniques Build strong and sustainable relationships with internal and external
stakeholders Identify quality risks and issues that impacts project deliveries
e Database Testing: SQL Query writing and optimization Preparing migration testing scenarios and creating, executing queries to test the
mapping of the databases. Constraints testing to validate the unique constraints, primary key and foreign key Relationship between the
tables. Security testing through SQL Injection, Session Hijacking and Session prediction. Creating views, stored procedures, transactions
for data accuracy Expertise in Data mapping, testing and making Business Objects reports.

Test Engineer - Manual and Database, 02/2008 - 01/2010
NIIT Technologies (SEI Investments) — City, STATE
* This is a core banking project. We have 11 different Strataweb banking applications. I am the Module lead of ‘The CAFE Strataweb UI
team’ whose task is to test the integration of 11 applications used by SEI for 151 banks in Europe to a single application called CAFE
(Customer access front end). This major task involved developing a new UI of CAFE which will directly access to different banks through
a single user interface with variant login ids of banks that is created through LDAP server.
¢ I worked as a module lead handling a team of 2 testers. My task started from the initial stage of testing from preparing Test plan and
writing Integration test scenarios since it was majorly to the integration testing project. The testing of application involved to check all the
functionality of old Strataweb application in the new CAFE application. This application has in total 31 reports related to customer
accounts. Now to access the Strataweb application a user profile id is created through master application called SAM. This same user
profile is then pointed through LDAP to access CAFE application server. Hence testing involves checking same functionality in old
Strataweb application and in CAFE to find that the integration is done well.

Test Engineer (Manual), 06/2007 - 01/2008
NIIT Technologies (British Airways) — City, STATE
e The main purpose of British Airways Dot COM testing is to give the quality Internet application where there are multiple ways of
passengers booking, Changes in the booking and booking with a shopping basket functionality. It Includes ‘Flights and More Manage my
Booking, Information and Executive Club Booking’.
* In BA.com site, the current online redemption availability application has limited functionality. Availability data is retrieved from Amadeus
(live data) by Phoenix (Summary data) and output to the user as a number of calendars, which display redemption availability by day in the
arrival and departure month selected. The user is often required to move backward and forward to find the availability that might suit them.

¢ Iworked in Redemption Availability Phase-2 testing that deals with Widen search coverage for the executive members on the guide page
by allowing queries spreading over several months (up to one year) and a range of destination cities/countries/zones, Address questions like
“where can I fly?” and highlight routes with high availability in both City List and Map page.

Officer-Operations, 09/2004 - 05/2007
ICICI Bank Ltd — City, STATE
e ICIC bank is India's number one private bank with its operations in Branch and investment banking.
e I worked in ICICI bank Ltd as Officer in Operations.
e [handled Customers saving, current, investment, NRI, Overdraft and Forex accounts.
e My job also included preparing and sending income tax report for accounts deposits more than 10 lacs to RBI, creating Preparing audit
books for RBI and intemal audits, handling gold deposits, fixed deposits and creating interest reports for customers.
¢ Talso handled Private banking customers with various queries.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: Economics and Entrepreneurship, 2000
Delhi University - New Delhi, Delhi
Economics and Entrepreneurship

Advance Diploma in Computers, 2002
APTECH - New Delhi, Delhi

OTHER INFORMATION

e Date of Birth - April 3rd, 1980
e Work Status - EAD
e Location - Bakersfield, CA, USA