Brian Franks

Database Manager

Contact Details

oJ 555-555-555
@ brianfranks2@gmail.com
@ Dailas, TX

« Performance Tuning

« Information Technology

« Computer Programming

« Large-scale Migration Projects
« Back-up & Recovery Processes

Motivated Database Manager with experience in overseeing the installation, security,
and upgrading of repositories through design optimization, query tuning, and indexing
strategies. In-depth knowledge of technologies, tools, utilities, and methodologies,
such as Oracle Exadata, RAC, MS SQL Server, SQL Always On, Greenplum, PostgreSQL,
MySQL, Data Replication, UNIX, Windows, LINUX, OEL, OEM, SQL, PL/SQL, Transact SQL,
and Shell. Passionate about training staff in preparing data models, monitoring data
availability, optimizing data warehouses in agile working environments.

Jan 2017 - Present Impresiv Health, Dallas, TX
Database Manager

Outline

Assess databases and identify opportunities to streamline data management, for an
organization that helps companies solve complex business challenges through clinical
consulting, staffing, project management, and software implementation services.

Key Responsibilities

e Spearhead technical discussions with business partners concerning the
development of cutting-edge database systems and features.

e Lead the design ETL and templates used to collect and store information from
external sources so that data can be accessed by users.

« Create complex query definitions that allow data to be efficiently extracted.

« Formulate policies and QA for database management structures, deliverables, and
analyses, including capacity planning, migration, and maintenance.

e Set and enforce control for troubleshooting and correcting system errors.

e Guide teams in conducting diagnostic tests, evaluating performance metrics, and
submitting project status reports to aid decision-making at stakeholder level.

« Ensure data warehouse integrity and protection through software/hardware
upgrades, security audits, and patches to enhance the scalability of existing
database architecture.

e Hire, supervise, and mentor personnel towards completing responsibilities
according to tight deadlines and budgets.

« Document processes and guarantee activities comply with legal regulations to
improve the effectiveness of database tools and services.

« Stay abreast of new technologies to bring into scope of existing infrastructure.

Key Achievements

« Repaired a malfunctioning database and expedited its ability to produce critical
reports by 24 hours, while meeting all requirement expectations.

« Increased data processing time by 150% due to rewriting analysis programs.

e Attained $185K+ savings by purchasing cost-effective equipment from IT vendors.

e Recruited 15 new team members who exceeded technical milestones by 35%.

Jul 2012 - Dec 2016 Cambia Health Solutions, Dallas, TX
Database Administrator

Outline

Ensured accuracy and completeness of data in master files and support tools, for a
company that help people achieve better health and well-being, as well as make health
care more available, affordable, and accessible through innovative technology.

Key Responsibilities

e Planned, transformed, consolidated, and preserved multiple premium and core
database management technologies and equipment.

« Selected and entered codes of utility program to monitor database performance,
such as distribution of records and amount of available memory.

« Conferred with staff to understand the impact and cost of data base changes.

Page 1