JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I would like to work in an organization that will give me a platform to utilize my technical skills and my expertise in the process of growing the
organization and myself with good initiatives. Professional Summary:- Hands on experience with Systems, Functional , Integration , Regression
and end to end testing. Problem Solving Quality Assurance Analyst skilled in analyzing functional .user experience and technical requirements
during the complete software life cycle. Certified Manual testing and Automation Testing . Experience working closely with developers and
stakeholders to effectively design test cases for web applications.

SKILLS
e Concepts on core JAVA and writing Script e Database Testing Using WebDriver
e System Testing Life Cycle(STLC) e Postman, soap API -REST
¢ Selenium WebDriver ¢ Data Driven Framework Development Using TestNG and
¢ Verification and Validation Process WebDriver.
e TestNG Framework e Languages:- C.C++,Java.C# net,JavaScript HTML
e Performance Testing Using HTTP Watch Tool e Manual Testing Techniques
* Configuration management tool-SVN © Database:-MySQL
¢ Bug management & Tracking Tool-MANTIS e Web Application Testing
¢ Build Automation Tool- MAVEN © Operating System:-Windows
e Test management Tool-TestLink ¢ Database analysis
e Data Driven Testing e Writing queries
e Load Testing Tool-IMETER Basics e Root cause analysis
e Apache ANT e Customer needs assessment

« Automation Testing tools-Jenkins,BDD Tools- Cucumber,Github e Presentations

EXPERIENCE

Database Administrator, 07/2020 - 04/2021
Deloitte & Touche L.L-P. — Midland, MI
e Performed Excel sheet works and some basic Microsoft Office Suite.
e Ability to work in a fast paced Environment.
e Expertised work on SQL related to the books publishing data.
¢ Performed Manual Testing, Automation Testing and Selenium -
e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.
* Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.
e Assessed customer needs and goals through communication and system evaluations to modify existing databases for personalized
customization.
¢ Defined database design specifications based upon project requirements.
« Communicated with data architects, programmers and engineers to keep projects on track.
¢ Performed quality assurance processes to support data warehouse improvements.
* Designed, built, implemented and maintained [Type] system for [Type] client.
* Created data verification and testing methods to resolve [Type] issues and prevent glitches.
¢ Converted imaging and data workflows into [Software] from [Software] and [Type] servers to [Result].
e Planned, engineered, configured and deployed [Type] and [Type] solutions while supporting software in [Type] environment.

Software Automation Engineer, 04/2018 - 08/2020
Altair — Glen Burnie, MD
e Performed black box and white box testing, both manual as well as automation testing for e-commerce domain.
e Automated smoke, sanity, regression and functional test cases for web application using selenium web driver with Java and Testing.
e Implemented BDD Testing using Cucumber and created Feature files in Given ,When, Then format.
¢ Utilized HP ALM for creating test cases, defects and recording Test Execution.
¢ Worked directly with software developers, test engineers, product owners,business analysts, Project leads.
¢ Strong SQL query writing and troubleshooting skills.
* Responsible for testing any SQL, I.T or Product updates taking place in.
¢ Production along with running of all automation test cases.
e Have good experience of Testing REST api using PostMan.
« Managed, troubleshot and improved automation programs.
e Automated all functional and regression testing approaches to streamline software production.

Quality Assurance Engineer, 11/2017 - 12/2018
Centene Corporation — Ozona, FL
e Developed and maintained Automated Test cases using Selenium Web driver, core java and Maven.
e Utilized TestNG framework for generating Test Report, parallel Test execution & setting priorities.
e Attended grooming and planning sessions with product owner and team to understand Feature requirements, User Stories and Acceptance
Criteria.
® Created a proof of concept for executing test cases from Jenkins and generating Test Reports.
¢ Planned test strategies depending on the project scope, environments and milestones.
¢ Performed Functional, responsive, integration, end-to-end and regression testing for the new Features and existing features.
e Strong understanding of SQL to perform Backend Testing.
e¢ Communicated release risk to release manager and product team on a daily basis.
e Provided Demo to ProductOwner/StakeHolder at the end of Sprint and Release cycle.
e Environment: Selenium Grid, WebDriver, 2.0, Java, SQL, Eclipse, UNIX, ANT, TestNG, XPath, Jenkins, Bugzilla, Web Services.
© Designed and updated test cases to complete consistent manual tests.
e Tracked software bugs and detailed all information regarding findings and resolution techniques in documentation for [Job title|s.
e Provided continuous process improvement and preventive and corrective actions to facilitate operational efficiency.
¢ Communicated with [Type] and [Type] departments regarding defects and [Type] issues and implemented effective solutions.
e Used [Type] and [Type] tools to document project features, capabilities and requirements.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor’s Degree: Computer Engineering, 01/2015
Narnarayan Shastri Institute and Technology

Certified course in Manual Testing and Automation Testing