JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Successful database administrator with Nine (9) years of experience in database development and production environments. Proven skills in
security management, database maintenance and establishing backup and recovery processes to safeguard data. Well-versed in various
programming languages. including T-SQL and SQL. Enthusiastic DBA eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to
detail and excellent organizational skills. Experience in database development and production environments. Areas of expertise include
maintenance and security. Confident professional offering an extensive background in collaborating with business stakeholders to achieve
projects’ scope. Smart Software Architect boasting expertise in the research of emerging technologies to effectiveness in solving specific issues.
Enthusiastic System Engineer offering three years of experience in project management, scripting, and Remote Desktop Services. Polished and
highly educated with desire to work within the public sector. Deep understanding of operational dependencies of applications, networks,

systems, security and policy.

SKILLS

e Database creation ¢ Relational Database Management
e Backup and recovery e Running backups
* Monitoring and Performance tuning e Data audits
e Database Upgrade, patching and Migration ® Vendor/partner relationships
¢ Software Installation and Maintenance e Infrastructure development
e Database Backup and Recovery e VMware
* Capacity Planning ¢ Product development and improvement
e Database Tuning e Tomcat
¢ Job control language (JCL) e Cybersecurity frameworks
e Writing queries e Backup testing
« Continuous process improvement © Server/network configuration
e Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading © Citrix
e Security e Application stacks
e Data conversion and migration e OSI network layers
e Microsoft PowerShell ¢ Documentation and technical articles
e Data testing * Coaching and training
¢ Database analysis e Data Modeling
¢ Troubleshooting © Website analytics tools
e Performance Monitoring e Wireframes
e Database development e Analytical
e SAP PowerBuilder © Software Development Lifecycle
¢ Implementing security measures e Multitasking

EXPERIENCE

Database Administrator, 04/2019 - Current
Zoom — TX, State

e Experienced with designing, managing and developing SQL Server environment for different applications on an enterprise scale.

¢ Installation/Configuration of SQL SERVER 2008&R2, 2012, 2014, 2016& 2017, 2019 in both UAT/DEV/PROD servers.

¢ Perform and Monitor daily tasks such as Backups & Restore, maintenance of jobs, handling developers’ requests and user's permissions
etc.

¢ Implemented, and maintained all (HA) High Availability configurations like Log Shipping, Database Mirroring, Replication and Failover
Clustering as a part of HADR Plan.

e Worked with a team of database administrators to designed and implement Multisite.

e Failover clustering For critical production database in different data center one on PREM and the other in AZURE for DR purposes.

e Experience and very knowledgeable in setting up SQL server and always on AG for business-critical applications and databases.

e Experience in troubleshooting always on failover issues, making sure replication is happening between primary and secondary replicas in
the always-on setup.

¢ Configure listener and make sure applications are able to connect seamlessly in the event of the automatic or manual failover.

¢ Configure/setup Server Properties like Memory Options, MAXDOP, CTOP. Database Settings etc.

e Checking Database Consistency/health by using DBCC &Commands DMVs at regular intervals.

¢ Actively participate in all phases of system development life cycle including planning and analysis, design, development, and testing.

¢ Maintain application performance & scalability with a focus on (PTO)

e Performance Tuning & Optimizing SQL queries, table design, indexing, query plan analysis, databases & SQL servers.

© Provide support for architectural designs to enhance complex subsystems like analytics engines.

e Design and implement Continuity of Business solutions, data warehouse solutions for SQL Server databases including replication strategy
and Active-Active and Active-Passive clustering.

* Create alerts, notifications, and emails for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, and security
breaches.

¢ Export/Import data from other data sources like flat files using SSIS/DTS packages.

* Setup Database Security and maintain accounts and access levels by creating suitable Logins and Roles and assigning object level
permissions.

e Manage Disk space, Memory, and User Connections.

¢ Schedule and monitor maintenance activities including database consistency checks and index fragmentation.

e Extensively work on Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler, DMVs, DMFs and DTA to tune the databases, servers and query tuning.

¢ Utilized the query store new feature in SQL server 2016 and 2017 troubleshooting database query performance related issues and created
baselines and gaining insight into query plans.

* Schedule weekly jobs and Maintenance tasks for better performance and created alerts with Database Mail SMTP.

¢ Configure database maintenance plans for backups, re-indexing, and reorganization of indexes, cleanup history, and update statistics.
relocation/migration of databases from one server to another using attach and detach database tasks or backup and restore.

¢ Migration of MS SQL server databases to the company’s cloud infrastructure.

e Analyzed and developed technical and functional specifications for databases serving up to 1000 employees.

e Partnered with project management teams on development of scope and timelines.

e Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.

e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers.

* Created and implemented database designs and data models.

* Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.

* Maintained complex T-SQL queries, views and stored procedures in multi-database environment with little supervision.

* Followed standard practices for migrating changes to test and production environments and provided technology support to meet business
requirements.

« Implemented system enhancements to propose, design and develop solutions to fulfill requests and address problem reports.

© Produced high-standard database solutions to meet stability, reliability and performance metrics.

e Wrote scripts and processes for data integration and bug fixes.

e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.

* Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.

SQL Server Database Administrator, 04/2016 - 05/2019
Cdk Global — Boston, MA
e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.
e Assessed customer needs and goals through communication and system evaluations to modify existing databases for personalized
customization.
* Communicated with data architects, programmers and engineers to keep projects on track.
e Performed quality assurance processes to support data warehouse improvements.
e Wrote scripts and processes for data integration and bug fixes.
« Developed scripts for index and table analysis actions.
e Uploaded antivirus software to protect data from cyber threats and malware.
* Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.
¢ Monitor jobs and take bacup and recovery of data
e set alerts to monitor database activities
¢ Developed and implemented security initiatives to protect important company data.
e Experience with web services (REST & SOAP, JSON & XML, etc.).
* Cloud-base relational and database
e Experience building ETL and data streaming solutions
e Experience with data design and development using industry standard concepts, practices, and procedures while requiring limited

supervision

SQL Server Database Administrator, 03/2013 - 03/2016
Cdk Global — Campbell, CA
« Maintained complex T-SQL queries, views and stored procedures in multi-database environment with little supervision.
¢ Followed standard practices for migrating changes to test and production environments and provided technology support to meet business
requirements.
e Designed and implemented TSQL queries for reporting and complex solution development.
¢ Produced high-standard database solutions to meet stability, reliability and performance metrics.
e Wrote scripts and processes for data integration and bug fixes.
e Tested and modified databases to determine and correct issues.
¢ Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.
¢ Developed scripts for index and table analysis actions.
* Performed quality assurance processes to support data warehouse improvements
e Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data.
e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers.
¢ Modified existing databases to meet unique needs and goals determined during initial evaluation and planning process.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Computer And Information Sciences, 10/2010
Abia State University - Uturu

CERTIFICATIONS

e Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate
e Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect

e Microsoft Security Operations analyst

e Microsoft Azure Security Technologies