SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Results-driven Supervisor with experience steering and directing all aspects of operations. Practiced in
orchestrating multiple projects with competing priorities involving process improvements, safety initiatives and
quality control. Recognized and commended for collaborating with upper management to achieve
organizational objectives. Motivational Supervisor with [Number] years of experience monitoring, coordinating
and allocating employee efforts to achieve organizational goals. Proven track record with continuous
improvement, performance growth and schedule management. Dependable [Job Title] with track record of
success in field, attention to detail and proactive mindset. Seeks opportunities to improve processes and
workflows for team benefit. Conscientious, hardworking and excels at multitasking in fast-paced environments.
Analytical professional with technical knowledge and critical thinking skills to thrive in data-driven
environments. Tackles challenges with positivity and drive to overcome. Works great alone or with others and
consistently exceeds expectations. Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong
worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and
quickly mastering new skills.

e Processes and Procedures e Training & Development
« Experience in Leadership e Reliable & Trustworthy

« Program Evaluation ¢ Computer Skills

« Content Management Expertise e Supervision & Leadership
e« People Skills e = Critical Thinking

e Relationship Building e Microsoft Office

e« Planning & Organizing e Friendly, Positive Attitude
« Team Building e¢ Organizational Skills

« Good Work Ethic e Problem Resolution

« Customer Service ¢ Quantitative Skills

e Data Management

SUPERVISOR & DATABASE ADMIN - FACILITIES 03/2013 to CURRENT
Corewell Health | City, STATE

e System Administrator for the Corewell Health East Computerized Maintenance Management System
(CMMS).

e Manage the Corewell Health East Service Request Center Call Center

e Create training documents for CMMS end users and provide ongoing training to staff as necessary.

e Develop and implement processes within the CMMS to ensure company compliance with safety
standards for Joint Commission, CMS, State/Local Fire Marshall and other AHu's.

¢ Maintain positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

e Resolved customer complaints and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.

e Coached staff members to develop long-term career goals.

e Maintained positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

OFCIRATIONS INFORMATION SPECIALIST 03/2005 to 03/2013
Beaumont Health System | City, STATE

e Analyzed program design and logic, making recommendations to support development of new or
enhanced systems.

e Collaborated with software development teams to make significant functional enhancements to system.

e Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing research information.

e Worked with users and support teams to troubleshoot reported problems.

e Presented technical and non-technical information to peers, managers and executives: working
collaboratively across large enterprises and industry sectors.

e Developed and streamlined database by conferring with analysts and programmers to code and
retrieve data.

OFCIRATIONS DATABASE ANALYST 09/2002 to 03/2005
Beaumont Health System | City, STATE

e Addressed service-line requests, conducting troubleshooting to maintain data and network levels of
performance.

e Entered data into spreadsheets. documents and databases with high accuracy rate.

e Identified data entry errors and corrected mistakes to achieve near-perfect accuracy in data sets.

e Transferred written information into databases to maintain consistent, accurate client records and
project details.

e Sifted through large quantities of data and accurately transferred necessary information to electronic
spreadsheets.

e Improved quality of data by producing coherent definitions and data-naming standards.

e Shared incomplete and deficient data sets with supervisors for resolution.

e Discussed project scope and objectives with supervisors to understand particular data needs and
develop input guidelines maximizing database impact while excluding irrelevant data.

e Kept detailed notes during meetings and relayed information to co-workers through email.

e Secured essential information and data by running database backups.

DICPATCHER, DATA TECHNICIAN, PAYROLL CLERK 08/1989 to 01/2021
Beaumont Health System | City, STATE

e« Monitored dispatch board and adjusted call priorities regularly based on caller needs.

« Kept detailed and updated records of calls in physical and electronic databases.

e ldentified locations and needs of callers to accurately send assistance.

« Tracked changes in computer system to keep records current and accurate.

« Communicated with individuals within inbound call center setting to complete dispatch support for [Type]
Calls.

e« Recorded results of service calls to create report summaries for senior management.

e Researched and resolved employee payroll questions and issues via email, phone and in person.

« Oversaw payroll processing to comply with tax laws and court-ordered wage assignments and
garnishments.

« Collaborated with employees and supervisors to immediately resolve discrepancies in timesheets.

« Responded to employee inquiries regarding payroll and timekeeping.

« Recorded adjustments to previous pay-related errors.

Bachelor of Science | Human Resources Management 12/1988
Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, MI