Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

A reliable, creative, passionate, studious, organized, and honest person with the ability to think “outside the box” to quickly adapt to
new and challenging situations. Able to handle stress and effectively manage multiple tasks. A caring and patient person who is

willing to devote personal time to my students and fellow teachers to ensure their success.

Skills
¢ Instructor e Team management
¢ Mentoring ¢ People skills
¢ Modeling e First Aid/CPR
e Planning and coordination e Friendly, positive attitude
¢ Organizational skills ¢ Work ethic
¢ Troubleshooting ¢ Critical thinking
¢ Working collaboratively e Training & Development
¢ Flexible * Creative

Experience

Head of Science, 07/2006 to Current
Oura — San Francisco, CA
¢ Developed curriculum and designed guides for all logic school and non-AP rhetoric school courses, based on the Texas TEKS
and National Science Standards.
¢ Conducted annual reviews of all curriculum guides.
¢ Active role in pursuing, evaluating, and hiring science teachers in 6-12th grade.
e Establish and lead continuing education courses to enhance science practices for science faculty.
e Designed laboratory/classrooms for all 6th-12th grade courses.
¢ Led instruction on classroom management and affective teaching strategies to new hires (all subject areas).
e Ordered and maintained budget for all science classroom supplies in both logic and rhetoric school courses.
¢ Improved student educational plans by advising on course selection, progress plans and career decisions.
¢ Collaborated with teachers to understand and improve classroom conditions.
e Advised students on issues such as course selection, progress toward graduation and career decisions.
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality educational delivery.
¢ Resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening, finding common ground and building relationships.

e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.

Instructor, 07/2006 to Current
John Deere — Des Moines, IA
¢ Current instructor of AP Biology, Anatomy & Physiology, and Applied Anatomy.
e Past courses taught — Issues in Science Bio-Ethics, pre-AP Chemistry, pre-AP Biology, Physics, 7th grade Life Science, and 6th
grade composite Physical and Earth science.
¢ Established inquiry based scientific investigations.
¢ Utilized advanced modeling skills to teach complex biological processes.
e Implemented historical and social ethical issues as impacted by scientific discovery.
e Established field experience and annual field trips to further enrich the classroom.
¢ Coordinator of student athletic training program.
¢ Uploaded online lessons and tools for students to use in studies.
¢ Developed guides and course materials to reinforce lecture information and help students learn.
e Conducted tests and quizzes to evaluate student progress with course material.
e Researched and developed innovative learning methods to optimize learning processes.
e Tutored students requiring additional instructional assistance after class.
¢ Built rapport with students and parents to increase academic success and parent engagement.
¢ Observed and evaluated student performance and development and provided appropriate feedback on work.
e Observed other instructors to learn valuable techniques.
e Participated in workshops and trainings to improve skills and learn new methods for classroom instruction.

¢ Mentored and counseled students with social adjustment and academic issues.

Curriculum Developer, 05/2020 to 10/2020
Fortinet Inc — Rochester, NY
¢ Developed lesson for Protein Starter kit.
¢ Created digital learning format for distance education.
e Presented at 2020 National Science Teacher Association conference for continuing education of science teachers across the
country.
¢ Worked closely with technical specialists in modernization of training materials.
¢ Expertly applied latest teaching tool and classroom methodologies.
e Developed curriculum and learning materials to increase comprehension.
¢ Defined and articulated learning outcomes, including measurements, performance metrics and changes to improve student

learning.

Instructional Designer, 07/2013 to 04/2014

Lessonbee — Mount Vernon, NY
¢ Created monthly lessons for Biology curriculum enhancement.
¢ Identified National Standards addressed in lessons that coordinated to kits available through Carolina Biological.
e Designed 9 new courses to meet Biology classroom instructional needs.

Education and Training

Master of Science Degree: Curriculum Instruction — Science, 01/2018
Concordia University - Portland, OR
¢ Magna cum laude graduate

Bachelor of Science Degree: Secondary Education - Science, 05/2000
University of North Dakota - Grand Forks, ND

« Cum laude graduate

Bachelor of Arts: Exercise Physiology, 05/1994
Bemidji State University - Bemidji, MN

¢ Cum laude graduate

Professional Memberships

National Association of Biology Teachers
Texas Association of Biology Teachers
National Association of Science Teachers