First Name Last Name

Looking for full-time opportunities as Data Scientist starting January 2024, open to relocation
email@xyz.edu | phone number} personal_website.github.io

SUMMARY

e Data scientist with 5+ years of experience in machine learning, statistical modeling, and experiment design.
e 2+ years of experience analyzing business problems in the venture and commercialization space.

@ Experienced researcher comfortable working cross-functionally in an ambiguous, fast-paced environment.
e Expert in distilling and communicating complex ideas as proven through publications and blogposts.

EDUCATION

PhD, Electrical and Computer Engineering: Data Science, XYZ University (September 2018- December 2023)
MS, Electrical and Computer Engineering, X¥2 University (September 2016- June 2018)
BS, Electrical and Computer Engineering, *¥2 University (September 2012 —Jjune 2016}
SKILLS

Programming: Python (Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn, Keras, SciPy, TensorFlow), R, SQL, Git, HTML/CSS
Visualization: Tableau, Microsoft Excel, Google Sheets
Machine Learning: Classification, Regression, Topic Modeling, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks

WORK EXPERIENCE

Business Analyst Intern (June 2022-August 2022)
ABC Department, XYZ University
e Collaborated with researchers, business stakeholders and customers to develop the product and business
roadmaps for a childhood asthma management app which included regulatory and reimbursement strategies.
e Identified new feature requirements, customer segments and growth opportunities for the app in the digital
health monitoring market by analyzing data from 20+ interviews, diary studies and market reports using Excel.
¢ Delivered short-term, mid-term and long-term metrics to enable competitive growth by synthesizing unstructured
competitor and customer discovery data to derive 2 cashflow models informing strategic options.

Research Scientist (September 2020 — Present)
XYZ University
e Analyzed structured and unstructured data from 2000+ respondents by designing and evaluating 5+ quantitative
and qualitative experiments using regression models and machine learning topic models in Python and R.
e Defined 5+ metrics that entrepreneurs, university, and industry stakeholders use to look for funding, investment,
or partnership opportunities across different cities by conducting a user study with a Tableau dashboard.
e = =Partnered with 5+ researchers in 3+ disciplines and institutions to synthesize research findings resulting in 3+
publications.

Machine Learning Firmware Engineering Intern (June 2019-September 2019)
Big Tech Company
e Decreased inference latency by 34x by developing Python firmware for efficient sparse BERT computations the
platform engineering hardware team which uses hardware acceleration for machine learning applications.
e Worked across engineering teams to recommend 3 technical changes to the architecture by testing the technical
feasibility of firmware in a production environment.