JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Biological Science LaboratoryTechnician with two year specialized experience working cargo inspection at the Plant Inspection Station of
Honolulu. Biological Science Technician with one year specialized experience working at Maritime Cargo. Survey Specialist with two years
expertise in trapping of Melon, Oriental, and Mediterranean Fruit Flies. Eleven years professional experience in Emergency Eradication
Project of Mediterranean Fruit Flies. Biological Science Technician with eleven years professional experience in irradiation of Mediterranean
Fruit Flies using the Husman C-137 Irradiator. Professionally trained and qualified user of PCIT. Accomplished Biological Science
Laboratory Technician with two years specialized experience in slide sectioning and nematode preparation for preliminary identification in
Plant Pathology at the PIS. Seven discard authorities of fungal morphological identifications by slide mount and microscopy. I have one
discard for Phomopsis sp. on Piper Betle sp. (4/02/2015), one for Coleosporium plumierae on Plumeria sp. (4/02/2015), one Pestalotiopsis
sp. on Annona sp. (3/04/2015), one for Pestalotiopsis sp. on Piper Betle sp.(2/09/2015), one for Phomopsis sp. on Annona sp.(1/08/2015), one
Phyllosticta cordylinophila on Cordyline sp. (5/27/2015), and one Phomopsis sp. on Areca Catechu sp. (5/29/2015). 1 found the first in Port
fungus, Phaeoseptoria musae, that had been intercepted in April 2012. but had been unprocessed until October 2014. The quality slide that I
prepared had been directly sent to one of the National Identifiers and she was able to make a species determination. Highly-qualified in
Nematode picking, teasing, and Baermann funneling. Professionally trained in PCIT, AQAS., F309, PPQ 264, and EAN. Technically skilled in
Leica MZ16, Olympus B202, Olympus BX50, and Nikon SMZ 1500 microscopes. Mastered in using the Helicon Focus 5.3 Pro. Digital 3D
Imaging Program. Highly-qualified in telephone, customer service, radio, and computer skills with proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, MS
Access, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint, Lotus 123, Windows 7, and Windows 8. Excels at multitasking in fast-paced environment completing
projects within time and budget constraints. Eight years work experience knowledge of HIA operations. HIA and Ramp license holder.
Biological Science Laboratory Technician knowledgeable about Airlines, Brokers, and Stakeholders in and around Oahu.

HIGHLIGHTS

e Twenty-three years specialized experience in plant protection and «© Knowledgeable about fungi identification.

quarantine work. e Expert in distinguishing morphologically under the dissecting

e Expert in Helicon 5.3 Pro. Digital 3D Image Photo system. microscope between vermiform plant parasitic nematodes.

e Expert in the use of Leica MZ16, Olympus B202, Olympus e Expert in slide sectioning, nematode picking. teasing, pipetting,
BX50, and Nikon SMZ 1500 microscopes. and Baermann soil funneling.

e Expert in Lotus 123, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS e Sevan confirmed discard authorities in Plant Pathology.
Outlook, and MS PowerPoint e Fifteen years professional experience working with diet media

e Expert user and account holder in PCIT and AQAS. and the sterilization of insects.

e First in Port fungus, Phaeoseptoria musae © One year specialized experience in pre-clearance cargo inspection

at PIS and Maritime Cargo.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Completed seven confirmed discard authorities of fungal morphological identifications by slide mount and microscopy in Plant Pathology. I
have one Coleosporium plumeirae on Plumeria sp.(4/02/2015), one Phomopsis sp. on Piper Betle sp. (4/02/2015), one Pestalotiopsis sp. on
Annona sp. (3/04/2015), one Pestalotiopsis on Piper Betle sp.(2/09/2015), one Phomopsis sp. on Annona sp.(1/08/2015), one Phyllosticta
cordylinophila on Cordyline sp. (5/27/2015), and one Phomopsis sp. on Areca Catechu sp. (3/29/2015). I found the first in Port fungus,
Phaeoseptoria musae in October 2014. Professionally trained in PCIT, AQAS. F309, F309a, EAN, and PQ 264. Assisted in field training
class of nematodes at the Hawaii Department of Agriculture Plant Quarantine (2013). Created and constructed the Mycology Database on
Microsoft Access. Reduced the backlog of Pathology interceptions by inspecting and preparing slides for identification. Mastered the Helicon
5.3 Pro. 3D Digital Imaging Program for the botany seed collection. Performed nematode lab identification of Radopholus sp., Pratylenchus
sp., Helicotylenchus sp.,Tvlenchus sp., and Meloidogyne sp. 1 found a new nematode in Hawaii. Tvlenchus pararissmius. (1/08//2015).
Assisted in the Hawaii Ag. Discovery Program (2013,2014). Completed the labeling of the chemical waste containers for the quarterly
chemical inventory. Constructed the HLA Phone Number List and Airline Phone Number Listing. Promoted to Temp. Supervisory Biological
Science Technician in 1995.

EXPERIENCE

02/2013 to Current Biological Science Laboratory Technician
Department Of Veterans Affairs — Fort Harrison, MT
e 40 Hours per week! Series: 0404 Grade: GS 07/10
¢ Routinely confirmed and verified preliminary identifications of intercepted organisms for PPQ Identifiers in Plant
Pathology with Discard Authority.

Completed seven discard authorities of fungal morphological identifications by slide mount and microscopy
confirmed by Plant Pathologist/Identifier Wendy Sueno in Plant Pathology.
Conducted Xac Immuno Strip tests for the detection of Asian Citrus Canker Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. citri.
Conducted CymMV Immuno Strip test for Cymbidium Mosaic Virus.
e Created and constructed the Mycology Collection Fungi envelope template for all Plant Pathology samples on MS

Word.

e Analyzed and examined plant disease interception samples for slide section identification.
e Increased work proficiency by digitizing the Mycology specimen collection which enables the Pathologist to cross-

reference old fungal names with new ones and locate the physical specimens in the collection in less than ten
minutes.

* Routinely identified plant pest pathogens from F309 interception samples by morphological method using Discard

Authority.

Verified and identified routine interceptions; forwarding specimens to the appropriate National Identifier.

e Routinely prepared slide section samples for mycological identification by Plant Pathologist/Identifier Wendy
Sueno.

e Routinely prepared nematode specimens for tentatrve DNA identification by Plant Pathologist/Identifier Mathew
Goo.

e Routinely prepared F309 samples using Nikon BX50 and Leica MZ16 microscopes.

© Proficiently picked and teased nematode samples from soil specimens.

e Assessed the extraction of nematodes from soil with the Baermann Funnel Method.

© Pipetted volumes of water from nematode vial samples.

e Professionally trained and qualified user of Phytosanitary Certificate Issurance Tracking System (PCIT).

e Prepares and completes Phytosanitary Certificates for signature by PPQ Officers.

Reviewed and processed EAN's, F309's, PPQ 264's into the AQAS database for Plant Pathologist/Identifiers

Mathew Goo and Wendy Sueno.

Processed F309's and verified a disease determination with my discard authority.

Developed the photographing of Federal Noxious Weed samples and general botany seed samples using the

Helicon Focus 5.3 Pro. 3D Digital Imaging program into the computer database.

¢ Processed new Federal Noxious Weed samples into the PIS Botany Database using the Helicon Focus 5.3 Pro. 3D
Digital Imaging Program and Nikon SMZ 1500 Stereo microscope.

e Oversaw, researched, identified, maintained, and organized the Seed Inventory Collection Database and Seed
Sample Cabinets for nearly 4.000 specimens in Botany.

e Assisted Botanist Mark Towata in reorganizing and reclassifying the entire seed collection into the new collection
cabinets.

e Reclassified Botany Seed Inventory Collection by family, genus, and species.

e Directed the filing, labeling and organization of the Federal Noxious Seed samples into the Seed Collection
Cabinet.

e Created and constructed the Mycology Database for Plant Pathology on MS Access.

¢ Routinely sectioned slides and picked nematodes for preliminary DNA identification.

¢ Routinely inspected walk-in pre-clearance and cargo inspections.

e Assisted PHSS Mary Beust and PHSS Joe Vukovich in providing specialized inspections, regulations, and
clearance of high risk propagative plant material, plant products, and pest diagnostic identification.

e One year of specialized experienced providing plant protection and quarantine cargo inspections at Plant Inspection
Station on aquatic plants, flower leis, piper betle, annona, maile, ti-leaves, orchids, taro, pineapple, coconuts, and
plumeria cuttings.

e Researched and updated the Appendix List of Disease for Host and Country.

e Assisted in maintaining a record of PPQ 526 permit numbers, type and quantity of organism, and name/address of
importer.

e Lifted, carried, and transported cargo/supply boxes over 35 pounds.

¢ Maintains and makes improvements to assigned collections (Entomology, Botany, and Pathology).

e Added new material, organize, and replaced old specimens.

e Prepare specimens for use in teaching.

e Managed the cleaning and washing of insect interception vials.

Secured the filing away of Entomology samples into the collection cabinet.

e Liaised as a member of the Agriculture Discovery Program for two years.

Assisted in the Chemical Safety Inventory with PHSS Joe Vukovich.

Implemented the handed out public relations brochures on Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle Oryctes rhinoceros in and
around the HIA.

¢ Initiated the surveying Coconut trees around the airport for CRB Oryetes rhinoceros.

Completed all mandatory Security Awareness and EEO Aglearn training modules by required due date.

e Safely disposes of infested, infected, and prohibited plant material.

e Managed the cleaned and organized the inspection lab room and restocked the lab supplies.

¢ Supported in transporting seed samples to the Hawaii State Agriculture Office.

¢ Executed in using established agency policy and guidelines, accounts for, safeguards, and maintains in good

working order vehicles and equipment.
Processed all documentation pertaining to vehicles (accident, repair estimates, etc) in accordance with required

time.
e Supervisor's Name: Ken Ching Phone: XXX-834-3240. Contact: Yes

08/2005 to 02/2013 Biological Science Technician/Program Support Assistant
Department Of Commerce — Olathe, KS

e 40 Hours per week/ Series: 0404/0303 Grade: GS 07/10

¢ Created the baseline to the daily schedule Lotus and Excel.

¢ Directed the job assignments for the Pre-departure employee work schedule.

e Assisted in coordinating the LA and PPQ pay period work schedule and oversaw the leave tracking of all LA
employees.

e Provided recommendations to the supervisor on work schedule planning and staffing of locations on Lotus.

© Optimized scheduling based on deep expertise of HIA Operation procedures.

e Devised short and long-range action plans to address work scheduling on Lotus.

¢ Constructed, created, and printed the pay period schedule work assignment schedule on Lotus and Excel.

¢ Directed and devised employee replacements to fill the daily time slots on Lotus and on the work schedule for
Excel.

¢ Verified accuracy and completeness of information on the Daily Schedule, PPT/LA Schedule, and Officer
Schedule.

¢ Completed key projects on time and with a high level of accuracy.

e Reduced cost of LA Hours by monitoring the amount of daily work hours on the daily schedule on Lotus.

e Assisted in domestic cargo inspections.

¢ Responded to pre-departure questions from the public regarding regulations and compliance questions of plant
products and propagated plant material from Hawaii going to the U_S. mainland.

e Designed and created the Operations Office Phone Directory on Excel.

e Designed and created the Airline Phone Directory Listing on Excel.

e Relayed cargo calls over the radio to Cargo Officers.

¢ Processed and notified employees of uniform orders.

e Developed and maintained strong and clear communication with other employees throughout the HLA.

¢ Drafted the LA work hours by pay period in MS Excel.

¢ Completed and submitted the monthly WADS on airline loads on Excel with a high level of accuracy to be inputted
in the AQAS System.

e Supervised Operation Office when supervisors were out of the office.

Verified the signing of LA employee time sheets.

Organized, prioritized, and managed office supplies for the Operations Office.

Streamlined the communication between Operations and PIS.

¢ Directly communicated with stakeholders and inspectors on the domestic movement of regulated plant material and
inspectors work schedule respectively.

¢ Completed all mandatory Security Awareness and EEO Aglearn training modules by required due date.

e Supervisor's Name: Garret Chinen Phone: XXX-834-3220. Contact: Yes

04/2003 to 08/2005 Survey Specialist/Biological Science Technician
USDA, APHIS, PPQ — City, STATE

e 40 Hours per week’ Series: 0404 Grade: GS 07/09-07/10

e Managed and monitored fruit fly traps throughout the island of Oahu for Ceretatis capitata, Bactrocera dorsalis,
and Bactrocera cucurbitae.

¢ Conducted experiments to achieve Fruit Fly research objectives.

e Resupplied bait traps with chemical lure solution.

© Maintained proper chemical inventories.

e Conducted research in the leeward coastal and central parts of Oahu that required driving long distances and field
visits with physical exertion walking to service traps in remote areas.

e Trained in the proficient use and experience with chemical solutions of melolure, biolure, cuelure, latlure, and
protein bait traps.

© Processed biological laboratory work with the use of the electron microscope identifying and monitoring Oriental,
Melon, and Mediterranean fruit flies on a weekly basis.

¢ Managed trapping equipment and serviced the government vehicles daily.

¢ Organized and entered field data into MS Excel.

e Evaluated and inspected incoming raw materials.

¢ Closely inspected equipment for safety problems, leaks and wear and tear.

e Maintained up-to-date records of survey technical data sheet and mapping locations.

e Managed the filing. documentation, copying, and updating of survey manuals using WordPerfect.

e Maintained required APHIS permits and laboratory safety protocols.

e Submitted a daily mileage log with trip sheet, fuel, maintenance and survey trap documentation.

¢ Completed all mandatory Aglearn training by due date.

e Supervisor's Name: Wesley Sawamura Phone: XXX-259-8822. Contact: Yes

08/2002 to 04/2003 Biological Science Technician
USDA, APHIS, PPQ, Maritime — City, STATE

e 40 Hours per week/ Series: 0404 Grade: GS 07/08

¢ Conducted on the site inspections with PPQ Officers, foreign agricultural materials that harbor foreign insects
harmful to U.S. Agriculture.

e Conducted plant protection and quarantine work boarding ships with PPQ Officers.

¢ Inspected Korean sand pears, taro from Fiji, yams, and solid wood packing materials from China on a continual
basis for Asian Long-Horn Beetles Anoplophora glabripennis.

e Assisted PPQ Officers in the inspection of the ship's cargo storage and disposed of any foreign contraband.

e Transported interceptions and seed samples to HIA.

© Coordinated mail pick up, supplies, and made mantfest pickups at Horizon and Matson.

¢ Oversaw the updating of manuals, filing of manifest invoices, and shredding of confidential documents.

e Supervisor's Name: Michael Jodoi Phone: XXX-861-8497. Contact: Retired

06/1994 to 08/2002 Biological Science Technician (Insect)
USDA, APHIS, PPQ, HFFRF — City, STATE

e 40 Hours per week/ Series: 0404 Grade: GS 07/04-07/08

e Directed the successful development of sterile Mediterranean Fruit Flies Ceratitis capitata. For the Emergency
Eradication Project.

e Designed and created larvae diet media in mass quantities on a daily basis.

¢ Prepared diet media with chemical solutions and reagents.

e Tested diet media samples for various chemical analyses.

e Collected and calibrated eggs of Ceratitis capitata from automated egg-gel spraying pipetting machine.

e Conducted mathematical calculations of proper egg gel solutions.

¢ Developed and evaluated egg hatch operation procedures.

e Supervised a staff of five to seven WG-3 Insect Production Workers during diet set operations.

e Trained personnel on laboratory functions.

© Coordinated scientific experiments on a large scale for the Science and Technology Department.

¢ Operated forklifts, pallet jacks, and carried bags of fifty pounds or more from cargo containers.

¢ Guaranteed all data met stringent quality control standards_Guaranteed all data met stringent quality control
standards.

¢ Monitored and evaluated larval data to input into the computer.

e Supervised a staff of four to five WG-3 Insect Production Workers during daily morning and afternoon larval
collection procedures.

e Ensured proper eye color of Ceratitis capitata.

e Oversaw pupae dyeing regulations and quantities.

¢ Completed quality control experiments on pupae.

e Consistently operated laboratory and mass production technical equipment on a daily basis.

e Managed the proper irradiation of Ceritatis capitata pupae for daily packing and shipping operations.

¢ Processed computer data from analyzed samples, facilitated shipping information for faxing and invoices.

e Executed federal, state, and local government regulations in irradiation policies.

¢ Certified user of the Husman Irradiator C-137.

e Directed the final authority for certification of irradiated sterile Ceritatis capitata pupae being packed and shipped.

e Diligently maintained safety and quality standards.

e Maintained proper relations between co-workers, agency, personnel, and the general public.

e Supervisor's Name: Harris Chang Phone: XXX-834-3216. Contact: Yes

05/1995 to 01/1996 Temporary Supervisory Biological Science Technician
USDA, APHIS, PPQ, HFFRF — City, STATE
e 40 Hours per week/ Series: 0404 Grade: GS 09/01
e Supervised a staff of seven to ten WG2, WG3, and Biological Science Technicians.
e Supervised the completion of production schedules, production quality, and on time delivery.
e Headed work detail for Insect Production Workers.
e Oversaw the chemical solution content that went into the diet media.
e Evaluated water content in the diet media, generated ordering details of the facility, processed time and attendance
sheets for payroll operations, analyzed pupae sample preparation, and checked eye color of Ceratatis capitata.
e Supervised the refilling of chemical pupae dye.
¢ Calibrated the egg pipetting machine.
e Instructed newly hired employees on a daily production operations.
¢ Troubleshooted technical equipment (diet mixer, egg pipetting machine, and irradiation canisters.
e Managed the developing and manipulating of pupae numbers that will impact shipping boxes.
e Monitored the timing of the Husman Irradiator on a daily basis.
e Negotiated with the Facility Director and Supervisor Entomologist on employment information issues and services.
e Communicated with maintenance personnel on equipment issues.
¢ Reviewed the input of computer data, composing memos regarding assignment changes, and employment issues.
e Created forms for implementing data information.
e Consistently, established proper relations between co-workers, agency personnel, and the general public.
e Maintained and enforced a safe and clean working environment at all times.
© Managed Emergency Eradication Project of Mediterranean Fruit Fly daily production operations.
e Supervisor's Name: Dorothy Alontaga Phone: XXX-838-2780. Contact: Yes

EpucaTION

2002 Select One
Windward Community College - Kaneohe, HI
GPA: 4.0 out of 4.0
Ag. 20 Plant Science A 3.0
Ag. 32A Plant Pest Control A 1.0
Ag. 32B Plant Pest Control A 1.0
Ag. 32C Plant Pest Control A 1.0

1997 Select One
Kapiolani Community College - Honolulu, HI
GPA: GPA: 4.0
GPA: 4.0 out of 4.0
Biol.130 Anat. & Phys. A 4.0
Biol.102 Gen. Botany A 3.0
Bot.130 Plants of Hawaii A 3.0

1996 Select One
Honolulu Community College - Honolulu, HI
GPA: GPA: 4.0 Dean's List
GPA: 3.52 out of 4.0
Dean's List
Biol. 100 Human Biology A 3.0
Micro 130 General Microbiology A 3.0

1987 BA: Geography
University of Hawaii - Honolulu, HI
GPA: GPA: 2.93 GPA: 4.0
GPA: 2.43 out of 4.0

1983 Select One
Maui Community College - Kahului, Hawaii
GPA: 2.93 out of 4.0
Zool. 101 Principles of Zoology B 4.0

1981 diploma
Maui High school - Kahului, HI

CERTIFICATIONS

e APHIS-NSC Defensive Driving Course (10/21/2013)
e Airport Motor Vehicle Operator's Permit
e AOA HNL Badge holder

SKILLS

¢ Cargo Inspection experience

¢ 3D Digital Photo Imaging with Helicon Focus 5.3 Pro.

e Leica MZ 16, Olympus B202, Olympus BX50, and Nikon SMZ 1500 microscopes.

e Pre-departure Clearance knowledge

¢ Morphological slide sectioning

e Nematode and mycology identification

« Xac Immuno Strip testing

¢ Nematode picking, teasing, and Baermann soil funneling

e MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint, Lotus 123, AQAS, PCIT, F309, EAN, PQ 264, AQIM.

Awarps, CERTIFICATES, AND MERITS

e

¢ Letter of Appreciation-September 1992, Letter of Appreciation-September 1992, Letter of Appreciation-July 1992

¢ Certificate of Appreciation-November 1992, Certificate of Merit-August 1992, Certificate of Merit- September 1992, Certificate of
Merit-February 2004

e Ten Year Service Award-June 2001, Twenty Year Service Award-June 2011

e Special Act or Service Award- Mar 1996, October 1996.

¢ Performance Award- January 1998,

¢ Individual Cash Award- December 2005, October 2006

© Certificate of Merit- December 2014