SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced data scientist proficient in leveraging the Elastic Stack for data extraction and transformation.
Skilled in Python and Jupyter Notebook for data analysis, utilizing Teradata SQL for targeted searches.
Automation of monthly reporting using Azure cloud environment, including Databricks, Azure Data Factory,
and Azure Storage Container. Effective communicator, presenting findings through clear visualizations and
reports to drive data-driven decision-making. Strong background in customer service and sales, providing
exceptional support and issue resolution. Previous experience includes roles in customer service and sales.

e Ability to present solutions clearly and concisely « Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Google Apps

Great research skills including the collection, (Google docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides.
analysis, and e Google Forms)
e Interpretation of data e Facilitate group work on an environmental
« Ability to quantify and analyze data project in a group of 5 people: participate and
e Ability to work independently or as part of a team propose guidelines for
Analytical and problem-solving skills e The progress of the work.
e Ability to apply mathematical principles to the e Languages: Python, SQL, R,
collection, analysis, and presentation of e Web Skills: Microsoft Azure (Databricks, Azure
numerical data Data Factory (ADF), Azure Storage Container,
e Ability to design surveys and experiments, and and
to interpret and summarize data e Azure Logic App)
« Ability to apply statistical analysis to business, e Data Manipulation and analysis: Pandas, Numpy.
scientific and social ideas. getpass, datetime,

e Perform data entry and database management, « Database: Teradata.ELKStack.
create tables and graphs on Excel

e Excellent research, management, and
organizational skills of information on the
Internet.

e Extensive knowledge of

SUMMER STUDENT DATA SCIENCE, ADVANCED ANALYTICS 05/2023 to 08/2023
Select Express & Logistics | Windsor, CT

e« Leveraged Elastic Stack to extract and transform data for analysis. Converted data into CSV format and
performed analysis using Python within Jupyter Notebook.

« Developed tables and conducted targeted column searches to extract relevant data for analysis using
Teradata SQL.

e Automated monthly reporting using Azure cloud environment, specifically Databricks, Azure Data
Factory (ADF), Azure Storage Container, and Azure Logic App.

« Communicated findings effectively through clear and concise visualizations and reports, enabling data-
driven decision-making.

e Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, design data pipelines, and implement
end-to- end solutions.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 12/2022 to 04/2023
Personal Capital | Atlanta, GA

e Handled inbound customer chat conversations from various websites

e Asked open-ended questions to determine which products or services would be best fit for customer's
e Needs

e« Documented all customer information accurately in computer system, providing dated notes for future
e Reference

e Worked closely with each customer to carefully resolve issues within timely fashion

e Assisted department with email-based and phone support when call center was busy or short-staffed.

SACES ASSOCIATE 11/2021 to 12/2022
Ingleside At Rock Creek | Washington, DC

e Served customers by suggesting articles that suit their needs

e Responded to phone calls from customers related to any inquiries about available products

e apt the store clean in respect to governmental COVID-19 protocols and procedures (ensure
customers are wearing masks, respecting physical distancing rules)

e Ensured UOSU (University of Ottawa Student Union) policies about sustainability, accessibility,
inclusivity, and bilingualism are enforced

e Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites

e Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers.

SEAVER 05/2020 to 04/2022
Chartwell Retirement Residence | City, STATE

e Prepare food for residents in accordance with Chartwell's cooking policies

e Ensure client satisfaction service by making sure residents are satisfied with meal service

e Address the concerns of residents or their family members and ensure that appropriate action is taken
within the decision-making authority and/or bring them to the attention of the Director of Food Services,
the Director of Food and Beverages

e Perform mount and disassembly services during reserved restore events

« Communicate and interact effectively with residents, family members, visitors and volunteers in a
courteous and professional manner.

Bachelor of Science | Statistics 04/2025
University of Ottawa, Ottawa, ON

Received the UOttawa Refugee and international student Bursary Fund-Word University Service of Canada.
Received the university Of Ottawa Financial Aid Scholarship for

Hc iours Bachelor of Commerce | Finance, Statistic 06/2023
University of Ottawa, Ottawa, ON