Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

kd Marshville Road,

i ‘ abama
Co-Founder & Data Scientist (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Over 12 years of experience in Data Managernent, Integration, Analysis, SKILLS
Software R&D and big data projects, 6 years system analysis and SAS, R, Python, Matlab,
presentation In Logistics, Telecom, Finance. SQL, Hadoop, Oracle,
SQL Server, Java,
WORK EXPERIENCE Machine Learning,
Hypothesis Testing, Time
Co-Founder & Data Scientist Series Analysis,
XCG DesignCorp~- April 2016 - 2019 Marketing Analysis,
Re sponsibifities: Visualization, Excel
» Statistical Data Modeling, Database Data Modeling, Advanced R/SQL Modeling.
Development.
= Perform data-extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) development
and prograrnming. LANGUAGES
= Perforrn data-mining, data analysis and performance measurements on English (Native)
business-information systems by using analytics tools and French (Professional)

methodologies. Spanish (Professional)

= Carrying out Marketing Analytics (Basel Il), Risk Management (Logistic

regression) and Survival Analysis to evaluate custorner information. INTERESTS
= Worked on importing data fromm various sources and perforrned

transformations using Map Reduce, Hive to load data into HDFS. piled <i
* Configured MR/Sqoop jobs to import data from RDBMS into HDFS. Coming’ ng
= Created HBase tables to store variable data formats coming from Reading

different portfolios.

Data Scientist REFERENCES
Cyberdata Technologies Inc - 2014 - 2016
7” Aa . Reference - 1 (Company
Responsibilities: Name)
= Insupport of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Reference - 2 (Cornpany
activities, Dr. Name)

= Kunkel supports the transition of the models frorn a research system to
a fully operational systern operated by the National Centers for
Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO) in IDP cloud
computing system.

= Establishing and enhancing operational monitoring working with the
SDMs to Identify monitoring gaps documenting; operational review
meetings, be farniliar with all aspects of NCO operations creating an
archive of operational problerns and solutions.

= Dr.

« Kunkel participates in Senior staff meetings which track issues with all
of NOAA applications, including issues with retrieving and storing real
tirne data, supercornputer operation and networking issues.

= Also, Dr

= Kunkel, as lead for the Space Weather task at CyberData, provides
guidance and oversight for Space Weather science activities to identify
and investigate a new modeling capabilities, research developments,
and observational advances as well as explore the Interaction with

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines