Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Hardworking and reliable Teacher with strong ability in memorization and [Task]. Offering [Skill], [Skill] and [Skill]. Highly
organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

Skills
e Academic e Materials
e Accounting ¢ Meetings
¢ Administrative e Project development
e Basic * Quality
* Catalog e Research
¢ Contracts e Shipping
« CPR e Teaching
¢ Database e Teacher
e First Aid e Phone
e Forklift e Western Blotting
e Inventory

Experience

High School Science Teacher, 08/2020 to Current
Falcon School District 49 —- Peyton, CO
¢ Established and enforced clear class objectives and requirements to promote consistent education for all students.
¢ Facilitated student success and academic growth through implementation of Natural Science curriculums.
e Integrated technology into classroom settings to engage students and diversify instruction.
e Collaborated with other subject and grade-level teachers to build complementary educational frameworks for students.
¢ Maintained school-wide culture of respect and actively used positive behavioral interventions and supports (PBIS) disciplinary
methods.
¢ Administered standardized ability and achievement tests and interpreted results to determine students’ strengths and areas of
need.
e Built life-long learning skills and strong study habits in students to help each prepare for higher-level education.
¢ Cultivated collaborative and innovative learning environment to meet each student's unique educational needs.
¢ Talked with students needing extra attention and made plans to assist with problems.
¢ Created lesson plans to address needs of entry-level and upper-level science students.
¢ Monitored student growth and academic process.
¢ Developed class learning plans to meet all district and statement requirements for instruction.
e Assessed student performance, behavior and social development and devised improvement strategies for struggling children.
¢ Referred students with suspected learning disabilities to the appropriate support personnel.
¢ Maintained classroom environment conducive to learning and appropriate for maturity and interests of students.
¢ Worked with diverse range of students to foster creativity and self-expression through instruction in visual arts.
¢ Kept regularly scheduled office hours to advise and assist students.

High School Science Teacher, 09/2019 to 01/2020
Friendship Schools — Washington, DC
¢ Established and enforced clear class objectives and requirements to promote consistent education for all students.
¢ Facilitated student success and academic growth through implementation of Natural Science curriculums.
¢ Coordinated with other professional staff members to evaluate and assess science-based curriculum.
e Assessed student progress with course material through routine quizzes, final examinations and standardized assessments.
e Managed consistent, learning-focused classroom environments by establishing and communicating clear objectives for all
students.
e Adapted teaching methods and instructional strategies to promote learning in students of differing skill levels.
e Administered tests, quizzes and other assignments to gauge students’ learning and knowledge of course materials.
¢ Met with parents and guardians to discuss student progress and areas for improvement.
¢ Graded tests and papers and uploaded all grading information to district system using Infinite Campus and Google Classroom
e Supported academic progress by offering office hours to discuss challenges, offer targeted assistance and provide additional
resources.
e¢ Communicated learning objectives and class expectations to promote student comprehension and achievement of academic

targets.

Student Assistant, 04/2016 to 04/2019
University Of Michigan — Ann Arbor, MI
¢ Professionally greet a multitude of patrons entering and exiting the library and aid them in locating reference materials through
the library database.
¢ Catalog library materials consistently throughout the work day.
¢ Patrons could easily locate needed resources.
e Assisted the librarians in transforming the appearance of the library.
e Patrons were pleased with the furniture arrangements and enjoyed the academic advantages of the environment.
e Evaluated and encouraged patron interaction skills by initiating student staff meetings.
¢ Inventory for text materials.
¢ Manage circulation desk as front desk circulation employee- first point of contact.
e Answer phone calls and answer questions from students, staff, and faculty.
¢ Assist librarians in day to day operations regarding library.
e Practice FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) requirements.
¢ Maintain library supplies.

Automated Logistical Specialist (92A), 11/2012 to 09/2014
U.S. Army - City, STATE
e Professional development, Monitored and performed administrative warehouse functions to maintain inventory of equipment
records and over 300,000 parts.
e Operated a 10k forklift to transport HAZMAT material from one warehouse to another.
e Establish and maintain stock records and other documents such as inventory, material control, accounting and supply reports.
¢ Review and verify quantities received against bills of contracts, purchase requests and shipping documents.
e Unload, unpack, count, segregate, palletize and store incoming supplies and equipment.
¢ Construct bins, shelving and other storage aids.
e Simplify and standardize the collection and use of maintenance data.

¢ Raise the quality and accuracy of performance, cost and parts data through improved maintenance management.

Education and Training

Master of Arts: Theological Studies, Intercultural Communication, 2020
Liberty University
GPA: 3.5

Volunteer Work Literacy Services of Wisconsin Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin-Clinical Observation Froedert Hospital-
Clinical Observation VA Medical Center in Milwaukee Relevant Experience and Certifications: Biology, 2019

Cardinal Stritch University

GPA: 3.6, Dean’s List, Microbiology, Organic Chemistry I & II, Cell Physiology, General Physiology, Immunology

CPR Certification: 2018
Tissue Culture, Electron Microscopy, Western Blotting

Course covered training in the use of an intravenous Basic Combat Training 10 weeks (605 hours) Course covered physical fitness
and self-defense.: Regenerative Medicine Lab, 2017

Aurora St. Luke’s Medical Center

Cell culture, Fluorescent Microscopy, Aurora Research Institute- Discovery Lab

First Aid Certification: Tutoring- Organic Chemistry, 2013

Combat Lifesaver Course (40 hours): 2013

Activities and Honors