JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

¢ To obtain a position in the areas of Data Warehouse/VLDB Architect, Database Engineer, Database Administrator.

e 21 years of experience as a St DB2 DBA on LUW (Linux, AIX, Solaris, Windows) (1997 — current)

e 15 years of experience as a St. NPS (Netezza Performance Server) DBA/Admin (2006 — current)

e 8 years of experience with Websphere Information Integrator MQ and SQL replication (2005 — 2013)

e 8 years of experience as an Informix DBA on Unix (Solaris) (2006 — 2014)

e 5 years of experience as Oracle DBA on Unix (2013-2018)
Focused Database Designer with 21 years of experience in full lifecycle development. Adaptable in understanding businesses changing needs
and objectives when creating and redesigning databases. Collaborative team player with strong interpersonal and communication skills useful
when working with project managers to define project timeline and scope. Self-motivated with excellent task management abilities. Proactive
Database Administrator with 21 years of experience in database development and production environments. Proven skills in security
management, database maintenance and establishing backup and recovery processes to safeguard data. Well-versed in various programming
languages, including Shell-scripting and PowerShell . Strategic Database Architect with 21 years of experience in design, architecture and
data modeling. Track record of successfully managing all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC). Analytical problem-solver
skilled at identifying and resolving technical issues. Multi-talented Database Administrator with 21 years of expertise in designing, testing
and coding database solutions in various environments. Highly skilled in multiple technologies such as IBM DB2, Netezza Oracle and
MSSQLServer. Motivated self-starter consistently meets deadlines and succeeds in high-pressure environments.

SKILLS
e IBM Netezza Technical Mastery Professional e FTP
e IBM Certified Specialist — Netezza Platform Software v6, V7 © Solaris
e IBM Netezza Database Administration with Subject Matter © WebSphere, SQL
Expert Handling Large database (OLTP) in TB's. e IDS, System Administrator
« IBM Certified Solutions Expert DB2 Database Administration for « Oracle DBA
UNIX, Windows and OS/2 e Informatica
e« IBM DB?. Netezza, Oracle, MSSQLServer DBA e Informix 7.x
e ATX. Windows © Informix 9.4
*« VERITAS Backup. TSM Backup e INFORMIX, TSM
¢ Capacity planning e ICL
« COBOL e Korn Shell, UNIX
« COGNOS * Job control language (JCL)
« Good communication skills e Database analysis
e Client, Problem solving e Database administration
« Data Warehouse, Processes e Data testing
¢ Database, Programmer e Writing queries
¢ Databases, Project management ¢ Microsoft SQL
¢ Database Administration e Microsoft PowerShell
* DB2, Quest e Continuous process improvement
e Designing, Quick learner e Data conversion and migration
¢ Editor, Self-starter © Root cause analysis
e Erwin

¢ UNIX/LINUX Shell scripting
EXPERIENCE

10/2003 to Current Sr. Database Administrator
Quality Custom Distribution — West Valley City, UT
e Established hardware requirements and devised storage capacity solutions for DW systems.
© Defined database design specifications based upon project requirements.
e Performed quality assurance processes to support data warehouse improvements.
e Designed, built, implemented and maintained DW systems (DB2 and Netezza)
e Partnered with project management teams on development of scope and timelines.
¢ Handled all DBA tasks such as database’s logical and physical design, DB objects creation.
e Installed, maintained, implemented, and upgraded databases on various platforms.
e¢ Administered, maintained, and implemented policies and procedures for ensuring the availability, security and
integrity of all databases.
© Developed and administered reorg, backup, and recovery procedures including DR solution.
e Designed and implemented data structures and databases on multiple platforms.
e Created database monitoring tools/scripts and proactively monitored database Performance, Buffer Pools, Critical
alerts, and database Space & index Utilization to meet all database expected goals.
Provided DBA support for applications.
Participated in 24x7 ONCALL support rotation.
Worked together with ETL and BI team to develop the best efficient way to load and extract data.
e Strong analytical ability and good communication skills.
Effectively working with multilevel personnel and project management.

e Self-starter, quick learner who can figure out the inner workings of existing systems.

e Willing to work overtime and provide high quality production 24/7 pager support.

e Expert in trouble shooting, and production problem solving.

e Always work with efficient, confident, thorough, optimistic and positive attitude.

e Perform and play a backup role for various SA(System Administrator) tasks (1.e.

e Create and mount filesystems, raw devices, create and reset UNIX userids, monitoring filesystems, CPU, memory
and paging usage, etc...), Lead DBA team at the BCBSMA(Healthcare) account to design and implement the MQ
replication project where the source is DB2 on z/OS and the target is DB2 UDB on AIX.

e EDS Innovation award winner, design an automatic program to sync-up replication when load utility is used with
log based replication (MQ replication).

e Design and Review for ALL DW projects, performance and tunning for the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW).

¢ Provide ongoing production support including creating and updating DB? instances, DB2 databases , performance
and tuning, backup and restore, planning and install software and fixpaks for DB2, NETEZZA, INFORMIX and
ORACLE.

¢ Designed and implemented automatic database monitor(tablespace usage, invalid object, db2 log and temp space,
etc), database alerts(run away query), server alerts (CPU, Memory, I/O usage) using UNIX korn shell scripting,
AIX and DB2 commands, and DB? table function and SQL.

¢ Perform logical to physical data object translation.

e Participate in hardware capacity planning.

¢ Mentor junior DBAs and Application DBAs.

e Provide DBA support for applications.

e Participate in 24x7 pager support rotation.

e Participated on ILAS training and migration process from current NPS platform onto ILAS platform.

e Environment: DB2 UDB V10.5,V11, IDS 11, NPS .NPS 7.x.x Oracle 91, 10G and 11G, Informatica, Oracle Data
Integrator(ODI), Korn/Bash Shell scripting, Perl, ATX, crontab, TSM, EMC, Solaris, Windows.

03/2001 to 10/2003 Sr. Database Administrator
Quality Custom Distribution — Fontana, CA
- Designed and implemented the Enterprise Data Warehouse.
- Provided ongoing support for all corporate UDB EE/EEE databases including: backup / restore; performance tuning:
creating instances; automating database maintenance activities.
- Mentored junior DBAs
- Tested and implemented software upgrades.
- Provided DBA support for applications.
- Helped in designing ETL processes for the DW project.
- Participate in 24x7 pager support rotation.

09/1998 to 03/2001 Database Administrator
Two95 International Inc. — Tampa, FL
e Responsible for the development and execution of loads, exports, runstats and reorgs.
© Led in backup and recovery design for the Enterprise Data Warehouse.
e Performed logical to physical data object translation.
e Maintained security; performance tuning.
e Participated in hardware capacity planning.
¢ Tested and implemented software upgrades to multiple database environments.
¢ Implemented of a large dimensional warehouse.

04/1996 to 09/1998 System Engineering/DB2 DBA
EDS — City, STATE
e Completed and graduated the. System Engineering training program.
e COBOL, ACL and JCL programmer and a DB2 DBA.
e Environment: COBOL,.ACL, ICL, MVS, TSO, DB2, Windows.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

1996 B. 8: Computer Science/Math
Juniata College - Huntingdon, PA
¢ Completed professional development and training in IBM DB2., Netezza
e EDS Systems Engineer.

ActTrviIries AND Honors

e Math and Computer tutor at the local library WFL (Wareham Free Library) (2009 — 2011)
¢ Helped in the Soup Kitchen at the Boston Food Bank. (1991 - 1992)

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Obtained IBM DB2 and Netezza certification.

e Recognized as EDS MVP for outstanding performance and team contributions.
e EDS Innovation Award winner.

e Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.

Wessttes, Portroiios, PROFILES
© https:/www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-0889453
CERTIFICATIONS

- IBM Certified Solutions Expert DB2 Database Administration for UNIX, Windows and OS/2
- IBM Netezza Technical Mastery Professional
- IBM Certified Specialist — Netezza Platform Software v6, V7