PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ©

()
*

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Versatile, dependable and efficient individual with over twenty years experience working within the customer

service, retail/B2B industry. Diversified skills include administrative support, client relations, product database
maintenance and beginning marketing skills. Desiring to work with a growing organization offering long term
career and growth potential.

« Management & Training e Database Management
« Sales & Invoicing e Dispatching
« Accounts Receivable « Computer skills
« Customer Service e Flexible & Adaptable
« Inventory ¢ Marketing
e Advertising e Social Media
« Data entry e Product Sales & Marketing
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR & MARKETING 03/2018 to CURRENT

Care Atc Inc | Denison, TX

e Create & schedule marketing campaign ideas.

e Monitor customer preferences and sales to determine focus of interest of product and potential future
sales.

e Consult with department heads to plan advertising, secure information on product, determine and
evaluate pricing and discount rates.

e Create & maintain product pages, collections/categories and main landing pages.

e Operate multiple web based applications to run two separate websites and two separate Amazon stores.
Experience specifically with Magento, Shopify, BigCommerce and Amazon SellerCentral.

e Experience with media and marketing programs Mailchimp, Klaviyo, Amazon and Facebook Business.

e Performed ongoing keyword discovery, expansion and optimization to increase organic search footprint
and drive relevant site traffic.

e Contributed to mock-ups, email campaigns and social media content.

e Created unique and engaging content for range of social media platforms including Pinterest,
FaceBook and Instagram.

e Adjusted ads to better align with desired consumer audiences and improve conversion rates.

M.C3SAGE THERAPIST 11/2018 to CURRENT
Ge Appliances | Norfolk, VA

e | practice Swedish, Hot Stones and Craniosacral Therapy modalities.

e Booked appointments, answered phones, greeted clients, handled payments and created client service
tickets for salon.

e Maintained inventory of all care products and made sure equipment and selling areas were fully stocked
and organized.

e Spoke with clients regarding health history, expectations, services and procedures.

e Provided safe. effective and appropriate massage therapy techniques with professionalism and
enthusiastic attitude to maintain 100% customer satisfaction rates.

e Advised clients on lifestyle changes to improve alignment, posture and gait for better long-term
wellness.

e Assessed clients carefully to determine massage needs and potential problems due to individual
physical conditions.

e Offered friendly and efficient service to all customers, handled challenging situations with ease.

e Adhered to social distancing protocols and wore mask or face shield at all times.

DACA PROCESSING MANAGER & ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE COORDINATOR 04/2008 to 03/2018
Cultural Intrigue & Luna Bazaar | City, STATE

e Organization of website data to adequately sell product.

e Analysis of figures to help determine sales or promotions.

e Consult with department heads to plan advertising, secure information on product, determine and
evaluate price schedules and discount rates, create new product pages and discuss ways to improve
work flow.

e Represent company at trade association events to promote products.

e Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, and store information.

e Perform financial calculations such as amounts due, interest charges, balances, discounts and credits.

e Monitor accounts, issue invoices, account statements and other financial statements according to
established procedures.

e Reconcile or note and report discrepancies found upon evaluation.

e Establish accounts with collections based on findings.

e Receive, prepare, record and bank cash. checks and money orders from customers. vendors or other
business related services.

e Perform general office duties such as filing, answering telephones and routine correspondence.

HFCS REPRESENTATIVE 01/2006 to 04/2008
Dollar General | City, STATE

e Answer email correspondence directed to the HRIS department.

e Answered hundreds of calls per day to assist managers from stores across the country.

e Performed administrative and customer service functions by responding to employee inquiries,
addressing employee relations issues and referring to the correct department.

e Organized, sorted and checked hire and termination input data against original documents.

e Entered client information into databases quickly and with minimal errors.

No Degree | Life Coaching
New Skills Academy, Online
Online Certification to be a Life Coach

Cé_tification | Massage Therapy 08/2018
The Massage School , Easthampton, MA

Ba helor of Arts | Music Education 05/2004
Johnson State College, Johnson, VT