SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Multi-talented Database Administrator with 11 years of expertise in designing, testing and coding database
solutions in various environments. Highly skilled in multiple technologies such as Healthcare(Cerner),
Database administrator, Cloud Architecture and Application Express. Motivated self-starter consistently meets
deadlines and succeeds in high-pressure environments.

e Certified Oracle Cloud Architect e Critical Thinking

« Database Administration e Friendly, Positive Attitude

« Senior System Engineer e Reliable & Trustworthy

« Microsoft PowerShell e Data Conversion and Migration

« Shell scripting « Data Management

e Virtual and Cloud Technologies e Problem Resolution

« Database Analysis e Microsoft Office

« Microsoft SQL e Training & Development

« Application Express e Apache Tomcat

« Writing Queries e Data and Systems Architecture

« Continuous Process Improvement e Technology Best Practices

« Information Systems Management e System Testing

e« Root Cause Analysis e« Application Administration

« Good Work Ethic e = Infrastructure Buildout
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 2-IT 10/2022 to CURRENT

Prolim Global | Newport News, VA

Analyzed database applications and made necessary adjustments to parameters and architecture to
improve performance.

Analyzed and developed technical and functional specifications for databases.

Provided support for complex issues related to software tools, applications and databases.

Defined synchronization plan for patch management.

Collaborated with stakeholders to gather business requirements for enhancements and change
requests.

Migrated ON-Prim Databases to Oracle cloud Infrastructure.

Built and Managed EXADATA Databases in Oracle cloud Infrastructure (OCI)

Created a Database backup to OCI and restore tool using Application Express.

DACABASE ADMINISTRATOR 3 01/2019 to 10/2022

Caci International Inc. | Orlando, FL

Analyzed database applications and made necessary adjustments to parameters and architecture to
improve performance.

Provided support for complex issues related to software tools, applications and databases.

Analyzed and developed technical and functional specifications for databases.

Created and monitored performance metrics to keep databases functioning at optimal capacity.
Defined database design specifications based upon project requirements.

Worked with software vendors to analyze and resolve software installation and ongoing support issues.
Developed data models and database designs to plan projects.

Supported end users in selecting, procuring and using software applications.

Aligned systems with business needs to enhance scalability of database structures and recommend
improvements.

Consulted with internal departments to identify customer needs to include in project objectives.

SYOTEM ENGINEER 2 08/2014 to 01/2019
Agfa | Munich, ND

Provided effective resolutions to issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality
service.

Maintained servers, software and operating system equipment.

Maintained database and server storage.

Provided exemplary helpdesk service and support to assist customers.

Provided needs assessment, systems analysis, troubleshooting and resolution.

Managed, troubleshot, backed up and restored data, operating systems. files, documents and drivers to
provide comprehensive systems management and support.

Trained and directed users on correct use of software and hardware within systems.

Participated in IT department meetings to identify continuous improvement opportunities and enhance
delivery of IT services to users.

Kept systems operating efficiently by performing necessary upgrades and repairs.

Provided appropriate permissions to users for accessing files and databases.

Implement policies, procedures and best practices to safeguard and protect data, reports and access.
Increased team productivity and automated repetitive tasks with batch files, PowerShell and VBScript.
Performed data backups and disaster recovery operations.

Conducted basic troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems.

Worked closely with systems analysts, engineers and programmers to understand limitations, develop
Capabilities and resolve software problems.

Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workflow.

Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.

SYOTEM ENGINEER 07/2012 to 07/2014
Cerner | City, STATE

Provided effective resolutions to issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality
service.

Built and Maintained servers, software and operating system equipment.

Provided exemplary helpdesk service and support to assist customers.

Installed Cerner software

Planned, implemented and integrated updated system-oriented projects.

Ran operational tests on systems and equipment to reinforce proper processes and remedy
malfunctions.

Installed and Managed Citrix software

Preformed Midtier software validation testing

Managed/Maintained testing environments

Profiled the largest client at the time Database

Bachelor of Science | Information Technology 05/2012
Southern Illinois University Carbondale, Carbondale, IL