ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

LANGUAGES

EDUCATION

)

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

«  T-Drive: Enhancing Driving Directions with Taxi Drivers' Intelligence’ Proposed Major Project.

« Proposed methodology tests the smart driving direction system that leverages the intelligence of
experienced drivers.

« Where, the GPS- equipped taxis are employed as mobile sensors probing the traffic rhythm of a city
and taxi drivers' intelligence in choosing driving directions in the physical world.

« Tools Used: Java, MongoDB, MySQL, SQL server data tools (SSDT) Chat Server Academic Course
Project.

e« The 'Chat Server' system is developed using JAVA technology.

« This provides complete secure platform to the user where all the information and chat messages can be
stored and reused when required.

e Scientific Calculator Academic Course Project.

e Designed a scientific calculator using JAVA technology that can be used for all the science, mathematics
and arithmetic based calculations.

« Tools Used: Java, Javascript, CSS, Eclipse, Netbeans IDE, PHP Paper Presentation on "Appletalk".

« Presented a seminar on 'AppleTalk', a network operating system that is designed to connect to the
Apple computers for communication.

e [t's components are built on Macintosh Operating Systems.

Recent college graduate with network administration knowledge, including back-up, security management, e-
mail systems and applications support.

e MySQL, IBM BD2, SAP, MongoDB, SSDT « Good communication skills
e Server Operating Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix ¢ Excellent problem solving abilities
* Web technologies: HTML, CSS, XML, Jquery °

« Core Java/C/C++

DATABASE INTERN 09/2014 to 02/2015
Stantec Inc.

e Assigned to work with the development team and worked for the database management.
e Been responsible in supporting the backend development team for the data management.
e Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all work orders.

DEC\ PROJECT TRAINEE 07/2015 to 2016
Futurine | City

e Assigned to work with the backend team on database management administration.
e Responsible to work and maintain the database of the client and company.
e Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.

English, Hindi, Telugu, and Urdu

Bachelor of Science MAY 2016
Osmania University, Hyderabad

Mi ster of Science | Computer Science CURRENT
University of Illinois, Springfield