PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned IT Professional with extensive experience in Database Administration, Change Management and
CyberSecurity. Proficient in a diverse range of database platforms, including on-prem and cloud databases.
Demonstrated skill in identifying risk and compliance issues and finding solutions. Skilled in working under
pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to enhance the organizational brand. Highly
organized and motivated to learn new skills and technologies.

« Database Support e Production Work

« Implementing Security Measures « Multiple database platform support
e Writing Queries e Risk Mitigation Plans

« Running Backups e Developing Security Plans

e« Risk Management Framework e Monitoring Tools

« Compliance with Security Requirements e Change Control Documentation

SENIOR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATIONS ANALYST (DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR) 01/2017 to 09/2022
Republic Financial | Byram, MS

e Working knowledge of multiple database platforms (DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL. mySQL,
Sybase and Snowflake).

e Review and execute simple to complex database changes (DDL and DML) for production and lower-
level environments. Prioritizing diverse tasks to meet critical deadlines.

e Modify multiple relational or object-oriented databases including Oracle, DB2, PostgreSQL, mySQL,
Sybase, SQL Sever and Snowflake

e Utilized RDBMS tools and utilities to monitor, tune and optimize system performance.

e Utilize ITIL Data Governance standards for data privacy and data masking.

e Extensive ServiceNow experience, assisted with development and testing as well as helping with
customizing out-of-the-box features.

e Work with application development teams to develop or modify database architectures.

e Evaluate change requests and deployments to ensure all relevant information required is included.

e Proficient use of database tools such as Visual Studio, DB Visualizer, SQL Server Management Studio,
PG Admin 4 and DataGrip.

e Wrote and maintained technical and functional specifications to document database intentions and
requirements.

e Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and
maintaining servers.

e Worked with business and technical partners to develop and implement procedures to prevent data loss
and maximize system availability.

CKONGE & INCIDENT MANAGEMENT ANALYST 01/2014 to 01/2017
T. Rowe Price | City, STATE

e Acted as a point of contact for critical and time sensitive production issues.

e Coordinated weekly change management activities with multiple support groups.

e Assisted with compliance and security issues across various platforms and support groups.

e Controlled risk and minimized production down-time through scheduling and timed production releases.

e Worked with multiple vendors to resolve production impacts and coordinate activities.

e Utilized ITIL framework and strategy to effectively manage change throughout technology portfolio.

e Handled off-hours production issues and scheduled releases to ensure efficient implementation and
reduce down-time.

e Created technical documentation for policies and procedures related to Change Management.

e Strong customer service skills, provided service to all levels of management and client base.

e Point person on sensitive issues — both client and vendor supervisor escalations.

e Handled tier 2 escalations, acting as Subject Matter Expert on various applications and systems.

e Assuring all priority issues were addressed within correct SLAs.

e Assessed critical situations to assure proper downtime procedures were taken.

e Notifying and providing updates to impacted customer bases as needed.

SEIOR HELP DESK ANALYST 01/2009 to 01/2014
T. Rowe Price

e Provide internal support to all T. Rowe Price associates supporting three major call centers and
international offices.

e Troubleshot and diagnosed issues with over 400 applications in Windows/Unix/Mac enterprise
environment.

e Properly documented and escalated issues using Remedy Ticket Tracking system and ServiceNow.

e Proficient ability to multi-task and track various tickets to resolution.

e Member of Order Processing Team following strict procedures to appropriately purchase and distribute
software/hardware.

e Using technical writing skill, maintained Help Desk Remedy and ServiceNow Knowledge Database:
updating and documenting new procedures.

e Providing technical assistance to firm's client base: troubleshooting various types of media to ensure
availability of all T. Rowe Price financial applications.

TEOHNICAL SUPPORT ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 01/2006 to 01/2009
Comcast

e Performed Tier 1 technical support for Comcast customers for Internet related services and technology.
e Assisted with network troubleshooting for wired and wireless network services.

e Point-person for supervisor and management escalations on technical matters.

e Assisted customers with reviewing and configuring Internet security software (Norton, McAfee).

e Worked with Tier 2 support on advanced and complex Internet and VOIP configuration issues.

e Provided technical support on VOIP and telephony issues, specifically ARRIS and Motorola platforms.

e Frequently led new-hire classes to train and develop new-hires for Comcast Technical Support.

Bachelor of Science | Cybersecurity 05/2014
University of Maryland, University College, Maryland

AsCociates | Information Technology Support 04/2011
University of Phoenix

Hig.n School Diploma 05/2003
Baltimore Polytechnic Institute, Baltimore, MD