Database Administrator Phane: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Over 9+ years of experience as a SQL DBA. Strive to bring creativity to problem-solving and have
strong time management and organizational skills. Cornmunicate with diplornacy and tact, and
work to provide strong customer service focused attitude Responsible for Interviewing, evaluating,
training, and developing junior SQL DBA tearn members.

Skills

Microsoft SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SOL, Database Management, Microsoft Administration,
Linux Systerns Administration, and Linux Systems Adrninistration.

Work Experience

Database Administrator
ABC Corporation - October 2010 - Present

* Supporting the data center move frorn the childrens mernorial hospital to the newly built Lurie
childrens hospital.

* Defining and implernenting SOL onboarding process including a residency policy.

* Defining and documenting standards for installations, drive layouts, performance
benchrnarks, file configurations, shared environments,
Implementing 9 production and 2 test always-on high availability groups In SQL 2012/2014
which, were a mix of physical and VM servers.
Architecting the SOL listener on named instances requiring additianal configuration,
Designing and implernenting the SQL data layer for a network resource allocation and asset
tracking application from scratch to handling the hospital network infrastructure of 30,000
network runs and 45,000 devices at the start of the new hospital.

* Building shared SQL environments in SQL 2008, 2012, 2014 moving away from tol
applicatior/instance ratio, providing data resources Instead of a database server for every
need,

Database Administrator
ABC Corporation - June 2010 - October 2010
* Implemented a structured code promotion schedule to manage dally production code rollouts.
* Starting to put a process in place like change control and beginning to standardize the rights
of everyone including the data team.
* Developed both SSIS and DTS developrnent and maintenance for internal and third-party
applications.
* Identifying locks, detecting locked and blocked objécts session, and releasing the same for
maintaining the database performance,
* Supported SSIS packages for ETL projects as well as supporting vendor SSIS packages.
* Moving the archived logs to the backup destination and reqguiarly clearing the archived log

files.
* Virtual edge source systern has over LOO0gb of data on ms SQL server database for nearly 300

clients,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines