SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Asa SQL Server DBA for 5+ years now, my experience spans the installation and configuration of different

versions of SQL server following Microsoft best practices. | have carried out projects involving upgrading and
patching lower to higher versions of Sql server. Monitoring and securing my environment has been my daily
responsibilities. In a mission critical scenario i have managed High Availability and Disaster Recovery
solutions such as Always-On Availability Group, Log shipping, Replication, Traditional Failover Clustering,
database mirroring in both stand alone and cluster environments. Utilizing SQL Server Integration Services
(SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).

« Capability to lead projects, maintains a e Engages with others and works with integrity and
supportive and collaborative teamwork ethically; upholds organizational values.
environment; encourages teamwork in others sensitive and responsive to internal and external

« Communicate effectively across teams, functions needs; maintains a positive attitude, willing to
and departments, communicate clearly and seek solutions.
concisely and adjust communication style to e Strong communication skills, written and verbal

improve performance.

MS SQLSERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 09/2021 to CURRENT
Kohls Distribution | City, STATE

| have Solid knowledge and experience with database design, performance tuning, query optimization,
indexes, data migration tools, data analysis, stored procedure programming, linked servers, SQL Server
setup and installation.

| have extensive experience in maintaining, monitoring, and managing MS SQL Server databases in all
environments.

| have handled projects whereby i Proactively and reactively resolve database performance and capacity
issues, including managing indexes, SQL trace data, audits, and alerting. Research and develop new ways to
improve existing functionality and increase uptime and performance.

| have 5+ years experience managing Microsoft SQL Server 2008 to 2019 with extensive knowledge of new
features.

| have Working knowledge of Always On, SQL Replication, SQL Clustering, Active Directory management
(users, groups, permission assignment), Extended Events, Storage Area Networks (SANs) as relates to SQL
Server, disaster recovery concepts (RPO, RTO), SQL Service Broker.

| have managed projects migrating on-premises databases to Azure PaaS (Managed Instance / Azure SQL
Database)and also provide guidance and recommend architecture changes to ensure compatibility with Azure
PaaS services.

| have working experience multitasking, ability to work well in a fast-paced environment, strong organizational
skills and attention to details as well as verbal and written communication skills.

Utilizing SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) and SQL Server
Analysis Services (SSAS)

MOSQL SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 08/2079 to 09/2021
Rite Aid Distribution Center | City, STATE

| have handled projects designing database schemas, building tables, writing store procedures and working
with the application development team.

| have worked on projects wherein i maintain and monitor all redundancy and disaster recovery configurations
for SQL systems, tune performance. troubleshooting and resolving MS SQL server issues in production
thereby ensuring availability and optimal performance of the SQL databases that support the business
systems environment.

| proactively and reactively resolve database performance and capacity issues, including managing indexes,
SQL trace data, audits, and alerting.

| provide 24/7 support for critical Production systems by performing scheduled maintenance and support
release deployment activities after hours.

| carried out projects managing SQL Server jobs and Windows scheduled tasks, upgrading SQL Server laaS
(Virtual Machine) deployments and monitor SQL Database mail end-to-end.

| have experience managing systems in Microsoft Azure cloud platform, strong knowledge of SQL Server
Fundamentals:migrating on-premises databases to Azure PaaS (Managed Instance / Azure SQL Database).

MOSQL SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR 05/2017 to 11/2018
WAHEL GURU | City, STATE

| perform and document the physical database design to comply with DBA standards and provide optimum
performance for the application systems.

| handled projects wherein i was in charge of creating and/or modify reports to better serve the business
workflows.

Help to establish best practices to standardize, document, and continuously improve workflows related to the
Microsoft Dynamics GP system.

| perform and oversee regular backups of all databases and database servers.

Worked with software developers to design and implement new database schemas, stored procedures, user
defined functions, data transformation service packages, scheduled jobs, etc.

Bachelor of Science | Computer And Information Sciences 06/2012
Pan African Institute For Development, Buea-Cameroon