JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Senior-level High School Science Teacher with over 3 years of expertise in various scientific fields. Adept at helping students to overcome
learning challenges and achieve academic goals. Experienced in applying laboratory-based learning models to enhance skillsets. Demonstrates
scientific concepts by using apparatus, experiments, charts, sketches and other instructional aids. Develops lesson plans by incorporating
effective lesson design and instructs pupils in proper use, care and safe handling of chemicals, science equipment and plant and animal life.
Establishes and maintains standards of pupil behavior to provide orderly, productive environment during instructional activities and support
educational mission. Enthusiastic life-long learner eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Clear understanding of science and lab and training in biology and chemistry. Motivated to leam, grow and excel in the
healthcare field.

SKILLS
e Performance motivation e Willingness to Learn
e Lab-based learning models e CPR Certification
e Classroom management e Basic Life Support
e Time Management e Attention to Detail
e Multitasking and Prioritization * Calm Under Stress
Work HIsToRy

High School Science Teacher, 08/2018 - 06/2021
Friendship Schools — Washington, DC
¢ Taught science courses using lab-based learning model to deepen subject mastery.
¢ Kept classroom environments consistent and focused on learning by establishing and enforcing clear objectives.
e Assessed submitted class assignments, determined grades and reviewed work with struggling students to boost success chance.
© Developed and administered detailed science curriculum to over 300 high school students.
e Inspired academic success based on belief that all students can achieve excellence, regardless of background.
¢ Provided student academic support outside class time to improve learning and performance.
¢ Offered clear and constructive student discipline, discouraging inappropriate behavior and bullying.
*« Demonstrated positive and effective classroom management skills.
* Understood critical development years for adolescent minds and structured lessons to meet cognitive abilities.
e Assessed student comprehension through regular quizzes, tests and assignments.
« Communicated with students and parents regarding academic progress, assignments and behavior.

Lead Preschool Teacher, 10/2015 - 07/2019
Clayton Early Learning — Denver, CO
Sanitized toys and play equipment each day to maintain safety and cleanliness.
* Maintained well-controlled classrooms by clearly outlining standards and reinforcing positive behaviors.
¢ Promoted sensory development by providing access to different textures.
* Utilized books, songs and games to engage students.
e Allowed for ample outdoor discovery time in schedule each day.
e Educated students in foundational concepts such as shapes, numbers and letters.
* Observed children to identify individuals in need of additional support and developed strategies to improve assistance.
¢ Consulted with parents to build and maintain positive support networks and support continuing education strategies.
¢ Promoted physical, academic and social development by implementing diverse classroom and outside activities.
e Applied play-based strategies, including crafts and games, to provide diverse approaches to learning.
e Assisted and supervised 12 children through entire school day.
e Identified signs of emotional and developmental problems in children and reported to parents.

Waitress, 08/2014 - 10/2015
Cache Creek Casino Resort — Brooks, CA
e Shared knowledge of menu items and flavors, enabling customers to make personal decisions based on taste and interest.
e Displayed enthusiasm and promoted excellent service to customers, successfully increasing referrals and walk-in business.
e Maintained customer satisfaction with timely table check-ins to assess food and beverage needs.
e Resolved guest and employee complaints to maintain complete customer satisfaction and workforce effectiveness.
e Stayed up-to-date on menu changes to help customers make food choices.
* Collaborated with kitchen staff to correctly update customers on unavailable dishes and wait times.
e Bussed and reset tables to keep dining room and work areas clean.
¢ Folded napkins and prepared silverware sets to provide adequate supply for host station.
e Stored food in designated containers and storage areas to increase shelf life, improve kitchen organization and provide easy access during
busy peak service times.
e Greeted new customers, discussed specials and took drink orders.
e Kept server areas clean and stocked to increase efficiency while working tables.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Biology, 12/2016
James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA