JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e 15+ years of IT experience with the last 12 years in healthcare. Responsibilities included finding ways to utilize technology to achieve
corporate strategic goals and bringing IT and healthcare professionals together to determine best practices and refine work flow processes.
Worked closely with physicians and nurses and have built working relationships involving trust and respect. Served in the lead role on
numerous software implementations, process and work flow improvement teams. Extensive experience in software, hardware, finance
healthcare and project management, which has allowed me to have a big picture outlook. Key Strengths

e Project Management

e Vendor Management

e Hardware and Software Knowledge

e Systems Integration and Deployment

e Analytics and Reporting

e 12 Years Healthcare Experience

e End User Training and Support

e Team Lead

e Systems Backup and Recovery

e Database Maintenance and Migration

e Data Management

e User Security Policies Excellent organization skills.

¢ Highly motivated and detail orientated.

* Successfully manages multiple projects simultaneously.

e Understands patient life cycle from registration to billing and coding.

e Experienced in system testing, conversion, implementation and quality assurance.

e Experience working with clinical staff, including doctors, surgeons, nurses and CRNA staff.

SKILLS

e Experience with Quick Books accounting software. e Backup, ACCESS, Software support
e Report writing software including Crystal Reports, WEBL SSIS, e Billing, Exchange, Troubleshooting

SQL and BI Launchpad. ¢ BL Microsoft Exchange Server, Validation
¢ Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory. e C++, Windows, View
e Programming in C++, Java, Visual Basic 6.0, SQL, MUMPS and e HARDWARE, 2000, Vista

Visual Basic -net. ¢ Computer maintenance, Windows (XP, Visual Basic 6.0
e Experience with automation software (Lab Windows, lab View and Contract negotiations, Migration, WANS

Intellusion Control software). ® Crystal Reports, MUMPS, Written
e Experience with IBM’s AS400. e Database, Enterprise

e Configuring and installing windows servers and exchange servers. Databases, Networks
e Experience with Virtual environments and VMWARE management e Database creation, Network

software. * Document Management, ORACLE
e Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8 and Windows 10). e ERP. PLSQL
e Experience with SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2008R2,2012 and =e Faxes, PLC
2014. e Finance, Policies
e Experience with Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008. And 2012 e Hubs, Printers
¢ Visual Basic net, Invoicing, Reporting e IBM, Programming
* Visual Basic.net, Java, Routers e DB2, Purchasing
e General accounting, LANS, Scheduling e Inventory management, Quick Books
e Accounting software, Team Lead, Servers ¢ Inventory, Report writing

e Active Directory, Managing, Shipping

e Administrative, Materials Management, SQL
* Go Live, Mentoring, SQL Server 2000

e AS400, MS ACCESS, Switches

e Automation, Microsoft Access, SYBASE

WorK HISTORY

Database Administrator/Programmer Analyst, 02/2006 - Current
Rice Memorial Hospital — City, STATE

* Responsible for all reporting and several Go live teams at Rice Memorial Hospital.

e Team Lead on several software implementations, most notably, EPIC implementation, Mckesson ERP Go Live, Willmar Regional Cancer
Center implementation, Quantum Enterprise Scheduling implementation and Quantum Document Management implementation.

¢ Iam also the Database Administrator, so I am responsible for all database related tasks.

e Maintenance, Migration and Backup of SQL, ORACLE, ACCESS, DB2 and SYBASE databases.

e Direct working relationships with directors, administrators and upper management to write custom reports in SQL, MS ACCESS, EPIC
Reporting Work Bench, Crystal Reports, ORACLE PLSQL and MUMPS Query language.

* Creation and implementation of best practices for report writing, validation and report requests.

e Report governance and database governance.

e Reporting and software support for Lab, Operating Room, Finance, Patient Billing, Emergency Room, Hemodialysis, Materials
Management, Inpatient, Scheduling, Registration, Cancer Center, Pharmacy, Anesthesia and Medical Records.

e Training, mentoring and managing new report writing staff.

¢ Develop plan for legacy system migration and working with medical records staff to determine record retention policies.

e Database creation using Microsoft Access.

¢ Troubleshooting server and network problems.

e Working with vendors on contract negotiations.

e Testing and supporting interfaces written in HL7.

e Experience with VHA and Truven Health on Imperative value-based purchasing initiative.

Computer Programmer / Technician / Network Manager, 05/2004 - 02/2006
AEI, Automated Environments Inc — City, STATE
e Responsible for all things IT.
¢ Being a small business I was also responsible for many administrative tasks, including inventory, invoicing and shipping.
¢ Programming in Visual Basic net and Visual Basic 6.0.
¢ Setting up and managing WANS and LANS.
* Installing control systems for poultry houses.
e Installing configuring and troubleshooting software written in Lab view, Lab windows and Intellusion.
e Installing and configuring IBM’s AS400.
* Setting up networks for Wild Blue satellite dishes.
e General accounting and inventory management using Quick Books.
Installing circuit boards and other low voltage devices.
e Configuring, setting up, testing and troubleshooting PLC Equipment for Environmental Control.
¢ Installing. configuring, and maintaining windows Servers.
¢ Performing, configuring and scheduling backups for disaster control.
e Setting up and maintaining Microsoft Exchange Server.

Computer Systems Builder, 09/2002 - 01/2004
The Computer Man Inc — City, STATE
e Responsible for troubleshooting customer computers, and building new PCs for customers.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, Business Administration
Southwest Minnesota State University - Marshall, MN
GPA: 3.79

AFFILIATIONS

Understanding of Health Information Management process and procedures