SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

© Versatile professional and hands-on leader who motivates, trains and coaches employees to drive progress

toward project and company milestones.

« Customer-oriented e Strategic thinker
e Employee training and development e Superb communication skills
e Client and vendor relations ¢ Detail oriented
e Invoicing and purchase orders e Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
« MS Office e Proficiency in web designing
e Advanced problem solving skills ¢ Professional demeanor
e Driven ¢ bilingual
GRAPHIC DESIGNER 04/2014 to 2016

Motion Recruitment | San Francisco, MA

e Tracked and evaluated staff performance. and handled all promotions and terminations.

e Completed purchase orders and customer invoices.

e Prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards.
e Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.

e« Recommended techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects.

GF.APHIC DESIGNER 07/2012 to 2016
Motion Recruitment | San Leandro, CA

e Created visuals that appeal to leaders in the big data and high-tech world.

e Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters.

e Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs.

e Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple projects.

e Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building expectations with uniquely
assigned accounts and customers.

CLORK 02/2013 to 04/2014
Aaa Of Southern California | Austin, TX

e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
e Cleaned and straightened work area.

e Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.

e Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.
e Organized register supplies.

e Unboxed new merchandise.

¢ Updated register logs.

e Provided professional and courteous service at all times.
e Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

certificate | Computer Technician Network Specialist
Fresno City College, Fresno, CA

Data Entry, Customer Service, Human Resources Leadership, Interpersonal Skills, Inventory control .
Marketing, Problem Resolution

Project management, Staff Training,Staffing, administrative

Bilingual: English and Spanish