SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Designer with more than 15 years in product design, manufacturing, exhibit design and visual merchandising.
with comprehensive management and logistics experience who thrives in dynamically changing environments.

e« Design processing expertise e« Knowledgeable of quality control standards
« Proficient in AutoCAD e Procurement specialist

« Adobe Photoshop e Dedication to product quality

« Concept development « Compliance with GMPs

« Product specifications

« Color and material application

e Strong leader

e Proficient with furniture systems
e Vendor sourcing

Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements.

DESIGNER 02/2014 to 10/2015
Altair | Wittmann, AZ

e Design and built custom furniture from client's initial conceptual idea.

e Create CAD drawings for approval

e Create estimate of pricing

e Provide finish samples and fabrics cuttings for approval, Creates. reviews, and modifies all specification
documentation including approval drawings, supplier drawings, and all specifications.

e Responsible for correct building and finishing of product designed

e Completed key projects on time, on budget and with a high level of accuracy.

e Reviewed production orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product
availability.

e Established and adjusted work procedures to meet production schedules.

e Supervised production schedules, production quality and on time delivery.

SEQIOR PRODUCTION MANAGER 01/2006 to 02/2014
Brightview Landscapes, Lic | Canyon Lake, CA

e Management of Production team

e Responsible for price quotations of all custom quotes in the Formations product line

e Also responsible for accurate generation of Order Acknowledgment and related approval drawings
when necessary, and review and launch of "Standard" product line.

e Worked closely with R&D department, assisting as necessary in the development of new products.

e Created, reviewed, and modified all specification documentation including approval drawings, supplier
drawings, and all specifications in the MAS 200 system, and E2 ShopTec System.

e Reviewed and maintained pricing for all Formations product line, meeting directly with owners to
evaluate value-engineering concepts and options.

e Developed, evaluated, and maintained the quality of our vendors and products.

e Prepared analysis of new designs for overall feasibility and possible incorporation into the standard line
of products.

e Responsible to oversee and supervise the team in production of all products verifying proper assembly
techniques, finishes, upholstery, and development of necessary implementation.

e Communicated and instructed sales to assure a smooth flow of information throughout the production
process.

e Maintained average turn-around on all custom quotes and estimates.

e Assisted in the daily questions and issues related to "Custom" work and/or engineering of orders to the
respective department supervisors, when necessary.

e Authorized the fulfillment of requests for repairs, orders returns/cancellation and discounts.

e Interacted with all managers to solve/discuss issues, concerns, updates, projects, and deadlines for all
demands.

PROJECT MANAGER 05/2004 to 10/2005
Logicmonitor | Boston, MA

e Space and furniture planning

e Design capabilities along with strong organizational and communication skills, creation of FF&E. color &
materials.

e Coordination of drawings and information with other disciplines while providing design support for
completion and execution of design projects (Space planning, details, specifications, material palettes).

e Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.

e Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.

e Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and
proposed changes.

e Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

e Responsible for small maintenance projects as the Viceroy Hotel in Santa Monica.

© Associate of Arts | Interior and Furniture Design

Santa Monica College, Santa Monica, CA
Certified Interior Designer

Bz helor of Laws (LLB) | Contract
Universidade Candido Mendes, Rio de Janeiro, CA

Fluent in Portuguese and English Intermediate Spanish

AutoCad drafting

3D Rendering
Material Board
Communication skills
conceptual design
material organizational