Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Highly motivated professional offering BFA in Design and photography background. Adds value to any organization in need of
great collaboration, interpersonal, and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines every time. Portfolio:Visionlantestudios.com

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts: Illustration & Design, 05/2014

Columbus College of Art & Design - Columbus, OH
¢ President of Black Student leadership Association 3 years
e Student Rep for Diversity Task Force faculty Committee
e Life Member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc.

Experience

Freelance Graphic Designer, 01/2013 to Current
Planned Parenthood Of Greater Ohio — Athens, OH
¢ Worked with 25+ small business to produce, mockup, and present graphic designs for entrepreneurs and startups in need of
brand identity and marketing services.
¢ Produced and finished 5 full branding projects in 2019 resulting in 15% client growth by 2020.
¢ Developed, designed, and managed 3 websites on WIX for small fortune 500 companies and setup SEO requirements for their

website.

Creative Director, 01/2020 to 05/2021
Shopanova — Austin, TX
¢ Collaborated with 3 account executives including Sales Lead to strategize development of new marketing strategies to
accomplish monthly sales goals and address issues related to flying private.
¢ Trained and mentored 4 subordinates, and monitored performance in key areas such as CANVA designs, photoshoots, welcome
packets, and meeting deadlines with assignments .
¢ Developed content strategy on website blog, instagram page, and LinkedIn to increase traffic by 15% monthly. Tracked
campaign performance weekly through instagram analytics.

Device Tech and Sales Associate, 03/2019 to 07/2020
Brokerx — Chicago, IL
e Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional in stressful situations.
e Exceeded monthly sale goals consistently by 15% or higher awarding our location best in State of Indiana, Top 10 in the US.
e Surpassed annual quota by 5.5%.
¢ Maintained relationships and followed up with customers.
¢ Negotiated product sales and trade-in deals for maximum profit.
¢ Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.
e Provided near real-time price quotes for chevy vehicles.

e Increased repeat customer base by maintaining relationships with high-profile clients and effectively managing service issues.

Director of Marketing , 06/2017 to 03/2019
Millionhaires Barber College — City, STATE
¢ Increased enrollment by 8% in a month by identifying key clients, target audience and promoting priority service.
¢ Networked and built permanent relationships with directors at national conferences to identify business development
techniques and new revenue streams.

¢ Grew sales by 20% developing robust marketing plans

Skills
* Microsoft Office e Logo Design
¢ Video Editing e Public Speaking
¢ Problem Solving ¢ Active Listening
¢ Website design * Team Building
e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign) e Multi-tasking

e SEO e Organization