JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Strongly seasoned and hardworking Illustrator and Administrator with extraordinary creative thinking and project design abilities. Adept
multitasker with the ability to bring projects to completion with complete efficiency and accuracy. Able to work well independently or as a
member of any team. Hardworking and reliable and highly organized, proactive leader with strengths in communication and collaboration.
Talented at training new hires. managing employee files and screening potential employees. Adaptable and willing to go extra mile and learn
new tasks and scheduling. Career-minded individual with talents in handling routine administrative tasks, including preparing reports, taking
messages and sorting and routing mail. Comfortable working in fast-paced, demanding office environment. High-performing Administrator
offering extensive experience working with diverse client base and delivering exceptional results. Polished in managing client relations, liaising
with internal stakeholders and managing vendor relationships. Proficient in MS Office suite and exceptional typist with over 45+ WPM.

SKILLS

e Adobe Flash, Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, and Indesign e Expert Microsoft Office skills

e Expert oral and written communicator e Payroll

e Expert Typist (40 words per minute) e Trainer

e Accelerated learner ¢ Multi-tasking abilities

e Familiarity with CSS and HTML e Exceptional Customer service skills

¢ Strategic thinker

EXPERIENCE

Designer, 10/2019 - Current
Vsa Partners — San Francisco, CA
e Design graphics for building signage and vehicle wraps.
e Consult with clients about design solutions.
e Manage daily printing and plotter operations.
¢ Provide scaled mock-up designs for clients to view.
e Assist in production and installation of graphics.
¢ Collaborated with team of designers to offer improvements and direction on others' projects.
* Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions.
* Submitted rough drafts to clients and management to gain approval.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.
¢ Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

¢ Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.

Illustrator, 06/2018 - Current
Department Of Defense — Rapid City, SD
® Creates Illustrations for children’s education.
e Writing stories for child and family learning.
¢ Storyboard ideas for future education ideas.
* Creates animations for short stories for kids.
e Creates emojis for web and social media use.
* Manages social media accounts for child financial education.
e Responsible for scheduled posting of new content.
e Transformed artistic concepts into characters, environments and other objects to reflect artist's vision.
e Brainstormed with marketing and creative personnel to design high-quality images and illustrations for custom projects.
e Applied learned color theory and lighting techniques into designs to add dimension and depth.
e Nurtured relationships with artists and other internal partners to create positive rapport for future projects.
e Managed client accounts, including addressing inquiries and applying feedback to meet customer needs.

Lead Supervisor, 05/2013 - 06/2018
Cole Haan — Asheville, NC
e Responsible for day to day cafe operations.
¢ Consult with clients about catering events.
¢ Organized layouts for catering events.
¢ Established an effective team workflow for every shift.
e Created detailed documents of monthly inventory.
e Managed new acquired shipments.
¢ Enforced rules and procedures for accuracy, efficiency and safety.
* Documented timecard data, maintenance logs and production logs.
* Coordinated efficient line changeovers to meet standards and maximize uptime.
* Communicated daily schedule and delegated work to employees.
* Monitored daily operations for quality and adherence to work order specifications.
e Supervised, trained and guided 13 member team on daily activities.
e Supervised and trained customer service team members to provide exceptional service, driving retention and satisfaction.
e Automated office operations, managed client correspondence and tracked records.
e Monitored supplier operations to verify quality, delivery schedule and conformance to contract specifications.
¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line profitability.
e Maximized customer satisfaction by quickly addressing and resolving complaints with food or service.
¢ Monitored and counted food stock and supplies to reorder on time.
e Administered payroll for over 13 employees.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor's Degree: Fine Arts, 2016
Auburn University - Montgomery, AL
e Dean's List Honoree 2012 - 2014

High School Diploma: 05/2011
Brewbaker Technology Magnet High School - Montgomery, AL