PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Accomplished Customer Experience Agent with extensive experience providing quality services in challenging

environments. Establishes relationships with customers, analyzes customer needs and resolves complaints.
Possesses excellent communication and problem-solving skills.

« Strong customer service skills e Attention to detail and accuracy

« Ability to multi-task e Time management and organizational skills
¢ Ability to prioritize and manage time e Team oriented

« Effective communication skills « CRM

« Decision making and problem-solving skills

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE DESIGNER 09/2018 to CURRENT
Fifth Third Bank | South Chicago Heights, IL

e« Generate all related paperwork and necessary information required for customer orders, check all
special orders.

e Liaise directly with Sales, Operations & Transportation to ensure a smooth and positive customer
experience.

e Trace orders and notify customers of any activity concerning their order.

e Maintain excellent working relationships with customers by responding to all inquiries concerning work
orders, invoices, shipments, inventory counts, etc., in courteous and efficient manner.

e Report customer feedback to management including signs of customer dissatisfaction.

« Actas liaison between accounting and customer regarding invoicing and credit changes.

« Oversee all paperwork associated with orders and invoicing while maintaining corresponding files.

« Maintain current and accurate procedure manual that details processing requirements for each
account.

« Answer phone calls, greet visitors and perform scheduling as required.

« Operate various types of office machines and computers necessary to perform duties.

e Effectively correspond with customers.

« Navigate through Navis for container and booking information.

e Collaborated with internal team members to resolve customer concerns and deliver enhanced customer
experiences.

« Trained new customer service agents on policies and procedures to support favorable customer
experiences.

« Responded to high volume of incoming calls utilizing listening and communication skills to identify
customer problems, needs, and opportunities.

e Utilized telephone. online chat, and email platforms to deliver outstanding customer service.

« Enhanced industry and technical knowledge through active participation in learning and growth
opportunities.

« Investigated customer complaints and escalated issues to address critical requests.

« Maintained extensive knowledge of company products to recommend items aligned with customer
needs.

« Documented customer interactions in internal database to maintain customer service history details.

e Adhered to established customer satisfaction strategies to support swift issue resolution.

« Monitored customer feedback to identify areas of improvement in customer experience.

« Cooperated closely with other departments to support achievement of customer experience outcomes.

« Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

« Promptly responded to inquiries and requests from prospective customers.

e Managed over 50 customer calls per day customer call guidelines for service levels, handle time and
productivity.

« Demonstrated creativity and resourcefulness through the development of innovative solutions.

e« Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 12/2015 to 09/2018
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Sorrento, CA

e Organized and worked with detailed office and warehouse records, used computer to enter, access,
search or retrieve data.

e Used computer for various applications, such as database management or word processing.

e Answered telephones over 50 customer calls per day and gave information to callers. took messages,
or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.

e Increased efficiency and team productivity by promoting operational best practices.

e Collaborated with staff members to enhance customer service experience and exceed team goals
through effective client satisfaction rates.

e Trained staff on operating procedures and company services.

e Responded to customer requests, offering excellent support and tailored recommendations to address
needs.

e Sought ways to improve processes and services provided.

e Cross-trained and backed up other customer service managers.

e Created, maintained, and entered information into databases.

e Greeted visitors or callers and handled their inquiries or directed them to appropriate persons
according to their needs.

¢ Operated office equipment, such as fax machines. copiers, or phone systems and arranged for repairs
when equipment malfunctions.

e Made copies of correspondence or other printed material.

e Operated Abecas Insight to input information into computer program.

e Navigated through Navis for container and booking information.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Updated account information to maintain customer records.

CE-ITRAL SUPPLY COORDINATOR/CNA 01/2010 to 11/2015
Mecklenburg Healthcare Center | City, STATE

e Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to case manager.

e Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.

e Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.

e Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.

e Provided support to medical staff in resolving medical equipment problems.

e Liaised between medical staff and medical equipment vendors.

e Support duties for diagnostic and technical treatment procedures, such as setting up and operating
special medical equipment and apparatus.

e Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

e Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.

e Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in use of braces or artificial limbs.

e Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.

e Cleaned and organized patients’ living quarters.

e Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.

e Assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment.

e Kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments.

e Provided necessary supplies. support and assistance to medical staff and patients for unit specific
procedures.

e Tended to patients with chronic illnesses.

e Assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, G-tube, J-tube, and regular catheter insertion

e Charted daily information on residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and
daily inputs and outputs.

e Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in patients' health status to nursing staff

e Documented resident records on daily flow sheets

e Assisted with ADLS

e Provided patients and families with emotional support

e Exhibited compassionate care and communication with regard to issues of death and dying

¢ Sensitive to needs of geriatric patients.

e Administered simple range of motion exercises.

e Comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement.

e Promoted continuity of care by accurately and completely communicating to other caregivers’ status of
patients for which care is provided.

e Promoted personal and co-worker safety.

e Maintained clean, orderly and well-stocked environment.

e Forecasted requirements and set reorder points to maintain optimal levels.

e Directed inventory regulation processes and accounting input data processing and reviewed output
records from supply systems.

e Managed accurate files and implemented new organizational systems to improve traceability.

LEOAL ASSISTANT 07/2000 to 12/2009
The Law Office Of Norman Butler | City, STATE

e Scheduled appointments, court appearances, and depositions for busy law firm.

e Filed court documents and legal pleadings with court clerk on behalf of attorneys.

¢ Completed electronic filings, initiated billing statements, and managed firm administrative matters.

« Managed accounts and client records of clients, observing confidentiality, and extreme discretion.

e Handled office scheduling and made notes for deadlines, motions, and other important dates.

« Worked alongside attorneys, administrative assistants, and fellow legal assistants on complex cases
and legal processes.

e Prepared and drafted correspondence and legal forms to maintain smooth communications.

e« Monitored changes in relevant laws to stay abreast of procedures and provide legal updates to clients.

« Conducted legal research, compiled and organized evidence and identified relevant legal articles and
statutes to use for legal proceedings.

e« Prepared and managed attorney travel itineraries to optimize scheduling.

e« Prepared for court hearings by organizing and summarizing documents, preparing exhibits and
reviewing evidence.

« Organized documents to manage paper and electronic filing systems of clients.

e« Coordinated with court personnel and attorneys to determine scheduling of hearings and filing
documents.

e Responded to client inquiries to provide accurate legal advice and offer assistance.

« Created spreadsheets to track client progress and document billable hours.

e Assisted attorneys with reviewing and organizing witness reports.

« Contacted clients to schedule appointments and discuss progress of cases.

« Communicated pertinent information to clients via phone, email, and mail.

e« Researched statutes, decisions, legal articles, and codes.

e Revised and finalized letters, briefs, and memos.

e Reviewed, edited and proofread litigation for proper grammar, spelling and punctuation.

« Produced legal documents such as briefs, pleadings and appeals.

« Attended court hearings and depositions fo take notes and document proceedings.

e« Developed polished motions and briefs to support litigation processes and court proceedings.

« Researched and analyzed legal issues and cases to provide accurate advice to clients.

« Conducted background investigations on defendant.

« Contacted witnesses to testify under oath at court hearings.

« Managed over 50 client calls per day to discuss their cases.

BBA | Business Administration Minor in Accounting 07/2017
Strayer University, Washington, DC

Member, Alpha Sigma Lambda Honor Society Member, the Society of Collegiate Leadership and Achievement
Member, National Society of Collegiate Scholars Graduated: Cum Laude Achievements 2011 Employee of the
Year