PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Creative and hard-working, detail-oriented, organized and meticulous employee. Works at fast pace to meet
tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player ready to contribute to company success. Resourceful and
hardworking with vendor sourcing expertise and empowering leadership skills illustrated over 6 years of
industry success.

| « Decision Making e Presentation Planning
« Problem Solving e Copy Arrangement
« Esthetic Design Principles e« Layout Design
e — Illustration Sizing « Computer-Based Drawing
« Illustration Preparation e« Client Relations
« Company Logos e Spreadsheet Tracking
« Originality and Creativity e Adobe Systems Software
« Creative Thinking e« Assembly Notes and Instructions
e« Design Research e Honest and Ethical
« Type Selection « Dependable and Cooperative
« Work Planning and Prioritization e Attention to Detail
« Team Collaboration e Adaptability and Flexibility
« Digital Image Generation « Quality Assessment
e dea Visualization and Brainstorming e Time Management
e« Image Archiving « Goal Setting
LEAD GRAPHIC DESIGNER 08/2015 to CURRENT

Universal Health Services | Huntington, WV

e Developed creative design for marketing packages, including print materials, brochures, banners and
signs.

e Created digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing methods.

e Employed design fundamentals when selecting typography, composition, layout and color in design
work.

e Used Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign to create images and layouts.

e Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.

e Applied knowledge of production to create high-quality images.

e Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project
milestones.

e Coordinated, created and scheduled content, designs and periodic updates to company website.

e Created designs and collaborated with technical team to complete projects.

e Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as website and product
packaging.

e Created broad range of work using various design techniques.

e Applied creative expertise to present marketing concept decks and proofs.

e Developed display, marketing and packaging materials to support product branding strategies.

e Created designs for graphics and writing content layout for product catalogues.

FROELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER 07/2015 to CURRENT
Nbe Universal | Mcallen, TX

e Developed creative design for marketing packages, including print materials, brochures, banners and
signs.

e Employed design fundamentals when selecting typography, composition, layout and color in design
work.

e Used Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign to create images and layouts.

e Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project
milestones.

e Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.

e Contributed design ideas in early planning stages with customers and project managers.

e Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads.

e Created broad range of work using various design techniques.

e Developed display, marketing and packaging materials to support product branding strategies.

INCERN GRAPHIC DESIGNER 01/2015 to 04/2015
Wilson Sporting Goods | Los Angeles, CA

e Designed graphics for websites, logos and promotions for marketing purposes.

e Used Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Indesign to develop new images.

e Created design work for print and digital sales and marketing campaigns.

e Prepared images to coincide with social and blog posts.

e Assisted with design of print materials such as flyers and ads by producing basic layouts, selecting
colors and tracking down appropriate images.

e Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.

e Applied knowledge of production to create high-quality images.

e Coordinated, created and scheduled content, designs and periodic updates to company website.

e Used Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom to crop, invert and control light and color properties of
photos.

e Inspected proofs to verify quality and determine needed adjustments and retouches.

GFC\PHIC DESIGNER 10/2013 to 12/2013
Alliancebernstein Holding Lp | City, State

« Created digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing methods.

e Used Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign to create images and layouts.

e Employed design fundamentals when selecting typography, composition, layout and color in design
work.

e Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project
milestones.

« Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.

« Applied color theory and lighting techniques in drawings and illustrations to add excitement, focus and
depth.

« Obtained approval of concepts by submitting rough drafts to client.

© Associate of Arts | Computer Graphics 05/2015

Camden County College, Blackwood, NJ