JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Jessica Claire
SKILLS
e Repair e Diagnostics
¢ Troubleshooting Skills © Vehicle test drives
* Equipment Inspection and Testing
Work HIsTory

Mechanic, 01/2015 - Current
Chs, Inc. — Mcville, ND
e Analyzed and located malfunctions in brakes, motors, switches and control systems.
* Replaced damaged, missing or defective parts with new and refurbished components.
¢ Performed diagnostic and troubleshooting procedures to find and identify root causes of mechanical issues.
* Completed full vehicle inspections to check for leaks, damage or other issues of concern.
e Inspected and tested equipment to locate worn and damaged parts.
¢ Kept equipment in good working order by following operating instructions, troubleshooting breakdowns and maintaining supplies.
* Consulted manuals, technical documentation and repair tree charts for further information prior to conducting fixes.
¢ Inspected and tested vehicles and completed preventive maintenance such as engine tune-ups, oil changes, tire rotations, wheel balancing
and filter replacement.
e Inspected vehicles and evaluated condition of systems, equipment, lights and accessories.
e Performed basic electric repairs such as resetting circuit breakers and fitting lighting fixtures.

Carpet Cleaner, 05/2020 - 08/2020
Xanterra Parks & Resorts — Yellowstone National Park, WY
* Operated steam cleaners to vacuum rugs and remove loosened dirt.
e Performed specialty treatments on stains.
¢ Identified and analyzed customer concerns about stains and damages to anticipate needs and build lasting relationships.
e Mixed water and chemicals in containers to prepare cleaning solutions.
¢ Cleaned home carpets, tile, grout, area rugs, mattresses and upholstery.
¢ Guided scrubbing machines over rug surfaces to loosen embedded dirt.
¢ Provided exceptional service for each customer to achieve complete satisfaction.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma: 02/2021
Arizona Virtual Academy - Glendale, AZ