SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Knowledgeable Graphic Designer proficient in logos, marketing materials and website design. Offers complete business services to corporate
clients, leveraging technical knowledge, creative eye for detail and current trends to deliver top-tier results. Creative Visual Story Teller with
expertise in marketing collateral development and product design. Creates visually appealing deliverables to underscore brand initiatives.
Supports brand values and successfully oversees projects from concept to completion. Motivated professional offering BFA. MFA in Web,
Graphics and Fashion Journalism. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal and multitasking abilities.

Meets tight deadlines.
SKILLS
¢ Product Illustration e Information Research
¢ Presentation Planning © Problem-Solving
¢ Chart and Graph Development ¢ Design Mockups
¢ Illustration Sizing e Website Design
« Rough Sketching e Originality and Creativity
« Team Collaboration ¢ Computer-Based Drawing
¢ Illustration and Design e Design Research
¢ Digital Image Generation ® Creative Thinking

« Company Logos

e Copy Arrangement

* Concept Development © Desktop Publishing

e Client Relations
e Problem Solving

e Word Processing
e Fine Arts Training

¢ Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Selling and Influencing

« Layout Design

® Relationship Building

¢ Idea Visualization and Brainstorming

EXPERIENCE

01/2022 to Current

01/2021 to Current

Visual Designer
Captech Richmond — Reston, VA
e Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.
e Formatted print and web application designs for projects with varying specifications.
¢ Determined size and layout of copy material and selected styles and size of fonts.
e Prepared instructions and guidance for workers assembling final layouts for printing.
© Developed layouts for product graphics, company collateral and web sites.
e Used digital camera to produce layout prints for clients.
e Prepared rough sketches of product concepts, discussed with clients and made necessary changes.
¢ Developed standard agency settings for plotter and laser printers to speed production work.
© Created design concepts and sample layouts using knowledge of layout and design principles.

Visual Graphics Designer
CraveCreative.us — City, STATE
e Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and
other promotional materials.
e Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
¢ Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
e Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
¢ Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.
© Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.
e Formatted print and web application designs for projects with varying specifications.
e Reviewed final layouts, making improvements and suggestions as needed.
¢ Oversaw product design, print design and marketing collateral from concept to completion.

01/2021 to 07/2022 Contributing Fashion Writer

BayStyle Magazine, LLC — City, STATE
e Researched story background information to provide complete and accurate information.
e Presented local news and feature reports in public radio style on both local and national news programs.
e Arranged interviews with witnesses and bystanders, providing first-hand accounts of stories.
¢ Created tightly written news stories crafted from reliable sources.
© Developed ideas or material for columns or commentaries by analyzing and interpreting news, current issues or
personal experiences.
© Met deadlines with reliable, in-depth news coverage.
e Assigned stories to reporters and journalists.
e Discussed issues with editors to establish priorities or positions.
e Revised work to meet editorial approval or fit time or space requirements.
¢ Developed connections with public relations contacts, providing exemplary sources for news stories.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

09/2017 Master of Arts: Fashion (Women's Wear)
Academy of Art University - San Francisco, CA
12/2014 Bachelor of Arts: Web Design + New Media (Interaction Ul/UX Design)
Academy of Art University - San Francisco, CA
LANGUAGES
English: Vietnamese:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Exceeded BSM sales goals by average of 85% in 2021.

Wesstters, Portroiios, PROFILES

¢ https://www.designsbyminhClaire.com/
« https://www.cravecreative.us/