PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Deadline-driven Creative Designer focused on overseeing projects from concept through final delivery.
Successfully creates strategic brand specific designs, content, messaging and key graphic productions in
both print and digital platforms. Professional with over a decade of industry experience with a preference for
human focused design lending to the development of a clear communicator and collaborative team player
with keen an eye for detail.

) «Technical Analysis and Data Visualization e Motion Graphics
« 2D and 3D modeling e Mastery of Adobe Creative Suite
e UIN/UX e Critical and creative thinking
« Digital design e« Strong graphic and visual sense
e — Illustration e Understanding of graphics software
e« Branding
© VISUAL DESIGNER 07/2019 to CURRENT

Deloitte | Dayton, OH

e Designed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks.

e Created and edited artwork across variety of company product lines such as logos and images

e Conceptualized and implemented innovative ideas to drive user engagement for clients' websites.

e Translated trends into concepts and solutions relevant to brands, product categories

¢ Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads.

e Promoted brand identity by creating company logos and delivering attractive, user-friendly and unique
website

ULOX DESIGNER 01/2016 to 06/2019
Accenture Contractor Jobs | Ellenwood, GA

e Improved user Subscriptions for clients across different websites and apps after a process implementing
changes discovered through user interviews, surveys and testing.

e Communicated with product managers and UX designers to translate project requirements and
objectives into user friendly interfaces among a variety of products.

e Evaluated user research to convert abstract ideas and requirements into planning tools such as journey
maps, user personas and storyboards.

e Devised site maps, user flows, wireframes and mockups for designs based on proven methodologies,
stakeholder requests and end-user feedback.

e Demonstrated ability to take on various roles including graphics assistant and graphics specialist to
provide range across projects.

e Communicated with product managers and UX designers to translate project requirements and business
objectives into polished user interfaces

CCICEPTUAL DESIGNER AND FREELANCER 01/2012 to 01/2016
Boyce Thompson Institute | Ithaca, NY

e Heavily focused in non-profit entities around US.

e Consulted with Scientists and Engineers to identify design requirements for projects.

e Successfully executed projects from initial conception to final completion.

e Produced models and illustrations to assist engineers and scientists with visualization of satellite models
and their missions.

e Played key role in securing funding for building and launching of satellites for climate research and
helping further the understanding of human impact on the planet.

e Designed and created visual guides and other material focused on community outreach, including
educating legislative bodies.

e Built brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads for a variety
of clients.

e Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.

REQEARCH ASSISTANT 01/2009 to 01/2011
University Of California Davis | City, STATE

e Assisted in collection of environmental field data.

e Conducted exploratory statistical analysis. identified significant explanatory variables and trends.

e Provided statistical interpretation and graphical presentation of results for scientific publication.

e Validated incoming data to check information accuracy and integrity while independently locating and
correcting concerns.

e Gathered, arranged and corrected research data to create representative graphs and charts
highlighting results for presentations.

e Generated data models, performed statistical analysis using R and helped produce reports with
graphics outlining results.

e Developed fact sheets, graphs and tables to analyze and summarize survey data.

e Prepared materials for reports. presentations and submission to peer-reviewed journal publications.

e Attended seminars and symposiums to improve overall knowledge and understanding.

e Planned, modified and executed research techniques. procedures and tests.

e Generated data models, performed statistical analysis and helped produce reports outlining results.

e Gathered, arranged and corrected research data to create representative graphs and charts
highlighting results for presentations

e Validated incoming data to check information accuracy and integrity while independently locating and
correcting concerns

UI/UX Design 07/2018
Career Foundry, San Francisco, CA
« Completed professional development in Ul/UX Design

CcUiputer And Information Sciences 04/2013
University of California Extension, San Francisco, CA
« Completed professional development in SAS, SQL and Python

Bzohelor of Arts | Statistics 06/2010
University of California Berkeley, Berkeley, CA
« Received Women in Mathematics Scholarship