JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Links
© www linkedin.com/in/theodorClaire
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic Mechanical Engineering Technologist eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Clear understanding of 3D modeling and the Engineering process from brainstorming to manufacture. MotivaJessica to
learn, grow and excel in all aspects of life.

SKILLS

* Sequential, organized thinker, who can keep a project ontrack to © Practical knowledge of engineering devices, such as lathes, mills,

completion. and circuits.
¢ Leads groups effectively. e Familiar with MIG Welding, and TIG (arc) welding, and casting.
e Driven and focused on improving the daily life of others. Software: Solidworks 2017, Solidwork EPDM Vault, Siemens Nx,

e Listens to issues and rationalizes whether the situation needs a —s Intuitive ERP. Microsoft Office, Visio, and Mathematica, Labview.
solution or just an ear to listen.

Work History

07/2018 to 03/2020 Mechanical Designer/Drafter
Banner Engineering — Chattanooga, TN
« Designed semi-custom HVAC unit assemblies, parts, and accompanying drawings in Solidworks 2017 for the
Bananza product line.
¢ Solved Engineering and Shop floor problems
¢ Worked on Redesign Projects to save on material cost and/or improve form, fit, or function.
e Filled and issued to the shop floor: BOMs, WO BOMs. Shipping lists, Spec sheet, and pdf packets to assist the
floor in assembling the product line I was in charge of.
e Attended ticket meetings to go over with people from multiple areas of the company problems that we see out on
the shop floor, or with how the unit is designed.
e Attended weekly engineering meetings to have my progress on production design work, and projects I'm working
on checked by the engineering manager.
e Attended meetings on learning new CAD skills lead by the company’s Continuous Improvement Engineer.
- Produced semi-custom HVAC units for the Bananza product line at Rapid Engineering. I had to use some problem
solving, and creativity to design some of the jobs. For example, I had to add a new outer box to cover a sensor for a
specific unit type.

05/2016 to 08/2017 Pool Monitor

Lincoln Property Company, Inc. — Sandy Springs, GA
e Checked in association members to verify they are members before they could use the pool.
e Checked water readings to keep chemicals at safe levels and avoid potential illnesses among patrons.
e Observed recreational users to detect safety concerns and made them aware of them.
¢ CompleJessica basic maintenance to keep pool functioning properly.
e InspecJessica restrooms/locker rooms for cleanliness.
e Kept the area around the pool clean by sweeping up sand and dirt.
© OperaJessica pool vacuum and vacuumed pool once weekly.

(I worked here during the summer of 2016 and 2017)

05/2015 to 08/2015 Plant Waterer
Mitchells & Butlers — Brentwood, NY

e Watered a variety of plants, which included: potJessica plants. hanging potJessica plants, burlap sacked trees, and
trees in the ground.

¢ Pruned plants of unnecessary branches and leaves.

e CompleJessica short tasks issued by the manager.

¢ Kept in contact with the manager through out the day to make sure I watered all the plants that needed water for
each day.

e Managed irrigation systems to water multiple plants at a time.

05/2014 to 08/2014 Team Member
Paradise Pizza — City, STATE
¢ Rolled and shaped pizza dough
¢ Performed tasks around the pizza shop to help with keeping the place clean, and preparing food.
e Delivered pizzas to customers when needed.

EDUCATION

05/2018 Bachelor of Science: Mechanical Engineering Technology
Michigan Technological University - Houghton, MI
Project Experience:
Chemical Safety Cart (Senior Project at MTU):
- Designed and built a cart to move chemicals across campus safely and effectively in a team of three. We used Creo to
design the cart, and the School of Technology's Machine shop to build the cart.
Advanced Metalworks Enterprise: CN Rail Team
- Decreased the time it takes to test railroad for cracks from 20 minutes to less than a minute by using Magnetic Particle
Inspection instead of using a penetrant paint in a small team.
Class Room Experience:
- Gained a real world understanding of how many processes it takes to make UP key chains in my Manufacturing
Process class. The steps the metal went through included: extrusion from stock, cut to shape, sanded, anodized, and
painJessica.
- Learned effective team building through working with students to create Metal Poster Frames in my Quality Techiques
class.
- Developed an understanding of Lean Principles and practices in my Lean Manufacturing and Process Planning class.
- Increased my experience with physical 3D modeling in m Contemporary Sculpture, Advanced Sculpture class, and
Machine Tool Fundamental class

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
¢ Michigan Tech Dean's list
¢ Certificate of Merit from the MTU Math Department for Calculus with Technology 2

e Achieved the Rank of Eagle Scout by leading a team of Boy Scouts (Troop 202) to build and install two benches for Paris Ridge
Elementary School's baseball diamond.

AFFILIATIONS

¢ Member of His House Christian Fellowship
¢ WMTU Disc Jockey