JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Director of Sales turned Jr. UX Designer with excellent creative, research and collaboration skills. Has completed a UX certification course
with Noble Desktop and worked on feature development projects at current company. Eager to contribute to team success through hard work,
attention to detail and excellent organizational skills.

SKILLS
e Adobe Suite, InVision, Sketch © Collaborative
¢ Problem Solving © Superb eye for detail
* Creative Thinking e Strong communication
¢ Product knowledge ¢ Client Relationships
Worx History

01/2019 to Current

09/2017 to Current

12/2016 to 09/2017

11/2016 to 01/2017

10/2015 to 09/2016

EpucatTIon

05/2014

CERTIFICATIONS

Jr. UX Designer
Knowbe4 — Chattanooga, TN
¢ Used Client Relations as a means to shift gears into UX Design and assist my Design Director with problem
solving issues to create/update new features.
© Delivered user support to clients to train, educate and answer questions.
e Applied both qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to continuously improve end-user experiences.
e Performed manual testing on UX design elements and complete UX designs, authoring feedback reports for use in
future updates.
e Co-completed and presented full redesigns of existing company website to improve navigation, enhance visuals
and strengthen search engine rankings.

Director of Client Relations
Refinitiv — Chicago, IL
e Built and maintained relationships with new and existing clients while providing high level of expertise.
¢ Communicated with customers to assess and address individual needs, providing timely and quality support.
e Forged and nurtured impactful relationships with customers to cultivate loyalty, boosting customer satisfaction
fatings.
e Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of our product and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.
© Used consultative sales approach to understand customer needs and recommend relevant offerings.
e Reached monthly and quarterly sales goals. Maintained sales relationships and continued to closed deals during
covid.

Executive Assistant to Founder
Hni — Denver, CO
e Assistant Photographer for look books and content shoots.
¢ Support team in journal artist collaboration outreach.
e Created and maintained content for e-commerce site.
© Co-coordinated and obtained necessary information for product photo shoots.
¢ Maintain company calendar and contacts.
e Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business processes.
© Coordinated travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and ground transportation.
e Managed external contacts for founder and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
¢ Promoted team productivity by keeping supplies organized and well-stocked.
e Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend
appropriate solutions.
e Built relationships with customers and community to establish long-term business growth.

Design Internship
LOUP -— City, STATE
¢ Designed and embroidered select pieces of clothing from the line, creating sell- through of excess product.
e Photographed two look-books
e Joined Lead Designer on production factory trips, learning the importance of constant communication and follow-
through with tasks.
© Developed design deliverables that elevated, differentiated and functioned on-brand and on-strategy.

Brand + Market Lead/Educator
KIT AND ACE - City, STATE
¢ Led planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with brand mission and philosophy.
e Created and fostered company relationships with local artists and athletes to build the brand in San Francisco.
¢ Created monthly and quarterly marketing calendars for showroom.
e Assisted in new staff on-boarding and training.
e Supported team members in cliental programs for the Hayes Valley showroom. Bringing in top level customers and
creating high-value packages.
¢ Communicated with local businesses and individuals to further educate about the brand, making successful
connections & creating repeat business.
e Consistently generated top sales to achieve daily, weekly, and monthly goals.

Bachelors of Arts: Studio Arts
University Of New Hampshire - Durham, NH

Noble Desktop: User Experience Design - July 2020