Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

LINKS © e _ https:/Awww.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire/overlay/1635480265437/single-media-viewer?
type=DOCUMENT&

¢ — https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire/overlay/experience/618218175/multiple-media-viewer?profi

¢ wwwiinkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire

PROFESSIONAL (© Talented Floral Designer accustomed to overseeing and executing unique creations, including
SUMMARY centerpieces, bouquets and arrangements. Highly communicative employee with expertise helping
customers execute floral visions.

« Resourceful individual with and fresh flower arranging expertise. An energetic Floral Designer
recognized as an expert in cultivating relationships with suppliers, consulting with high-end clients and
artistically arranging beautiful creations. Offering extensive knowledge in flowers.

e Creative individual with extensive understanding of flowers. Energetic Floral Designer brings complex
design ideas to fruition, exceeding client expectations. Specialist in special events such as weddings,
receptions, galas, showers, and dinners.

e« Enthusiastic Designer eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and
excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of [Task] and training in [Skill]. Motivated to learn,
grow and excel in [Industry].

« Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities fo meet team goals.

e« Self-directed event coordinator with over [Number] years of experience creating strategic alliances with
organizational leaders to align with and support key business initiatives for on-time, under-budget event
completion. Organized and ambitious planner with expertise in managing costs and budgets while
establishing partnerships with vendors for optimal savings. Customer-oriented time manager and
decisive leader.

« Creative event organizer with success in planning and executing small to large weddings from start to
finish while maintaining highest levels of client satisfaction. Adept in creating robust vendor partnerships
fo mutually build businesses.

e« Meticulous Designer with background in planning events such as weddings, galas, private dinners and
showers. Strong organizational skills with success in managing multiple projects and executing
simultaneous events.

« Organized [Job Title] with expertise in event planning. Forward-thinking leader with success in tactical
and strategic planning and organizational roadmap development. Highly responsive to company and
client needs.

e« Creative Furniture Designer bringing [Number] years of experience studying, researching and planning
various styles of furniture design. Generates sample designs, organizes plans and timelines, and
selects suitable materials such as wood, metal, plastic and textiles. Excellent hand-eye coordination and
collaborative skills. Proficient in [Software] and [Software].

e« Resourceful individual skilled in creating 3D models and renderings for new design concepts.
Comfortable presenting designs to key stakeholders. Looking for a Product Designer position with a
cutting edge organization.

e Enthusiastic individual experienced in transforming concepts and ideas into detailed product drawings.
Offering engaging and pleasant personality with expertise implementing best design practices.
Experience as Product Designer within [Industry].

SKILLS © e Large order fulfillment e« Good Telephone Etiquette

e Creative merchandising and display e Decision Making
e Flower arranging e¢ Organization and Time Management
e Design specifications e Retail Transactions Processing
¢ Client meetings e POS Systems
e Special occasion decorative pieces e Sales
e Gross profit and labor percentages e Teamwork
e Personnel development e Inventory Control
e Events logistics management e Cash Handling
e Wedding trends proficiency e« Payment Processing
e Business administration e Client Needs Assessment
e« Event sales e Store Merchandising
e Scheduling ¢ Point of Sale Systems
e Superb eye for detail e Product Knowledge
e Originality e Visual Merchandising
e Tech-savvy e Stock Control
e« Customized Template Design e Interpersonal Communication
e Creative Design Layouts e Attention to Detail
¢ Teamwork skills ¢ Planning and Coordination
e Teamwork and Collaboration e Mockups and prototypes
e« Critical Thinking e Specifications
e Data Entry e Multitasking Abilities
e« MS Office e Verbal and written communication
* Google Drive * Budgeting
e Self-Motivated e Order management
e Excellent Communication e Customer Relations
e Canva e Adobe Creative Suite, currently learning
e SketchUp e Typography
e« Square e Color theory
e Squarespace e Staff Management
e« Dubsado e Financial Management
¢ Quickbooks e Employee scheduling
e Flexible and Adaptable e Consulting

WORK HISTORY () LEAD FLORAL DESIGNER, WEDDING & EVENT COORDINATOR 07/2019 to 03/2022

lanthus Capital Management | Carrollwood, FL

e Fostered relationships with local and national floral and decor suppliers to obtain best price, quality, and
delivery of products.

e Organized logistics and materials for each meeting, arranged spaces and took detailed notes for later
dissemination to key stakeholders.

e Supported senior leadership by developing status reports on activities related to planning, scheduling,
cancellation, inquiries, resourcing, risk mitigation and proposal development for various events.

e Evaluated existing plans, processes and events planning services to identify opportunities for
improvement.

e Interviewed clients to understand their needs, establish budgets and determine timelines for design
selection, color palette finalization, payment, and day-of specifics.

e Maintained thorough knowledge of needs. characteristics and varieties of flowers and greenery used in
shop to inform arrangement decisions and provide information to customers.

e Quoted, generated and processed customer orders to meet specifications and various occasions.

e Properly package flowers and styling pieces for damage-free delivery.

e Researched latest design trends, colors and vendor products for use in new pieces.

e Transported and set up floral arrangements for large-scale functions. comprising weddings, events and
banquets.

DICPENSARY MANAGER 12/2018 to 06/2020
Curaleaf | City, STATE

e Performed patient assessments and contributed to development of interdisciplinary care plans.

e Leveraged patient feedback and performed continuous process improvements to streamline day-to-day
business operations and patient satisfaction.

e Conducted frequent clinic walk-throughs to maintain safe work environment.

e Recruited, hired and educated staff on state regulations.

e Monitored duties assigned to personnel to promote high levels of patient care and job efficiency.

e Prepared and retained records, files and reports according to various government and practice
standards.

e Monitored number of patients and wait times to create efficient flow of patients from check-in to check-
out.

¢ Confirmed availability of sufficient supplies for delivery of quality patient care orders.

e Appraised inventory levels and ordered new merchandise to keep quantities well-stocked.

e Handled problematic customers and clients to assist lower-level employees and maintain excellent
customer service.

e Developed and optimized organizational systems to boost efficiency and keep operations scalable and
agile for changing demands.

e Maintained cleanliness and organization of dispensary workspace, working closely with employees to
systemize tasks.

e Supervised creation of exciting merchandise displays to catch attention of store customers.

e Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and
team efficiency.

e Reported issues to higher management with great detail.

e Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture relationships.

DEQIGN AND FURNITURE SPECIALIST 12/2014 to 08/2018
Revampt| City, STATE

e Evaluated orders and proposals to determine feasibility of producing items.

e Brainstormed with peers and other members of design team to determine enhancements and product
features.

« Suggested enhancements to product design that would improve user experience.

« Designed custom pieces to match taste and personality of many clients.

e Used SketchUp 3D to develop unique furnishing designs.

e« Used scrap wood, textiles, metals and stones to create sample pieces and test materials.

e Prepared sketches and freehand design for various types of furniture.

« Consulted with customers to identify furniture needs.

e« Managed and executed purchase approval, purchase order creation and invoicing.

« Collaborated with nationwide sourcing networks to bring products through complete lifecycle.

e Applied space planning principles to calculate space for furniture.

e« Contacted proper stakeholders to share changes to project scope and timelines.

e Managed multiple projects effectively in demanding environment with tight deadlines.

e« Converted project specifications into drawings and other materials that would be used to create
product.

e Traveled to manufacturing facilities to evaluate product creation and point out potential issues.

« Negotiated with vendors and manufacturers on pricing, services and scheduled shipping windows.

e« Developed sustainability project goals, objectives or strategies in collaboration with other professionals.

e Used Microsoft Office, Google Drive, Canva, SketchUp, Quickbooks and other software tools to create
documents and other communications.

e Learned new skills and applied to daily tasks to improve efficiency and productivity.

e Supervised inventory and placed orders to replenish low running supplies.

e Evaluated existing operations and current market trends to identify necessary improvements and
capitalize on changes.

e« Engaged prospects and customers through trade shows, such as NY Now Design Trade Show.

e Increased operational efficiency by developing improved filing systems for confidential client records
and reports.

« Prepared quotes for new products and services and composed budgets.

e Used industry expertise, customer service skills and analytical nature to resolve customer concerns and
promote loyalty.

« Communicated with clients to find and design layout best suited for client needs and location.

e Researched furniture materials and suggested pieces to clients based on budget and want.

« Updated customers on scheduled deliveries of furniture to homes.

e« Followed up with clients after installation and delivery to gauge customer satisfaction.

e Cultivated relationships with vendors and distributors to negotiate best available prices.

e« Used blueprints to best design furniture layouts for homes and apartments, presenting these layouts to
clients for review and approval.

e Displayed past designs and purchases to new clients to assist with creative process.

« Maintained detailed files on past transactions and designs for budget and future reference.

e Developed strong rapport with customers and created positive impression of business.

« Created inviting environment for customers by updating store merchandising and maintaining
cleanliness.

e Used product knowledge, sales abilities and customer relations skills to personally drive over $400,000
in substantial custom furniture sales over four years.

e« Built customer loyalty and retention by delivering excellent shopping experiences.

« Listened to customer needs and desires to identify and recommend optimal products.

EDUCATION © Graphic Design 03/2022
California Institute of The Arts, Valencia, CA
« Completed professional development certification in Virtual Graphic Design Specialization.

Ba helor of Science | Textiles, Apparel Design and Merchandising 12/2011
LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
e Received Tiger Alumni Legacy Scholarship
e« Received Board of Supervisors Scholarship
« Completed 6 week internship as Assistant Buyer and Visual Merchandiser at Southern Bliss Boutique in
Dallas, TX.
« Served as photoshoot and fashion show Assistant Stylist for New Orleans and Dallas designer, Coco
Bourgeoisie.

CERTIFICATIONS ©

Certified Graphic Designer, California Institute of the Arts, March 2022