JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Diligent, punctual, hardworking person known for exceeding store sales goals and coaching employees. A pleasant personality coupled with
terrific marketing skills. Dedicated professional with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in
working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand. Organized and dependable
candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.
Reliable employee. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

SKILLS
¢ Department Oversight e Delegation and Supervision
¢ Problem Anticipation and Resolution e Store Layouts
e Customer Satisfaction ¢ Critical Thinking
e Maintaining Clean Work Areas e Staff Coaching and Training
¢ Handling Complaints and Inquiries e Customer Service and Assistance
e Merchandise Quality Assurance e Persuasive Negotiation
* Originality and Creativity e Improvement Strategies
¢ Showroom Design

Work History

03/2013 to Current Designer/Showroom Manager

02/2011 to 03/2013

05/2005 to 02/2011

International Paper Company — Oklahoma City, OK

e Conducted daily checks of refrigerators and freezers to verify proper food storage, container labeling and surface
cleaning.

e Scheduled and received food and beverage deliveries, adhering to food cost and budget.

© Delegated food preparation duties down to cooks and followed up with cooks to verify proper preparation and
production of meals.

e Checked and tested foods to verify quality and temperature.

e Provided prompt, courteous service to every individual entering showroom.

¢ Generated personal sales to meet or exceed established sales goals.

e Supervised inventory and placed orders to replenish low running supplies.

« Kept showroom expenses appropriate and reasonable to drive operational efficiency.

e Managed custom projects by completing initial quotes, design and sample requests.

e Trained new employees on proper protocols and customer service standards.

e Assisted in recruiting, hiring and training of team members.

e Handled problematic customers and clients to assist lower-level employees and maintain excellent customer
service.

e Managed purchasing, sales, marketing and customer account operations efficiently.

© Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and team
efficiency

¢ Boosted team member productivity by enhancing performance monitoring and instituting motivational approaches.

e Provided exceptional customer service to customers, increasing customer loyalty.

¢ Drafted invoices for completed work.

e Negotiated price and service with customers and vendors to decrease expenses and increase profit.

e Interacted well with vendors and customers to build connections and nurture relationships.

Managed daily operations orchestrating forward-thinking strategies to accomplish profit and expansion goals.

e Obtained approval of concepts by submitting rough drafts to management or to client

e Reviewed project requirements to plan workflows and evaluate client time and budget constraints

e Built strong vendor relationships to facilitate favorable pricing on required materials

Sales Associate
The Recon Group — Palmetto, FL

¢ Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers.
e Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.
© Solved customer challenges by offering relevant products and services.

Sales Manager
Chantilly Floors & Design — City, STATE

e Handled customer relations issues, enabling quick resolution and client satisfaction.

e Maintained relationships with customers and found new ones by identifying needs and offering appropriate
Services.

* Coached employees in successful selling methods to drive revenue.

e Supervised sales team, stepping in to support employees and deliver smooth sales processes for clients.

e Organized promotional events and interacted with community to increase sales volume.

e Managed order cycle to enhance business development and maintain sustainability and customer satisfaction.

e Produced contracts, reports, letters, and proposals for clients.

e Resolved customer issues quickly and managed accounts to increase sales.

e Delivered engaging sales presentations to new clients, explaining technical information in simplified language to
promote features and increase client base.

¢ Developed strategic relationships with key suppliers and clients to foster profitable business initiatives.

¢ Developed innovative marketing campaigns to increase engagement with target demographic and drive brand
exposure.

e Identified, hired and trained highly-qualified staff by teaching best practices, procedures and sales strategies.

01/2001 to 05/2005 Showroom/Sales Manager

EpucaTION

Floors USA — City, STATE

e Provided prompt, courteous service to every individual entering showroom.

e Generated personal sales to meet or exceed established sales goals.

e Supervised inventory and placed orders to replenish low running supplies.

e Kept showroom expenses appropriate and reasonable to drive operational efficiency.

e Drove employee engagement and guest experience through coaching, training and development.

e Managed custom projects by completing initial quotes, design and sample requests.

¢ Built relationships with customers and community to establish long-term business growth.

e Achieved sales goals and service targets by cultivating and securing new customer relationships.

e Resolved problems with high-profile customers to maintain relationships and increase return customer base.

¢ Collaborated with upper management to implement continuous improvements and exceed team goals.

e Managed accounts to retain existing relationships and grow share of business.

e Exceeded sales quotas and increased profitability through effective sales strategy.

¢ Demonstrated products to show potential customers benefits and advantages and encourage purchases.

e Increased profits through providing excellent customer service.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of competitor products and pricing in market served.

¢ Identified prospects’ needs and developed appropriate responses along with suitable information on products and
Services.

e Engaged in product training, demonstrations, consumer awareness, branding and acquisition initiatives to raise
awareness and revenues.

e Drove team and company profits by developing and strengthening relationships with industry partners and potential
clients.

e Trained new sales associates on sales strategies.

e Reviewed customer service agreements for terms and conditions pricing and accuracy.

e Resolved customer issues quickly to close deals and boost client satisfaction

Bachelor of Arts: Administration, Law & Political Sciences
Kabul University - Kabul, Afghanistan