GRAPHIC DESIGNER

ROCKY FIELDING

WORK EXPERIENCE

2015-05 - Graphic Designer
Present Huge Inc.

4 email@email.com =e
* Designing and printing online interactive sales and marketing collateral.
* Developing templates for e-newsletters, presentations, and reports.

S U M MA RY ° Designing unique print materials, advertisements, brochures and logo
designs.
© Preparing layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates
experience in mar and design standards.

* Producing packaging for domestic and international markets.
¢ Developing, designing and producing corporate newsletters and other

; caries saare promotional direct mail items as requested by marketing.
entional custome: ¢ Creating graphic materials for company's website and email newsletters.
inthe
ac 2011-04 - Creative Designer
negotiati 2015-04 Landor Associates

performing at a high lina

© Successfully designed and managed advertising-based publications,
developed custominformation directories and advertising - based specialty
products, Cruise Maine.

¢ Collaborated with clients and sales to develop successful ads to effectively
market their products and services.

* Developed collateral pieces for all marketing and sales requests.

aced deadline driven environment
>on working within a

timetable and the budget.

OTHER SKILLS 2005-03 - Graphic Designer

2011-04 FutureBrand
Interactive PDF's.

Publication * Created web pages, graphic elements, and infographics for email
*ublication Design.

newsletters.
* Consistently adhered to all internal delivery schedules.
* Determined styles, size, and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.
* Created graphic materials for the company website.
* Developed, designed and produced corporate newsletters and other
promotional direct mail items as directed by marketing.

pated marketing «

My entire

lishing and marketing ir

s. Linking

d links to EDUCATION

2005 Graduate in Graphic Design

ArtCenter College of Design

¢ The graphic design is a fied that combines several disciplines, including
typography, photography, art and computer technology.

* Study at the graduate level is often designed to further previous education
through studio work, independent research, and internships.

SKILLS

© Web Design © Adobe Photoshop

9 Graphic and Print Design