JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Designer for over 9 years working on Aircraft Carriers and Submarines, as well as an NCO in the United States Army. Strategic leader
dedicated to excellence, efficiency and readiness across high-pressure and high-conflict environments. Practiced at providing teams with
support, resources and motivation to succeed. Accomplished NCO with strong leadership abilities as a soldier in the Army. Strong abilities in
team leadership and project management. Known for creating the standard and commitment to learning and achieving goals.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
e Ethics and compliance award
¢ Commandants list
e Apprentice Graduate
« NCO
SKILLS
e Metalworking e Maintenance Oversight
e Exceptional organization skills e Squad Leadership
e Time management e Training Initiatives
¢ Detail oriented ¢ Troop Discipline
« Punctual © Operational Efficiency
© Dedicated e Buddy Care and First Aid
e ISO certified e Safety Regulations
e Reviewing new procedures e Soldier Evaluations
« Communication proficiency e Physical Fitness
* Coordinating processes to improve efficiency * Combat Operations
e Extremely quick learner e Training and Development
e Make-up supervisor e Field Reconnaissance
* Signing off critical joints to be welded e Military Procedures
e Managing teams ¢ Mission Planning
* Quality inspections ¢ Logistical Operations
* Critical Thinking e Field Training
¢ Physical Evaluations e Maintaining Security
Work HIsToRy

Designer, 12/2021 - Current
Getir —Los Angeles, CA
e Developed design deliverables that elevated, differentiated and functioned on-brand and on-strategy.
* Obtained approval of concepts by submitting rough drafts to management or to client.
e Planned project concepts by researching and studying information.
e Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.
¢ Gathered and bought materials needed to successfully complete projects.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
* Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

Cargo Specialist, 12/2017 - Current
Imc Companies — Marysville, WA
e E-5 Sergeant in United States Army
e Squad Leader with 8 soldiers.
e Medical Liaison for over 150 soldiers.
e In charge of Drivers Training for over 70% of unit.
* Created documents of load plans, cargo cleanliness inspections and transportation processes.
e Directed delivery trucks to shipping doors or designated areas and helped unload and load goods.
¢ Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

Shipfitter, 07/2013 - 12/2021
Huntington Ingalls Industries — National City, CA
¢ Lays out and fabricates metal structural parts, such as plates, foundations, bulkheads, and installs them in position within the submarine or
carrier for welding.
* Successfully completed training in shielded metal arc welding (SMAW) at the Newport News Shipbuilding Welding School.
« Completed 1000 hours of coursework in the trade related education curriculum and the World Class Shipbuilding Curriculum.
¢ Read, understood, and interpreted drawings for submarines and aircraft carriers.
e Tested tanks on the carrier to insure survivability.
* Served and is currently acting as a make-up supervisor.
¢ Worked with QA and SUPSHIP to ensure quality is being upheld.
e Always ensuring safety is the top priority on any job.
¢ Monitored inventory, budgeted supply use and ordered supplies to keep ship sufficiently stocked.

Team Member, 09/2012 - 02/2013
Lowe's — Port Wentworth, GA
¢ Kept work areas clean, organized and safe to promote efficiency and team safety.
® Created orders, documented special requests and followed up with kitchen personnel to foster top-quality service and minimize complaints.
e Lifted, stacked and transported boxes weighing up to 50 pounds.
e Acted as first point of contact for visiting clients and customers.
¢ Displayed friendly, outgoing and energetic behavior to create warm, fun atmosphere for guests.
¢ Cleared front entry area of trash and debris and directed customers.

e Monitored seating area and checked restrooms every 30 minutes to keep spotless.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Christian Studies. 04/2025
Regent University - Virginia Beach, VA
Currently Enrolled in College.

Apprentice Graduate, 03/2022
The Apprentice School - Newport News Shipbuilding - Newport News, VA

High School Diploma: 06/2013
Warren County High School - Front Royal, VA