JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated = Reliable = Qualified s COVID-19 vaccinated.

Currently, I am seeking a Patient Access Manager position, where I can efficiently utilize my abilities acquired in healthcare. I'm looking to
bring further success to Cooper University Health Care by promoting effective communication, relationship building, enhanced operational
performance, high level of service and satisfaction to patients, families and customers, excellent time management and problem-solving skills.
Driven and talented leader with aptitude for teamwork offering 20 years of expertise in patient support roles.

Committed. Compassionate. Complete

To Serve, to heal, to educate
SKILLS
¢ Industry best practices e LMS (SABA)
« Implementation support © Microsoft Teams
¢ Proficient in Epic: EpicCare Ambulatory, EHR, Cadence, Prelude, «© Course management
ADT, Referrals, Wisdom, Dentrix and other applications. ¢ Decision Making
« Leaming strategies © Collaboration
¢ Organizational performance e Attention to Detail
¢ Course material creation e Interpersonal Communication
« Curriculum design e Written Communication
« Consulting e Training and Development
e ADDIE
Work History

06/1996 to 02/2021 Instructional Designer

Ascensus — Las Vegas, NV
e Created curricula, research topics and conceptualized course format, subject matter and presentation.
e Planned and monitored implementation of technology-based learning programs.
e Researched, wrote, edited and proofread manual.
¢ Developed assessments and user polls to evaluate course effectiveness, altering content and delivery to achieve
student learning goals.
© Developed or contributed to development of comprehensive employee training courses.
¢ Provided job analysis in line with instructional design principles for successful mentoring.
e Organized, scheduled and facilitated 1-2 week long courses based on need.
¢ Designed course materials and supported implementation.
¢ Collaborated with administrators to determine course objectives.
¢ Teamed with subject matter experts in evaluation and revision of training tools in order to continually improve
learning platforms.
¢ Designed, implemented and managed successful training programs to meet department needs.
¢ Continuously delivered top-quality training documentation, manuals, and tools addressing needs of specific
specialists groups such as Front Desk, Admissions, and Clinical.
e Researched and incorporated current trends and data into standard curriculum for Ambulatory, Cadence, and
Wisdom, Prelude, Dentrix.
e Effectively implemented best training practices and adult learning principles in planning and creation of
instructional materials.
e Co-developed, implemented and provided training for a new Enterprise-wide curriculum for Service Excellence.
e Provided remote training for frontline clinical staff, nurses, and physicians using virtual platforms (Teams, Zoom
and WebEx).
e Proficient in Microsoft products: Word, PowerPoint and Excel.
¢ Supported the implementation of new Dental program software (Dentrix). Created in-personal training materials
and supplemental learning materials to support continuous learning. Provided shoulder-to-shoulder support to
clinical staff during Go-Live. Became the central point of contact for Dentrix related questions, post-Go Live.
e¢ Applied ADDIE as the framework used for all design projects.
e Provided Instructor-Led Training and presented to large audiences for various Go-Lives, Projects, Epic courses,
and Upgrades.
© Developed classroom educational material such as manuals, learning assessments, job aids, surveys for feedback
from learners, and other educational/instructional documentation for various electronic health records (EHR) used
within the enterprise. Created learning for self-taught studies along with microlearning’s.
Collaborated with EHR Subject Matter Experts (Dentrix and Epic) to ensure documentation accurately reflected the
functionality of the system and workflows affected.
¢ Provided support for the Learning Management System (Saba) and Help Desk support to assist our internal
partners.
e Provided ongoing EHR support to Residents and newly onboarded Clinical Staff in the Emergency Department and
throughout the health system.
e Performed level three evaluations for existing associates through site visits to observe if the appropriate workflows

are being used. This helped give associates a refresh of the system without time away to attend class and the
observation was done in real-time.

03/2006 to 10/2008 Patient Access Manager

Children's National Medical Center — Silver Spring, MD

© Managed staff of 40+ associates.

e Successfully mentored, sponsored, and coached staff to excel in their career area of choice.

e Recruited, hired, dismissed and trained all staff, providing direct supervision, ongoing staff development and
continuing education to employees.

e Designed and introduced leadership development, coaching and team management model, resulting in promotion
of employees into increased levels of responsibility.

© Developed highly effective communication, interpersonal and active listening skills, which were used for
interacting with people of all different backgrounds and cultures.

© Observed all rules and regulations regarding patient data to promote confidentiality and integrity.

e Trained and mentored new employees in registration department, answered questions and provided insight on
patient services.

Monitored and evaluated staff performance.

¢ Provided monthly guidance and/or counseling.

¢ Developed and adjusted KPI goals as needed.

e Budget experience

* Conducted annual performance reviews

03/2006 to 10/2008 Manager of Patient Liaison and Check-Out

EpucatTIon

2022

12/2004

Nemours — City, STATE

e Managed staff of 20-25 associates.

e Successfully mentored, sponsored, and coached staff to excel in their career area of choice.

e Recruited, hired, dismissed and trained all staff, providing direct supervision, ongoing staff development and
continuing education to employees.

e Designed and introduced leadership development, coaching and team management model, resulting in promotion
of employees into increased levels of responsibility.

© Developed highly effective communication, interpersonal and active listening skills, which were used for
interacting with people of all different backgrounds and cultures.

¢ Observed all rules and regulations regarding patient data to promote confidentiality and integrity.

e Trained and mentored new employees in registration department, answered questions and provided insight on
patient services.

¢ Monitored and evaluated staff performance.

¢ Provided monthly guidance and/or counseling.

¢ Developed and adjusted KPI goals as needed.

e Budget experience

¢ Conducted annual performance reviews

Bachelor of Business Administration: Business Administration
Wilmington University - New Castle. DE

Associate of Science: Business
Wesley College - New Castle, DE