Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Creative specialist seeking new opportunities. Works well high-stress situations and is task-oriented. Well rounded in various skills
including active listening, building customer loyalty, positive attitude, problem-solving, interpersonal relations and time

management.
Skills
¢ Breed and species knowledge ¢ Data Management
¢ Delivery e Recruiting
* Medication administration * Customer retention
e Resolving customer issues ¢ Proficient in Photoshop
¢ Ordering and stocking medications ¢ People skills
¢ Stocking shelves e Customer service
¢ Supporting pharmacy operations ¢ Leadership
e Cash Handling * Microsoft Office
e Basic math ¢ Relationship building
¢ Equipment usage ¢ Work ethic
¢ Safety management e PPE use
¢ General laborer e Route management
¢ Proficient in MS Office * Local Delivery
¢ Valid Oklahoma driver's license e Responsible driver
* Basic electrical knowledge * Courteous and polite demeanor
e Physical agility ¢ Time management skills
e Able to lift 50 pounds e Merchandise stocking and restocking
* Circuit layouts e ID verification
¢ Critical thinking ¢ Data entry
e Planning ¢ Proofreading
e Active listening ¢ Strong problem solver
¢ Computer skills e AP style understanding

Experience

Apprentice Floral Designer, 04/2022 to Current
United Natural Foods Inc — Columbia, CT
¢ Cut, arranged and produced flower bouquets and potted perennial plants according to customer specifications.
e Communicated clearly and effectively with customers to determine type of arrangement desired, occasion and date, time and
location for each arrangement needed.
¢ Promoted customer satisfaction by recommending flower pairings and greenery options for floral arrangements.
¢ Created tabletop and various other custom arrangements or pieces.
¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and
services.
¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.
¢ Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
e Contacted customers prior to delivery to coordinate delivery times.
e Loaded and unloaded vehicles at distribution center and delivery address.
e Reviewed delivery documents and orders and reported errors to supervisor.
¢ Drove vehicles safely, obeying traffic laws and transportation procedures to avoid accidents.
¢ Determined optimal routes based on GPS application information and knowledge of local routes.

Pet Sitter, 06/2021 to Current
Unitedhealth Group Inc. —- Salem, OR
e Fed animals twice daily and refilled water dish frequently with fresh supply.
¢ Developed long-term relationships with clients and bonded with animals through regular contact.
¢ Offered animals ample exercise opportunities through walks and play activities.
¢ Noted unusual behavior in logs and contacted owners immediately regarding health-related issues.
¢ Coordinated care for multiple animals at different locations and resolved scheduling or service issues.
¢ Disposed of animal waste and droppings and performed animal cleaning tasks when appropriate.
¢ Monitored medication administration as directed by pet owners and vet.

¢ Provided seamless communication to inform pet owners of visits and pet status.

Floral Merchandiser, 07/2021 to 04/2022
Sunbelt Rentals, Inc. — Omaha, NE
e Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of store to attract customers and optimize sales.
¢ Monitored stock to maintain sufficient quantity of featured product.
¢ Displayed appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.
e Organized engaging front-facing displays to capture customer interest and drive revenue growth.
e Communicated and coordinated planogram execution with store management.
e Promoted customer satisfaction by recommending flower pairings and greenery options for floral arrangements.
e Shared details on how to properly care for purchased flowers and plants with customers.
¢ Put up, maintained and removed displays for holidays and seasons.
¢ Organized, tagged and displayed new products for customers.
e Watered plants and cut, conditioned and cleaned flowers and foliage for storage.
e Maintained salability and health of floral products by establishing clear care procedures.

¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

Pharmacy Clerk, 05/2020 to 05/2021
Frederick County Public Schools — Frederick, MD
e Restocked shelves and prepared expired drugs for return.
e Supported pharmacist in preparing daily prescriptions.
e Assisted pharmacist in daily operations tasks and administrative tasks.
e Processed pharmacy payments by ringing up customers on cash register and handling cash and credit transactions.
¢ Managed and received inventory by checking deliveries, counting stock, monitoring medication expiration dates and placing
orders.
¢ Increased sales and customer satisfaction by helping store customers with pharmacy services, general store questions and in
locating products.
¢ Provided filled prescriptions to customers, included medication information sheets and coordinated consults.
e Adhered to safety protocols and safe work practices to reduce likelihood of injury.
¢ Handled client inquiries with
¢ Inventory all Nursing home Prescriptions and prepare them for delivery.
e Assemble and stock Pill bottles and packaging for pharmacist.
¢ exceptional professionalism and enthusiasm.
e Greeted guests pleasantly, discussing specialty flavors and answering allergen concerns.
¢ Served and scooped ice cream, following sizing specifications.
¢ Cleaned and organized utensil area, napkins station and restroom facilities.
¢ Restocked ice cream disposable supplies, glass serving dishes and utensils.
¢ Maintained cleanliness of showcase, lobby and patio area, remaining attentive to trash, tables and chairs.
e Assembled and prepared ice cream-based drinks, following recipes to produce consistent products.
¢ Used POS system expertise to complete accurate sales transactions.
e Cleaned counters, tables and fountain equipment thoroughly to keep sanitary, following quality checkpoints.
¢ Maintained adherence to stringent delivery deadlines.
¢ Obtained official signatures and required payments for different types of deliveries.
e Prepare prescription to be packaged labeled and mailed.

Shop Foreman, 11/2018 to 05/2020
Vca Antech, Inc. — Columbus, OH
¢ Focused on safety and efficiency when using tools, equipment and gauges.
¢ Built scenic set pieces for stage performances.
* Be in attendance for all events held in theatre auditorium.
e Operated variety of instruments, equipment and power tools to reduce accidents and malfunctions.
e Stage Manage and strict visiting productions and artists.
¢ Catalogue and inventory theatre property such as Make up, Stage lights, and lumber.
e Direct peers in operating tools and teach proper shop safety.
e Design, Cut, and Sew stage costumes to fit and portray characters.
.
¢ Delegated tasks to multiple employees while maintaining efficient workplace.
¢ Sketched outline designs and used CAD programs to create detailed designs and specifications.
¢ Monitored design processes from conceptual phase through construction.
e Promoted speedy resolution of conflicts and issues between team members by listening and communicating well with involved
parties.
¢ Managed props, stage sets and fixtures for each theatre production.
¢ Cleaned and organized dressing rooms, restrooms and stage floor area to prevent injury or performance complications.
¢ Hung, patched and focused theatrical lighting fixtures to illuminate theater productions.
¢ Contributed input and expertise in audio and light operations.
e Explained project plans and distributed work to other theatre technicians.

Food Service Worker, 05/2017 to 04/2018
Barn'rds Roast Beef — City, STATE
¢ Maintained order and cleanliness of work areas to conform with health codes.
¢ Acquired new skills to support team and further accommodate customer needs.
¢ Received food orders from individuals and explained offerings.
* Updated food displays, cases and other customer-facing areas to increase sales of special items.
¢ Complied with company service standards and adhered to inventory and cash control procedures.
¢ Operated cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.
¢ Cleaned and sanitized work areas, equipment, utensils, dishes and silverware.

¢ Coordinated guest relations to boost satisfaction and brand loyalty.

Kennel Attendant, 04/2016 to 09/2017
Village Animal Hospital, LLC — City, STATE
e Cleaned cages in accordance with health code requirements to ensure sanitary environment for animals.
¢ Stayed on top of laundry, sweeping and disinfection during slow periods.
¢ Removed waste from kennels, runs and exercise areas and placed in trash receptacles or in-ground septic systems.
¢ Bathed animals to remove dust, debris or contaminants and maintain wellbeing.
¢ Followed consistent safety procedures, maintained visible animal identification and checked tags to minimize care errors.
e Addressed healthcare needs of animals by coordinating with veterinarians and following orders.
¢ Promoted optimal animal health by feeding and watering on regular schedule.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts: Liberal Arts And General Studies, 05/2022
Northwestern Oklahoma State University - Alva, OK
¢ Castle Players club president.
« Completed professional development in Speech and Theatre.
¢ Completed coursework in Psychology, Criminal Justice and Humanities.
¢ Honor Roll Spring 2020
¢ Completed coursework in speech and theatre, arts and humanities and psychology.

High School Diploma: 05/2018
Kapaun Mount Carmel Catholic High School - Wichita, KS