SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Positive, upbeat , brings more than 18 years of customer-facing experience in fast-paced settings. Highly adaptable to addressing diverse
customer needs. Proven history of building trust with customers to promote satisfaction, resolve concerns and maintain long-term loyalty.
Dependable, strong work ethic and always ready to work and help as a team player.

I have a Louisiana retail floral license.

SKILLS
* Price Negotiation * Organizational Skills
e Vendor Relationships e Friendly, Positive Attitude
¢ Flower Storage © Reliable and Trustworthy
« Bouquets, Corsages and Displays ¢ Conflict Resolution
e Artistic Flower Arranging ¢ Relationship Building
« Customer Orders e Active Listening
¢ Client Consultations © Training & Development
¢ Work Ethic e Customer Service

* Computer Skills

EXPERIENCE

¢ People Skills

10/2016 to 02/2022 Floral Designer

Belmond — Charleston, SC
e Cut, arranged and produced flower bouquets and potted perennial plants according to customer specifications.
¢ Communicated clearly and effectively with customers to determine type of arrangement desired, occasion and date,
time and location for each arrangement needed.
¢ Ordered and maintained floral inventory and supplies to meet customer demand and offer seasonal varieties.
¢ Participated in client consultations to discuss floral designs for special occasions, christenings, weddings and
funerals.
e Shared details on how to properly care for purchased flowers and plants with customers.
Stayed current on latest floral trends and supplier products by conducting careful research.

© Set up colorful and inspiring store displays and arrangements.

e Created tabletop and various other custom arrangements or pieces.

¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

09/2013 to 09/2016 Management Trainee

Erickson Living — Fairfax, VA

e Resolved customer issues efficiently to build loyalty.

e Assumed responsibilities of store manager during supervisor's absence.

¢ Communicated status of assigned responsibilities to management.

e Resolved client issues by delivering excellent customer service and maintaining positive attitude.

e Balanced cash drawer daily and performed opening and closing duties.

e Responded to advanced issues with professional and relationship-focused approach.

e Assisted with administrative tasks to better understand industry processes.

© Met with customers to discuss options for selection of products and services.

e Aided compilation of employee performance reviews to identify areas for training, provide feedback and set goals
for improvement.

e Evaluated accounts to determine accuracy and resolve issues to maintain customer satisfaction.

« Shadowed managers to gain understanding of organizational expectations and management techniques.

e Assisted with projects and responsibilities to foster relationships with internal departments.

e Tracked, recorded and reported customer satisfaction data for each shift.

¢ Collaborated with management on marketing strategies to increase sales and gross profit.

© Contributed to outline and direction for employee project teams.

¢ Scheduled team members in busy office settings to facilitate appropriate coverage.

¢ Collaborated with manager to compile standardized policy to maintain compliance with company guidelines and
regulatory requirements.

e Assisted with recruitment, interviewing and onboarding new employees.

02/2010 to 09/2013 Store Manager

Genuine Parts Company — Neptune, NJ

e Investigated and resolved variances with inventory records.

e Performed cycle counts on daily basis to immediately spot errors and apply remedies.

e Received incoming goods, checked paperwork and reviewed merchandise for accuracy against documentation.

e Received, checked-in and stocked merchandise throughout store, helped maintain store inventory levels and
assisted with orderliness and cleanliness of sales floor and stock room.

e Organized and processed damaged goods according to vendor and manufacturer procedures.

e Assessed current inventories and brought in supplies to keep stock within optimal levels for expected demands.

© Managed weekly inventory and supply tracking, noting items requiring reorder.

e Verified receipt of returned materials to maintain accuracy of vendor credits.

¢ Provided top quality control while eliminating downtime to maximize revenue.

¢ Recommended improvements to management to regulate inbound load volume based on inventory requirements.

e Strengthened operational efficiencies and traceability by utilizing organizational filing systems for product
placement.

e Entered information into system to update status reports.

e Reviewed accuracy of vendor credits by analyzing receipt of returned materials.

02/2005 to 01/2010 Dog Groomer

Metro Animals And Happy K9 — Plano, TX

© Developed long-term relationships with clients and bonded with animals through regular contact.

e Supported animal health by keeping areas clean, neat and properly sanitized.

e Cleaned and disinfected kennels and common areas to reduce spread of illness from infected animals.

¢ Removed waste from kennels, runs and exercise areas and placed in trash receptacles or in-ground septic systems.

e Cared for pets during owners' absences.

¢ Created consistent workflows by assisting with washing, drying and folding duties.

e Washed, groomed and trimmed each animal to enhance coat health.

e Assisted grooming staff with nail clipping, blow-drying and combing during peak hours and holidays.

¢ Observed animals and conducted examinations to identify signs of injury, illness or disease.

© Unloaded and organized supplies and product inventory.

¢ Refilled shampoo bottles, sanitized clippers, combs and brushes and placed clean towels at each station following
shift completion.

e Examined animals for injury or illness and documented symptoms for veterinarian review.

e Explained lodging, grooming and care services to pet owners and cross-sold specialty products.

¢ Completed owner paperwork and obtained information regarding possible allergies, potential aggressive behavior,
preferred food type and owner contact details.

¢ Delivered excellent service to pet owners to drive repeat business.

¢ Kept dogs safe by remaining alert to environmental conditions and nearby animals.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2003

General Studies

High School Diploma
Grant High School - Dry Prong. LA

LSUA - Alexandria, LA

Grooming License: Dog Grooming
Petsmart Grooming School - Flowood, MS