JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Ability to work productively and effectively with all levels of management and range of personalities. Ability to meet deadlines and work well
under pressure Exceptional interpersonal. clients service skills Presentation of positive and professional image.

SKILLS

e Working knowledge of many computer programs from Windows, © Very Patient and hardworking
builder trend, excel, adobe.

e Fast learner and works well with others

EXPERIENCE

Designer, 03/2006 - 03/2011
Johnson Controls, Inc. — DC, State
* Coordinate and implement selections between potential buyers, sales staff, and construction staff
¢ Lead potential homebuyers through all selections for new home, from exterior to all interiors
¢ Help homebuyers with custom designs of showers, kitchen backsplashes and other various parts of new home
e Buyer contact throughout design process including resolution of any problems
® Speculative home selections for all neighborhoods throughout the city
¢ Knowledgeable of 8-10 neighborhoods with their standard features, each being a little different
e Coordinated and implemented changes of original selections by potential buyers with sales staff, construction and corporate office
e Ensure design center has current products for home buyers plus constantly updating to keep up with the trends for buyers
* Knowledgeable of product features and benefits that are in design center.

Assistant Manager/ Visual Merchandiser, 08/2004 - 02/2006
Grand View Hospital — Harleysville, PA
e Assist in all aspects of the store: opening and closing procedures, daily and weekly paperwork, and bi-annual inventory of the store
e Train, motivate, and coach 10-15 employees on daily tasks, generating sales, product knowledge, and to provide excellent good customer
service
e In charge of all visual merchandising for store
* Coordinate and plan weekly schedule for employees
e Order supplies on a bi-monthly basis for office and store
e Plan and coordinate any events for store
¢ Coordinate and carry out all stores visual sets
e Resolve customer issues in timely manner

e Maintain a cohesive work environment for employees.

Senior Assistant Manager/ Visual Merchandiser, 11/1994 - 04/2004
One Workplace — Sacramento, CA
e Assist in all aspects of store: annual inventory, opening and closing of store and daily paperwork
e Supervise and coach 8-10 employees with their daily tasks
¢ Conduct one on one's with employees monthly
e Fill in for Area manager when not available
e Plan schedules to maximize sales and come into budget
« Consistently over budget three quarters of the years
e In charge of in store Visuals and monthly floor moves to maximize business
e Assist the company in wholesale set ups, remodel and traveling to other stores to help keep the Visual Standards of the company
e Train and coach other team members on Visual merchandising
e Assist Area Manager with visual supervision and feedback of store visual moves on monthly basis.

Assistant Teacher, 07/1993 - 11/1994

Northwood Presbyterian Dayschool — City, STATE
e Assisted Main teacher with aspect of the classroom.
* Rotating duties in kitchen and also snack distribution.
¢ Supervised class in the afternoon of 15 children.

Courier/Legal Assistant, 08/1991 - 07/1993

Peter M. Koelling, P.C — City, STATE
e Courter/Legal Sec
e Ran legal documents to the courthouse to be filed
e Managed accounts and payroll.

Design Consultant, 04/2011 - Current
Flooring Services Design Gallery — City, STATE
e Multi Builder Facility
¢ Lead Designer on several accounts
¢ Lead buyers through builder selections from exterior to all interior of home. Customized backsplashes, showers and cabinet layouts for
new home production and custom.
* Spec homes selections for production builders throughout city per budget from builders.
e Prepare selections, drawings for both buyers and spec homes
e Work with management, sales and construction to ensure changes of original selections by buyers are implemented
¢ Regular product knowledge to keep up to date on benefits and features of products in design center.

© Provide excellent customer service and receive high survey scores.

Design Co, 03/2011 - Current
Flooring Services Design Gallery — City, STATE
¢ Multi Builder Facility
e Lead Designer on several accounts
e Lead buyers through builder selections from exterior to all interior of home. Customize backsplashes, showers and etc for new home.
e Spec homes selections for production builders throughout city per budget from builders.
e Prepare selections, drawings for both buyers and spec homes
e Work with management, sales and construction to ensure changes of original selections by buyers are implemented
e Regular product knowledge to keep up to date on benefits and features of products in design center.

¢ Provide excellent customer service and receive high survey scores.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
01/1992

Douglas Mac Arthur High School - San Antonio, Texas

Basic + College Coursework Completed
San Antonio College - San Antonio, Texas

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

e 2015 Designer of the Year, Flooring services
e 2022 Above and Beyond Award, Flooring Services