PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Cy

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hi There!

As a designer with a strong passion for this profession and excellent qualification, | am seeking to align myself
with your company for strong growth. The range of my experiences include anything from editorial and
packaging designs, marketing and advertising promotional products and people, and developing conceptual
designs. My southern heritage and style is reflected in my designs, and personality. | have the will to succeed
and the motivation to progress as a better creative leader. With this noted | would like to submit my resume to
your company. | believe upon your review, you will come to see that | place all my passion and energy in my
performance. You will recognize from my innovated ideas that | am a good candidate for your position. More
of my greatest strengths, essential and consistent are:

« Extensive expertise in Adobe and Windows softwares.

« Precise attention to details & comfortable managing and working within a group.

« Punctuality and professionalism with strong customer service experience.

« Strong record of being responsible for marketing campaigns, design teams, and event coordinating.
«Enthusiastic dedicated problem solver.

For the past five years, | have been studying and working with visual arts, graphic designs, marketing
concepts, photography, and event coordinating. | have worked along side of Creative Directors, Art Directors,
University Presidents and through all my experiences working with different clients and coworkers, | have
realized that a good concept is a great end product if executed correctly. | feel that | have the will power and
design background to execute all my projects to the very best potential. In other words, my dual strengths as
a creative designer and effective manager. | am seeking a professional opportunity to utilize my leadership,
problem solving and great customer service skills at your company.

« MAC &PC Adobe CS5 - 7 (Photoshop, InDesign, « Results-oriented

Illustrator, Dream Weaver) e Advanced typography knowledge
« css « Computer-assisted design (CAD) 2007
« HTML knowledge « Corporate design
« Linux knowledge e Strong design sense
e« Microsoft Office Suite expert « Conceptual thinker
« Sketching e Time management
e« Photography « Brochure and newsletter formatting
« Drafting design e Logo and business card
« Concept development, e Stationery and letterhead
e Color theory e Website enhancement
« Photo retouching, rendering editing & enhancing e Knowledge of book design
e Self-motivated professional e Quick learner

e Resourceful researcher

GRAPHIC DESIGNER 04/2014 to CURRENT
Hitch | Dallas, TX

Responsibilities:
e |develop and design photo products such for the fund raiser "To Remember This" thats in partners with
the company Great American.
Accomplishments:
e |developed and designed many photo products such as Photo Books, Calendars, Cards, and Stickers
to be used in the fund raiser "To Remember This" that was delivered to over 80k schools across the US
in September 2014.
Skills Used:
e |used time management and effective productivity with working on the products to produce many
products quickly and effectively.
e |used my design techniques and skills to develop visually pleasing designs that correlated with specific
holidays or designs.

CFCIATIVE DIRECTOR & LEAD GRAPHIC DESIGNER 01/2014 to CURRENT
Reachmobi | Bonita Springs, FL
Responsibilities:
e Take care of all matters that deal with design and concepts.
e Put together designs and templates to use for purchase orders, invoices, receipt forms, pitch deck
presentations and more.
Accomplishments:
« Solely developed and created the company's brand identity.
e« | designed all promotional material including, logo, websites brochures, business cards. and more.
Skills Used
« |demonstrate leadership, problem solving, giving and receiving creative direction and inspirational
skills.
e My graphic knowledge and skill is shown through my clean and effect designs.

FROELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER 2014 to CURRENT
Reachmobi | Philadelphia, PA

Res bilities:
e Redesign Hot Sauce labels and logos.
e Designed promotional material.

FRCIELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER 10/2014 to 10/2014
Reachmobi | Bonita Springs, FL

Res bilities:
*
e Redesign logo and brought it into electronic form
e Designed promotional material, like business cards, letter head and annual news letter.

GFCAPHIC, WEB, AND ADVERTISING INTERN 11/2013 to 02/2014
MNBC Global / VicRae Inc | City, STATE
Responsibilities
« Solely create advertisements, web banners and promotional content, in social media, for the band
British Dependency.
« Design any promotional material for any band, artist or designer that the company promotes.
e Worked directly with the art director in design concepts and marketing tools.
Accomplishments
e Created and published over 20 Web banners for the artists, British Dependency.

GFOPHIC, ADVERTISING AND MARKETING INTERN 11/2013 to 02/2014
Triple The Focus E- Magazine | City, STATE

Responsibilities
e Worked under the editor in chief for marketing and event planning for celebrities including Mr. Vegas,
Wayne Marshall, Wyclef and more.
e Solely created, redesigned, and edited magazine covers, opening and inside spreads.

e Coordinated events that directed media attention to Caribbean Artists & Musicians living in New York
Metropolitan Area.

Accomplishments:
e Solely created and designed October 2013, January 2014, August 2013, September 2013 covers and
opening calendar spread For Triple the Focus E- Magazine.
e Redesigned company's logo for E-magazine

GF.APHIC DESIGN TUTOR 02/2013 to 02/2014
The Art Institute Of New York City | City, STATE

e Provide one on on assistance in Adobe CS programs.
e Encouraged students to develop concepts, and creativity helped prepare student's work for
presentations.

FRCIELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER 02/2013 to 07/2013
LEXcann | City, STATE
Responsibilities:

e Designed and created album cover, mixtape cover, cd Illustration.

e Generated promotional flyer and posters for events.

e Redesigned the logo called "Lexacty" for a clothing line.

e Album Cover published on Itunes.

PFLNT AND WEB DESIGNER / STUDENT AMBASSADOR FOR THE ARTS 2011 to 11/2012
Southeastern Louisiana University | City, STATE
Responsibilities:
e Built and designed Websites for the university groups and administrator offices
e Created posters, fliers. t-shirt designs and marketing material for events on campus (SGA, Greek Life,
CAB)
e Supervised and Assisted the department chair for various University events.
e Directed and managed events for student university events, Family Day, Strawberry Jubilee, Gumbo Ya-
Ya, and more.

Accomplishments:
e Department Chairman for web and graphic designs for Southeastern Louisiana University's student life
2011.
Acted as coordinator and assistance to department chair for university events.
e Elected lead web and graphics designer by student body 2012.

B.A | Visual Arts 2015
Southeastern Louisiana University, Hammond, LA
Earned 115 credits - Visual Arts Bachelor's with a concentration in Graphic Design and Marketing

AJOS | Graphic Design 2014
The Art Institute of New York City, New York, NY

Concentration on the direct marketing tools in the Graphic Design field, leaned to build a company and brand
it from ground up. Collaborated with other designers and artists on marketing campaigns. Focused on print
design and illustrations.

Phi Mu Fraternity
August 2010 to Present

National female fraternal organization to promote high scholastic accomplishments, community involvement
and personal growth.

Elected to serve as Vice President.

Served as committee head for many different groups.

Accomplishments:

Over 100% participation Award

Most Outstanding Committee Head Award

Order of Omega

January 2012 to December 2012

The Order of Omega is a nationally recognized leadership honor society which strives to recognize those
students who have attained a high standard of leadership in the Greek and college activities.

SELU Student Government Association

March 2011 to December 2012

The members of the Student Government Association are dedicated to: staying aware of the general welfare
of the student body, serving as a channel of communication between the student body, faculty and
administration, establishing and executing programs and projects beneficial to the student body, and
promoting and improving relations between the local community and the student body.

Accomplishments

Student Body elected as Senator of Arts and Humanities.

Lead Web Designer

Sigma Alpha Lambda
January 2010 to Present

National Leadership and Honors Organization in the United States dedicated to developing the individual and
serving the campus and community. Its mission is to recognize members for academic achievement, to
engage members in service, and to develop member leadership skills.

National Society of Collegiate Scholars

January 2011 to Present

The National Society of Collegiate Scholars (NSCS) is an honors organization that recognizes and elevates
high achievers. NSCS provides career and graduate school connections, leadership and service
opportunities and gives out nearly a million dollars in scholarships annually. NSCS members are deeply
committed to scholarship, leadership and service and as a result, are impacting their campus and local
communities every day.

Who's Who Among College Students

January 2011 to Present

Each year, a select group of students is called forward to accept one of the most prestigious awards the
academic community can bestow — selection to Who's Who Among Students. This exclusive honor is
conferred by more than 2,842 schools in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and is symbolized by the
presentation of an award certificate.

College Republicans

January 2010 to December 2012

College Republicans is the nations oldest, largest, and most active youth political organization. Founded in
1892, there are currently over 250,000 CR's around the country on 1,800+ campuses in every state and DC.
Every year, CR's from all across America come together to help elect Republican candidates, support the
Republican agenda, and become the future leaders of the conservative movement.

Division of Student Affairs Student Ambassador

January 2011 to December 2012

The DSA Leadership Ambassadors are volunteers who assist the Division for Student Affairs with recruitment
events, the leadership development of new students, and the education of students on the rules, regulations,
and traditions of university life. DSA Leadership Ambassadors also promote spirit and unity among
Southeastern students and provide diligent service to the Southeastern community.

Accomplishments

Put together a leadership retreat where the Ambassador's showed leadership skills, team building activities
and demonstrated excellent community service to all Southeaster's Students who took part.

Set up informative tables and booths once a month to show the school how we help the students.

« Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML, Indesign
e Precise attention to details & comfortable managing and working within a group.
e Punctuality and professionalism with strong customer service experience.

e Strong track record of being solely responsible for marketing campaigns, design production teams, and
event coordinating.

« Enthusiastic dedicated problem solver.

e Portfolio

¢ Pacific Sourcing Website Design
e www.pacificsourcing_org

« Personal Website