SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND (©)

TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Lighting Designer with expertise developing creative vision for lighting. preparing design documents and
overseeing installation. Smooth collaborator when communicating with various [Type] industry professionals to
complete quality work. Confident and decisive leader when working under pressure.

e Lighting systems e Supervision

« = Skilled in maintenance and organization « Communications

« Audio technologies e« Organization

« Low-voltage cabling « Problem resolution

e System installation and repair e Planning and coordination
e Project coordination e Team management

« Team building « Inventory management

e« Relationship development e Customer service

e Project organization

LIGHTING DESIGNER 06/2019 to CURRENT
Mcclure Engineering | Saint Louis, MO

e Drafted cue sheets with cue numbers and detailed cue information, including reference to script page
numbers.

e Established light levels, cue fade times and other cues by programming into light board.

e Oversaw lighting aspects and adjusted during technical rehearsal.

e Delivered lighting concept presentations to clients by providing visuals and explaining plan details.

e Devised lighting concepts and planned lighting layouts for visual appeal and to meet functional needs.

e Controlled light board throughout production and promptly corrected issues.

e Used appropriate tools and materials in alignment with safety protocols and industry best practices.

e Transported and installed equipment for live events, including weddings and concerts.

e Integrated professional audio/video systems and provided technical assistance to resolve issues.

e Collaborated with production staff to deliver exceptional performances.

e Checked completed work for quality and accuracy.

e Diagnosed and repaired system issues by using troubleshooting techniques.

e Employed best practices and safety protocols during equipment installations, including projectors and
speakers.

e Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis on malfunctioning systems or components.

e Evaluated electrical systems, equipment and components to identify and resolve defects and safety
risks.

e Responded to emergency callbacks and provided onsite support.

e Examined and created solutions for high voltage electrical system problems.

ELOCTRICIAN'S ASSISTANT, LIGHTING DESIGNER 06/2019 to CURRENT
Forestburgh Playhouse | City, STATE

e Collaborated with mentors to plan and implement lighting installations.

e Oversaw lighting aspects and adjusted during technical rehearsal.

e Established light levels, cue fade times and other cues by programming into light board.

e Reviewed production scripts, location and aspects to guide lighting design.

e Prepared lighting plot and instrument sheet to illustrate instruments, dimmers, circuits and focus areas.

e Designed custom light fixtures and lighting elements, working closely with mentors to produce custom
designs.

e Met with mentors to ascertain vision, budget and specific needs.

e Gathered sample products to build deep lighting knowledge and collect options for future projects.

e Delivered lighting concept presentations to clients by providing visuals and explaining plan details.

e Devised lighting concepts and planned lighting layouts for visual appeal and to meet functional needs.

e Drafted cue sheets with cue numbers and detailed cue information, including reference to script page
numbers.

e Controlled light board throughout production and promptly corrected issues.

e Examined and tested electrical systems to locate loose connections or other faults and make proactive
repairs.

e Resolved issues with existing systems and replaced malfunctioning parts.

e Kept work areas clean, neat and free of hazards.

e Maintained organization, cleanliness and safety in all work areas.

e Operated hand and power tools and diagnostic equipment to complete various aspects of jobs.

¢ Collaborated with more knowledgeable professionals to grow understanding of principles and
construction standards.

e Completed semi-skilled and skilled work under supervision of fully qualified supervisors.

e Assisted with electrical installation tasks.

e Listened to directives of senior electrical professionals to complete efficient tasks.

e Gathered required tools and equipment for each task to increase efficiency.

e Promoted workplace safety and reported any potential hazards quickly to mentors.

e Worked in team-based environment to accomplish projects.

e Inspected existing wiring to identify problems such as short circuits.

e Setup equipment and configured settings for optimal performance.

LICHTING DESIGNER, AUDIO ASSISTANT 08/2018 to CURRENT
Delaware Valley High Schoo! | City, STATE

« Worked with teammates and on-site contacts to assess sound-related needs and requirements.

e Prepared lighting plot and instrument sheet to illustrate instruments, dimmers, circuits and focus areas.

e Laid out hardware connections according to regulatory and safety specifications fo reduce risk and
sprawl.

e« Devised lighting concepts and planned lighting layouts for visual appeal and to meet functional needs.

e Established light levels, cue fade times and other cues by programming into light board.

« Monitored multiple sound feeds to preserve appropriate auditory output.

e Drafted cue sheets with cue numbers and detailed cue information, including reference to script page
numbers.

e Reviewed production scripts, location and aspects to guide lighting design.

e Delivered lighting concept presentations to clients by providing visuals and explaining plan details.

« Oversaw lighting aspects and adjusted during technical rehearsal.

e« Performed peripheral testing, troubleshooting and problem-resolution to maintain performance levels.

« Maintained physical equipment, overseeing upkeep, deployment and storage to maximize hardware
lifecycle.

« Controlled light board throughout production and promptly corrected issues.

e« Collaborated with directors to plan and implement lighting installations.

High School Diploma 06/2021
Delaware Valley High School, Milford, PA