Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 © resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Dependable, creative, enthusiast artist with 10 plus years work experience in specialty clothing design looking to establish myself in
the field of high-quality design. Utilizing a unique skillset of creating a;uthentic historical clothing and accessories. I bring
willingness, enthusiasm and a positive attitude along with experience in a variety of artistic fields to my work.

Skills
e Advanced sewing skills ¢ Skilled in interior/exterior specialty finishes in a variety of
e Embroidery mediums
¢ Tailoring, fitting, and alterations ¢ Power tools: drill; rotary, table, miter, band, jig, reciprocating
¢ Good understanding of pattern drafting saws; Roto-Zip, Dremmel; sander; nail gun
¢ Strong knowledge of historical clothing design and fabricsof * Management experience
the Middle Ages. * Works well with others
. ¢ Excellent written and verbal communication skills

¢ Excellent color matching/paint mixing skills with sensitivity e Dependable, willing, and teachable

to subtle differences ¢ Genuine concern for client satisfaction
¢ Computer literate: Word, excel... ¢ Pride in workmanship
e Fashion styling e Flexible schedule capability
¢ Product development ¢ Willing to travel, drivers license, passport
Work History

Independent Designer and Seamstress, 03/2010 to Current

2K

Designed and constructed custom costumes for individuals and families, toddler to adult, mostly for Renaissance and medieval
reenactment: unique cloaks, gowns, hoods, hats, spats. Also, have created clothing based on others’ design, including pattern drafting
and fitting, alterations. Consulted on interior design.

Artist; painting, design consultation, faux finishes, specialty props, 05/1996 to Current

Gabrielle Carey, Muralist Gabrielle McLean 949-514-1593 — City, STATE

Artist associate in creating custom murals, mostly children’s rooms and nurseries, but also in hospitals, offices, retail stores, and
homes. Color consultation, party decor & signage, antique finishes, custom themes with 3-D elements, from simple cutouts to
elaborate sewing design and ainted details.

Artist; faux painting and plaster finishes, 04/1996 to 09/2012

Design By Touch, Suzi Kokenda 818-599-4926 — City, STATE

Assisted in all areas of job preparation, execution, and clean up: interior and exterior painted faux finishes on walls and furniture,
acrylic and alkyld based products, linseed oil, shellac, varnish, and stains, as well as Venetian plaster finishes.

Artist, 03/1996 to 07/1997
Mural Environments, Roger Dolin 818-902-1218 — City, STATE
Entry level position assisting with basic painted finishes, mural backgrounds, and wall preparation in homes, hospitals, and retail

stores.