ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

i
~

C3}

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

« Team-1 Team Leader - Landmark Education June 2012-October 2014 Landmark Education is an
international personal and professional growth, training and development company-a global educational
enterprise committed to the fundamental principle that people have the possibility of success. fulfillment
and greatness.

« Conducted needs assessments, and defined objectives for the expansion and implementation of
communication training and development of courses that entailed class invitations, guest registrations
and participant retention.

« Directed teams and collaborated with Subject Matter Experts, National Leaders, Course Leaders and
Regional Classroom Leaders fo ensure proper development of online distance learning courses.

« Demonstrated ability to communicate with, influence and impact people in my project (Game-In-The-
World) at multiple organizational levels, selecting the appropriate training strategy and delivery methods
based on business capacity, budget and learning needs, developed interactive coaching strategies
utilizing Adobe Captivate 7.

« Coordinated course enrollment and attendance tracking through LISA- their Customer Relations
Management System and Tortoise SVN a Subversion Repository.

Instructor-Led Training * Web-Course Development Learning and Development professional with 7 years of
progressive experience in the Domestic and Global workplace solutions. Contributes value through a blend of
e-learning analytics, organizational development theories, and instructional design technology including
management skills and product training. Sharp, poised, organized. business professional that serves as a
business partner and liaison to Coaching, Capabilities, and Learning and Development teams; ability to focus
on the details in creation of blended learning; Instructor led or WBT: strong behavioral aptitude for analytical
projects that require initiative and adaptable to change in fast paced environments. ADDIE Model * E-
Learning Modules * Needs Analysis * Course Organization Content Development * Content Design *
Curriculum Development * Course Syllabus Design Course Evaluation * Learning Needs Assessments * Goals
& Learning Objectives * Instructor Led training Computer Based Training * Grading * Measurements of
Effectiveness * Learning Activities & Task Sequence Adult Learning Principles * LMS & Zinc Systems *
Blended Learning Interventions * Storyboard Building

e Microsoft Project 2010, 2013

« BlackHawk College

e Photoshop, Camtasia, Flash- Certifications -In
Progress

e Zinc Systems, PowerPoint, Articulate Studio,
Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, LMS-SAP.
ISOtrain, Camtasia, SharePoint, Microsoft
Project, Muse, SuccessFactors, JDU Enterprise
Networks, CRM-PeopleSoft, Ellen-Inquiry
Management System, Program Central,
Slideshow, Virtual Campus, Stitch-in Sites, ADM
and |EX.

e E-LEARNING & INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGN
PROFESSIONAL

e COMPETENCIES & CAPABILITIES

INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER PROJECT MANAGER 09/2076 to 03/2017
Wi-Tronix, LLC | City, STATE

e Designed and developed e-Learning courses. created design documents and ID Plans, developed
storyline content.
e End-to-End Processes- Course Authoring, Course Development and Course Launching using SCORM

Cloud.

¢ SME Interviews for content development, Training needs analysis, Review and Sign-off at each project
phase.

e Utilized Articulate Storyline 2, Cornerstone LMS, Adobe Captivate, Camtasia tools to aid course
development.

e Global , ABV1 Mettawa, IL.

e Feb, Mar, Apr 2016.

e Created introductory text and screenshot captions for the Home-Study Course and clinical data training
program.

e Modified and Updated the design of the eLearning Modules and Specialty Brand Portals for new
product training of the commercial operations for complex and serious diseases throughout the global
affiliates.

e Developed course descriptions, learning modules and training programs utilizing information from
Subject Matter Experts and delivered training in an effective manner while overseeing workflow
management for design.

e Reviewed, Revised, Defined and Uploaded Glossary Terms with appropriate references and proper
annotations following the Abbvie referencing guidelines.

e Designed and developed content and uploaded to Zinc Maps Promotional Systems for Tracking and
Review.

e Delivered the best total approvals solutions utilizing zinc systems across their medical/regulatory
reviewers and global affiliates, providing them unique expertise and unrivalled customer service.

e Managed a portfolio of [Number] accounts totaling $[Amount] in sales.

*

10

SEJIOR INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER/TRAINING SPECIALIST 04/2015 to 01/2016
Hospira/Pfizer | City

e Designed e-learning course content incorporatring adult learning principles.

e Developed and implemented e-learning courses utilizing Adobe Captivate 8 and Lectora authoring tools
that adhere to best practice, and media-based learning elements-Web-based training and ILT/ blended
learning programs such as SAP DTT- Device tracking and tracing.

e Implemented complex e-learning interactions and assessments including quizzes, case studies. video,
and simulations.

e Used SharePoint for sharing/viewing training documents as well as for scheduling meetings and tracking
project schedules/timelines.

e Supported analysis and evaluation incorporating learner feedback to enhance courses.

e Repurposed content into various training methodologies-lecture, role plays. paired shares, discussion
groups.

e Collaborated with SME's and built quality systems and validated regulatory compliance.

e Exhibited solid knowledge of the regulations and ensured appropriate performance in compliance with
cCGXPs.

e Utilized Camtasia for editing and embedding video into training courses.

e Documented requirements of pharmaceutical quality systems and change control to ensure the
validation of its computerized system life-cycle.

e Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in [Location].

e Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in [Location].

e Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in [Location].

e Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in [Location].

DEVELOPER PROJECT MANAGER/INSTRUC TIONAL DESIGNER 01/2014 to 01/2015
Deere & Company

e Served as PM leader for multi-million dollar company established over 175 years ago to ensure the
continuation of advancing technology, company's core values, and ensuring the development and
retention of global efforts.

e Designed a Global Coaching Strategy Administration instructor-led virtual course, deployed globally via
WebEx for instructing Professional Global JD Administrators on registration processes and course
requirements.

e Created a training deployment syllabus that itemized and detailed the planning and administration of a
Coaching Deployment Program, planned for global leadership training session in their global regions.

e Designed first drafts/ storyboards according to JD guidelines and produced a course that facilitated the
planning and administration of The Essential Coaching Skills course and management of formal
coaching relationships.

e Developed and authored content for WBT training utilizing Articulate Storyline13:; loaded into LMS SAP-
Success Factors to deploy, manage and report project status to stakeholders.

Masters of Arts | and Development
Roosevelt University, Schaumburg, IL
and Development

Ba helor of Arts | Public Administration
Public Administration

Cc.centration Policy Analysis & Business Administration Lusaka, Zambia, Southern Africa 2010
Roosevelt University Graduate Certificates Instructional Systems Designs(ISD), Online Teaching
and Application (OTA), Training and Development Microtarin Technologies PMP CEU's Complete -
PMP Certification In Progress Six Sigma Greenbelt CEU's Complete- Certification In Progress
Sharepoint

German, Spanish, Chinese, Russian and French, and evaluated the WBT through course completion
surveys.