JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Creative Web Designer and Brand Developer, with a diverse background in multimedia production, incorporates rich media assets and
interactivity to engage and capture audiences. Develops novel designs and navigation plans to differentiate final products from existing
competition. Loves taking on new challenges, bouncing around new ideas in an inspired team, and learn what needs to be learned to find
creative solutions. Strong desire to make a difference and be part of the change.

SKILLS
e Website design ¢ Production management
e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Premiere, InDesign) ¢ Corporate branding
¢ CSS, PHP, HTML (and some JavaScript) e Brand-building strategies
« Print and digital graphic and media Design e Current online marketing practices
¢ Project coordination ¢ Microsoft Office expertise
EXPERIENCE

12/2015 to Current Brand Consultant, Graphic & Web Designer
Irenka Design — City, STATE

¢ Mastered web designs from conception to completion and handled graphic design, artwork and digital application,
to create eye-catching easy-to-use interfaces with SEO best practices and cross-platform functionality

e Conducted major overhauls of outdated websites, to improve user experience, increase visitors and sales,
complying with client specifications and in coordination with their marketing team's vision

e® Work with CMS (WordPress), templates and custom templates

e Use of a combination of coding hacks and skills (CSS, PHP, HTML) to custom edit any content into the desired
layout and functionality (following current trends)

e Implemented various features and content, including shopping carts, forms, and streaming video files to make
websites more interactive and user-friendly.

e Integrated email marketing platforms, testing APIs to ensure visitors data was stored correctly, managed and
maintained databases

e Track user behavior with Google Analytics and make informed decisions

e Designed landing pages, integrated Facebook pixels, and coordinated with social media ad campaigns and lead
generation

© Developed brand identity with distinctive graphic style and tone for company communications.

e Recommended product changes to enhance customer interest and maximize sales.

© Strategically devised customer approaches, conducting customer feedback and testing, and capitalizing on
emerging opportunities.

¢ Promoted company's mission and vision through creation of web images and visuals focused on key products and
Services.

e Checked copywriting, image design, banners and other features for blending within site content and reviewed
graphics for cohesive aesthetics.

e Worked with a variety of clients (NGOs, national organizations, local companies, artists, event organizers)

01/2012 to Current Music & Tour Production
Black Swan World — City, STATE
* Composing, songwriting, audio production (recording, arranging, mixing)
e Bookings. promoting shows, tour management in twenty U_S states, Canada and Europe
e Admin work (emails, follow ups, phone calls, orders, coordinating with venues, bookkeeping)
e Artist and fan base management

12/2013 to 12/2020 Video & Show Producer
Director, Choreographer, Set Designer — City, STATE

e Pre production (music video storyboarding, costume design, coordinating shoots)

¢ Choreographing dance routines, casting and directing dancers and extras on set

e Directing camera work. Shooting live events, artist interviews, EPKs, online webinars, concerts

e Post production (video editing, color correction, special FX)

© Managed editing of complex projects with dozens of layers and sub sequences in Premiere Pro video editing
software

e Reviewed video and selected best footage for storytelling.

e Edited video by adding graphics, titles, audio and special effects.

e Analyzed video content for quality control and editorial corrections.

e Facilitated projects and contributed to every stage of video and film production.

e Transformed footage and assets to create compelling, effective [Type] videos and content.

¢ Collaborated with creative team and director to ensure alignment between artistic vision and editing requirements.

e Supervised project phases from storyboard and script phases to final delivery.

¢ Oversaw editing of motion design and visual effects to deliver campaigns and network brand identities in line with
specific goals.

12/2012 to 12/2013 Dance and Sales Associate
World Champion Productions — City, STATE
e Teaching Ballroom - Latin — Swing, from Social Dancing to Bronze and Silver levels (DVIDA certified in Bronze
Smooth) with 5-star service
e One-on-one lessons and group classes
e Sales and customer recommendation of packages and services
¢ Hosting themed parties/events

EpucATION

M.S: Architectural Engineering
Universite Libre De Bruxelles

B.S: Architectural Engineering
Universite Libre de Bruxelles

A.A: Music Technology & Production

University of Hull

LANGUAGES
English: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Czech: Spanish:

Negotiated: Negotiated: