JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated employee with history of meeting company goals, utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure
and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the company. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong
organizational skills eager to secure entry-level position. Ready to help team achieve company goals. Organized and dependable candidate
successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

SKILLS

Illustration e Self Driven

e Project presentations e Adaptable

¢ Tech-savvy e Organized

« Superb eye for detail © Dedicated/Committed

e Teamwork skills e Stay calm under pressure

¢ PPE Compliance e Average 52 WPM
Work History

02/2022 to Current Designer
Dade Moeller — Raleigh, NC
¢ Obtained approval of closet designs by submitting rough drafts to clients.
e Planned project concepts by researching and studying information.
¢ Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.
e Consulted with contractors or clients to identify design requirements for each project.
¢ Gathered and bought materials needed to successfully complete projects.
e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
e Offered friendly and efficient service to customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.

06/2017 to 08/2021 Herdsperson
Smithfield Foods, Inc. — Denison, LA
e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe
working environment.
¢ Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
© Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
* Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.
e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.
¢ Worked in the farrowing department, as a farrowing assistant, assisting sows while farrowing.
Completed all the necessary tasks, to increase pig survivability.
e Maintained paperwork, and understood numbers, to hit our monthly targets.

09/2014 to 05/2017 Paraprofessional
Suwannee County Schools — Live Oak, FL
e Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive
learning outcomes.
¢ Oversaw students in classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules and support lead teacher.
e Kept classrooms clean, neat and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.
e Encouraged dynamic and pleasant educational environment by promoting both gentle discipline and cooperation.
e Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ Monitored students on field trips, handling roll call and group movement to keep youths safe in public settings.

12/2012 to 07/2015 Direct Support Professional Caregiver
Dungarvin, Inc. — Milwaukee, WI
e Built strong relationships with clients to deliver emotional support and companionship.
¢ Supported clients with mental support and physical activities to accomplish quality of life and sustain needs.
e Assisted clients with daily living needs to maintain self-esteem and general wellness.
e Cleaned house, ran errands, managed laundry, and daily cooking.
e Assisted with dressing guidance, grooming, meal preparation and medication reminders.
e Engaged patients in meaningful conversation, socialization and activity while providing personal care assistance.
e Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.
© Monitored client vital signs, administered medications and tracked behaviors to keep healthcare supervisor well-
informed.
¢ Helped clients manage money, pay bills and shop for groceries or personal items.
e Recognized and reported abnormalities or changes in patients’ health status to case manager.
e Maintained clean personal areas and prepared healthy meals to support client nutritional needs.
¢ Provided transportation to doctor's appointments, grocery stores, salons and barbershops.
¢ Documented residents’ mental status, sleep and eating patterns in medical record books.
e Transported individuals to events and activities, medical appointments and shopping trips.
e Entertained, conversed and read aloud to keep patients mentally alert.
e Turned and positioned bedbound patients to prevent bedsores and maintain comfort levels.
¢ Maintained frequent supervision of residents unable to call for assistance.
e Changed dressings, bandages and binders to maintain proper healing and sanitary measures.

EpucaTION

05/2011 High School Diploma
Mankato West Senior High School - Mankato, MN

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Completed many courses on Management Training. This gave me further knowledge on how different departments work throughout a
company.