JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success. Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options
where good customer service and positive attitude will make a difference. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply tme management
and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

EXPERIENCE

Designer, 02/2020 - Current
Cleaver Brooks — Lenexa. KS
¢ Followed corporate brand guidelines to enable brand consistency across campaigns and marketing programs.
¢ Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.
e Thoroughly researched design topics and studied information pertaining to topics.
¢ Collaborated with team of designers to offer improvements and direction on others! projects.
¢ Submitted rough drafts to clients and management to gain approval.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Exceeded customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
¢ Performed site evaluations, and customer surveys

* Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

Veterinary Assistant, 02/2017 - 03/2020
Ascension Health — Evansville, IN
e Restrained and stabilized animals during examination and treatment to prevent injuries.
¢ Scrubbed, counted and packed surgical instruments and drapes for autoclave sterilization.
e Cared for animals in post-operative recovery by closely monitoring vital signs and progress.
* Organized operating room ahead of procedures and assisted veterinarians during surgeries.
e Trained new veterinary staff on office procedures and requirements.
* Operated diagnostic equipment such as radiographic and ultrasound equipment.
© Helped veterinarian with wide variety of surgical procedures, including neutering, tooth removal and casting broken bones.
e Documented and tracked treatment activities.
e Offered every owner exceptional customer service and support as well as top-notch care to each animal.
¢ Monitored post-surgical pet care and administered medication under vet direction.
e Reviewed pet records from daily visits and appointments, entering all important data into system.
* Cleaned and maintained kennels, holding areas and surgical rooms.
e Answered pet owner phone calls and responded to questions while taking messages for staff veterinarians.
¢ Collected and documented animal information such as weight, size, physical condition and food intake.
e Set up appointments for checkups and scheduled veterinary consultations and surgical visits.
¢ Unloaded and organized supplies and product inventory.

Cashier, 04/2015 - 02/2017
Lkgq — Whitehouse, TX
¢ Performed prep work such as washing, peeling, cutting and seeding fruits and vegetables.
¢ Updated displays, cases and other customer-facing areas to increase sales of special items.
e Maintained order and cleanliness of work areas to conform with health codes.
¢ Followed recipes and customer requests to prepare high-quality, delicious meals.
¢ Cleaned and sanitized work areas, equipment, utensils, dishes and silverware.
e Cross-trained in other kitchen positions to support team and meet customer needs.
¢ Operated cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.
* Controlled portion sizes and garnishing for optimal cost controls.
¢ Kept food storage and preparation equipment in good working order to maximize safety and cost-efficiency of operations.
* Received food orders from individuals and explained offerings.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 05/2016
First Baptist Opelika Christian School - Opelika, AL

Southern Union State Community College - Opelika, AL

SKILLS
e POS system operation e Subcutaneous injection
e Written and oral communication skills e General anesthesia recovery
e Excellent communication skills ¢ Client education
« Money handling e Feline towel restraint
e Team player mentality e Maintaining treatment notes
* Originality ¢ Patient bathing
® Creative and artistic ® Collecting specimens for analysis
¢ Critical thinking e Intramuscular injection
© Work ethic e Elizabethan collar application
e PPE use e Ear cleaning
e Pre-anesthetic preparation ¢ Vital signs
e Lab animal restraint e Suture removal
¢ Post-surgical clean up and OR sanitation e Explaining treatment

e Monitoring recovery