JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am a hardworking and multi-talented individual who loves to design, play sports, and learn. I am always up for a challenge and look forward
to always striving to become better.

HicHuicutTs
* Microsoft Office Suite ¢ Photography [Nikon, Canon]
e Adobe Photoshop’ InDesign’ Illustrator e Creative and artistic
« MAC/Windows OS ¢ Self-motivated professional
¢ CorelDraw Software © Quick learner
¢ Photobench Software e Time management
EXPERIENCE

09/2015 to 2016 Graphic Designer
Hatch — Pittsburgh, PA
¢ Photographed new cellphone cases using Photobench Software and a Canon camera.
e Edited the photos using Photoshop and applied over one thousand designs photoshopped onto the cellphone cases.
* Create various images for the website as well as web banners.
e Fulfill cellphone case orders on CorelDraw, applying the right design for each order.

09/2015 Bartender
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. — Westminster, CO
e Tended the bar at the tournament for private companies who rented out cabana spaces, made sure all the guests
enjoyed their time as well as provided non alcoholic and alcoholic beverages.
e Ensured the bar table was clean at all times, as well as kept the bar stocked with all available beverage options.

07/2014 to 03/2016 Athlete - Retail Associate
Omni Hotels — San Francisco, CA
e Deliver a premium consumer experience by demonstrating the expertise of Nike products and services to give
consumers what they need to connect, train, and compete with the knowledge to achieve their goals.
© Unloaded deliveries and processed incoming products to be directed immediately to the sales floor.

08/2013 to 2014 Restaurant Hostess
Sandia Resort Casino — Albuquerque, NM

¢ Greet incoming and exiting guests with Forbes Five Star customer service guidelines and take down information
for the parties.

e Answered incoming phone calls on a multiline telephone, answered questions and directed their calls accordingly,
as well as taking down reservations for guests.

¢ Monitored the open tables and seated guest accordingly, helped servers when needed by passing out menus to all
guests, transferred guests from the bar to a table and served them their beverages.

06/2013 to 06/2015 Design Guide
Accor Hotels — Honolulu, HI
e Guided interested buyers through the showroom floor.
e Answered questions about furniture items, prices, and the company.
e Took tentative orders on items interested in on an iPad.
¢ Worked with individual designers as well as retail companies, partnering them with their appropriate sales agent
over that specific territory.

02/2013 to 08/2013 Lifeguard
Wynn Hotel — City, STATE
¢ Provided professional and courteous service to each guest.
e Daily responsibilities included maintaining a safe and pristine pool deck environment, set up of the pool deck
before the pool opens to guests and completing a breakdown of the pool each day as the pool closes.

04/2012 to 09/2012 Lifeguard & Water Safety Instructor
Nellis Air Force Base — City, STATE
e Maintained a safe and healthy learning/recreational environment during all Aquatics Programs.
¢ Provided constant surveillance of patrons in the facility to ensure a safe environment.
¢ Completed opening and closing duties as well as mid-day shifts.
e Instructing patrons on water familiarization, water safety, and beginner, intermediate and advanced swimming
levels.

05/2010 to 07/2011 Pool Manager
City Of Las Vegas — City, STATE
e Maintain fellow staff members and assure that they were on task.
© Create staff schedule, lesson assignments, and conduct in-service trainings.
e Have ample knowledge in First Aid, CPR, and Lifeguarding/Water Safety Instructor skills.
e Ensure patron safety as well as the safety of all my staff members.
e Cash handling and Registration operations

10/2007 to 07/2011 Lifeguard & Water Safety Instructor
City Of Las Vegas — City, STATE
e Maintained a safe and healthy learning/recreational environment during all aquatics Programs.
e Provided constant surveillance of patrons in the facility to ensure a safe environment.
¢ Instructing patrons on water familiarization, water safety, and beginner, intermediate and advanced swimming
levels.
e Responsible for safeguarding the lives of the swimmers in the water.

05/2007 to 05/2007 Chevrolet Model/Representative
MTM Modeling Agency — City. STATE
e Representative who would tend to customers needs and questions.
e Interest them in taking surveys on computers to obtain free merchandise by Chevrolet.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2015 Bachelor of Arts: Graphic Design
University of Nevada Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV
e Dean's List Honor for Fine Arts
e Recipient of UNLV's Alliance of Professionals of African Heritage Award
e Recipient of UNLV's GraduAsian for Asian & Pacific Islanders Award

2015 Bartending
National Bartenders School - Las Vegas, NV
Completed the Course Study and passed the required test in:
e Mixology, Product Knowledge, Wines
e Customer Service, Comping and Gaming Jackpot Payouts

2014 Online Intern: Graphic Design
YHM Magazine - New York, NY
e Create advertising flyers for Open Casting Calls
e Create business card design for the company

2009 High Honors Diploma
Las Vegas High School - Las Vegas, NV
© 46GPA
e High Honors Graduate
¢ Scholar Athlete Award
e Presidents Award of Educational Excellence

VOLUNTEER

Convoy of Hope
Las Vegas, NV 2014, 2015
¢ Convoy of Hope is a faith-based, nonprofit organization with a driving passion to feed the world through children’s feeding initiatives,
community outreaches and disaster response.