JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level

opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

SKILLS
« Computer literate ¢ Communication
e Multi-tasking abilities e Organizational skills
¢ Originality e Planning
e Creative and artistic
EXPERIENCE

Designer, 10/2018 - 03/2020
Apple Inc. — Odessa, TX
¢ Cut, arranged and produced flower bouquets and potted perennial plants according to customer specifications.
* Prepared and processed floral orders to customer specifications via phone or resulting from in-store consultations.
e« Communicated clearly and effectively with customers to determine type of arrangement desired, occasion and date, time and location for
each arrangement needed.
¢ Utilized expert communication skills to collaborate with customers and design bouquets, corsages and other floral pieces to meet
requirements.
¢ Promoted customer satisfaction by recommending flower pairings and greenery options for floral arrangements.
* Participated in client consultations to discuss floral designs for special occasions, including christenings, weddings and funerals.
e Shared details on how to properly care for purchased flowers and plants with customers.
e Stayed current on latest floral trends and supplier products by conducting careful research.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

Member Service Representative, 03/2011 - 08/2012
Coxhealth — Cassville, MO
e Maintained strong knowledgebase of product options and sales promotions to better serve every customer.
e Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote company brand.
e Assessed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
¢ Processed customer account changes with proprietary software.
¢ Processed cash and check deposits every day.
¢ Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.
¢ Informed customers about product lines and services offered by company.
e Managed customer conflicts and challenging situations by staying calm and accessing internal knowledgebases to develop strategic
solutions.

¢ Helped members resolve account problems and navigate internal systems to handle routine needs.

Teller, 07/2010 - 03/2011
Home Bancorp, Inc. — Harvey, LA
« Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.
e Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
* Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.
e Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures.
e Trained employees on cash drawer operation.
© Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions.
e Identified and reported suspicious behavior to security personnel as appropriate.
* Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.
e Entered member transaction data into online banking software.
e Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments and issued cashier's checks.
* Cashed customer checks, verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank policy.
¢ Performed basic administrative tasks regarding banking products, including handling phone calls, inquiries and emails.
© Kept teller window areas clean, organized and fully stocked.
e Responded and assisted customers with account inquiries and updates.

Teller, 05/2009 - 06/2010
Home Bancorp, Inc. — Metairie, LA
e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.
e Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
e Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.
e Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures.
e Trained employees on cash drawer operation.
e Identified and reported suspicious behavior to security personnel as appropriate.
© Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions.
« Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.
e Entered member transaction data into online banking software.
e Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments and issued cashier's checks.
* Cashed customer checks, verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank policy.
e Performed basic administrative tasks regarding banking products, including handling phone calls. inquiries and emails.
© Kept teller window areas clean, organized and fully stocked.
¢ Reconciled cash and checks against computer records at end of shift.
e Responded and assisted customers with account inquiries and updates.
e Entered transactions into computer and issued customer receipts.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: University Studies
Texas Tech University - Lubbock, TX
e Major in University Studies
*« Completed coursework in Organizational Leadership, Horticulture, & Wind Energy
e Texas Tech Presidential Scholar
e 3.35 GPA
e National Honor Society Member
e August 2012-May 2013

Associate of Arts: Business Administration, 05/2009
San Jacinto College - Houston, TX