SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Goal-driven Graphic Artist successful at applying technical skills to create art that informs and engages
customers. Clear communicator and collaborative team player with an eye for detail and skill in customer
relations.

Versatile Graphic Artist and Designer with talent for developing unique custom artwork. Adept at generating
innovative ideas and concepts. Experienced in overseeing individual projects and commercial projects.
Knowledgeable Graphic Designer proficient in logos, marketing materials and website design. Focused on
providing complete business services to corporate clients.

Enthusiastic Graphic Artist skilled at creating letterheads, signage and other business-specific materials.
Talent for translating company vision into suite of useful graphics and related designs, using Illustration and
Graphic Design programs, 3D, such as Corel Draw, Illustrator and Autocad.

Fluent in spanish Language (Native Language)

e Logo creation e Autocad
¢ Digital graphics ¢ Graphic and Media Design
e Advertising familiarity e Corel Draw expertise
e Brand development e Developing slide presentations
e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator,
Dreamweaver),
GRAPHIC DESIGNER 02/2007 to 12/2017

Harpercollins Publishers | Boston, MA

e Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and
letterheads.

e Formatted designs and media for print and web applications to deliver production ready graphics.

e Established organizational vision and developed strategies to achieve sales, profit and loss and
customer service goals.

e Developed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks for 3000 projects.

e Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.

e Created innovative design packages to elevate, differentiate and drive on-brand initiatives and increase
sales by 100%.

e Determined marketing and design vision with clients for all types of graphic design projects.

e Used Corel Draw to create images and layouts.

e Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.

e Produced 1500 projects for advertising and informational purposes.

e Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

e Leveraged media and graphic design expertise to develop engaging marketing and promotional
materials, including flyers and advertisements to generate new sales revenues and grow customer
base.

e Designed print materials such as brochures, banners and signs.

e Created prototypes and mockups of products using Corel Draw.

e Directed advertisement, trade show banner and signage projects from conceptualization to final
delivery.

e Leveraged graphic design expertise to produce email blasts, catalogs, posters and other promotional
materials.

e Created digital logos and product designs for local businesses.

M.CYOR ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATIVE 01/2009 to 12/2009
ALCALDIA MUNICIPAL RIOFRIO VALLE | City, STATE

e Cultivated and maintained positive working relationships with employees and freelance personnel.

e Implemented procedures to increase overall productivity.

e Created all reports on time and adhered to strict billing deadlines.

e Monitored employee adherence to occupational health and safety protocols.

e Worked closely and followed up with colleagues regarding documentation, operational issues and
materials ordering

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to
provide data for consideration of corrective actions and improvements.

e Coached and guided Assistant Mayor on day-to-day operations and company processes.

e Handled incoming and outgoing correspondence, including mail, e-mail and faxes.

e Met all recordkeeping and reporting requirements.

e Created comprehensive progress reports on all programs to show progress.

e Directed teams of professionals in special projects and daily operations.

e Created and enforced more efficient processes and boosted productivity by 90%.

e Complied with precise schedules by completing accurate, on-time work.

e Implemented billing procedures, audited and reconciled accounts and recorded transactions into [Type]
database.

ACCAINISTRADORA 03/2003 to 07/2007
ESCUELA DE FUTBOL CARLOS SARMIENTO LORA | City, STATE

e Assisted with administrative tasks, including filing, answering phones

« Organized conference room space and materials for internal and customer meetings, took notes and
distributed meeting minutes to support executive needs.

¢ Supported departmental operations, including filing, monthly report preparation and vendor requisitions.

« Wrote email messages, memos and business letters for management and proofread all documentation
to provide error-free correspondence.

« Arranged domestic and international travel, hotel and transportation needs for staff.

e« Contacted customers via phone and email to confirm deliveries and follow up with inquiries.

e« Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel, in addition to providing
information to resolve inquiries and bolster customer satisfaction.

e Liaised between internal and external stakeholders, providing updated project status and performance
reports.

e Scheduled and coordinated meetings and calendars of high-level decision-makers.

« Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between department
heads and executives.

« Coordinated project materials, including managing physical and digital files, monitoring spreadsheets
and updating reports.

« Facilitated troubleshooting, maintenance and updates for office systems.

e« Collected, calculated and reported on expenditure and statistical data to inform senior management.

e« Entered invoice data into company database and updated details, including customer contacts and
delivery dates to keep information current.

« Created and maintained spreadsheets and developed administrative and logistical reports.

« Communicated with vendors to place and receive orders, request maintenance services and deliver
instruction on behalf of office management.

Information Sistems And Graphic Design
CESDE, Medellin, Colombia

Hig. School Diploma 08/1993
COLEGIO SAGRADO CORAZON DE JESUS, Tulua, Valle Colombia