Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Accomplished and creative leader possessing multifaceted experience and proven ability to re-energize and restructure
organizations, develop strategic initiatives and capture emerging business opportunities. Results-oriented, decisive leader adept at
forging lucrative relationships with employees, vendors and consumers. Recognized for turning around struggling company

operations to achieve sustained growth.

Skills
¢ Performance improvement e MS Office
e Recruitment e Logo design
e Team Leadership ¢ Visual design
e Training and Development e Graphic design
* Conflict Resolution e Adobe Creative Suite
¢ Food Preparation and Safety ¢ Title and chapter creation
¢ Coaching and mentoring ¢ Office administration
¢ Budget administration e Meeting minutes
¢ Staff training/development ¢ Travel Administration
¢ Deadline-oriented e Transporting Files
¢ Budget development ¢ Routing Mail
¢ Employee scheduling e Report Development
¢ Operations management e Organizing Mail
¢ Relationship building e Faxing Paperwork
¢ Efficient multi-tasker * Document Conversion
¢ Verbal and written communication e Correspondence Handling
¢ Tech-savvy ¢ Meeting arrangements
e Project presentations ¢ Workers’ compensation
¢ Vendor relationships ¢ Scheduling
e Superb eye for detail ¢ Payroll and budgeting
¢ Customized Template Design ¢ Marketing
¢ Creative Design Layouts ¢ Social media knowledge
e Ability to effectively plan e OSHA compliance

e Teamwork skills

Work History

Graphic Designer, 04/2013 to Current
Hdr, Inc. — Kansas City, MO
¢ Coordinated, created and scheduled content, designs and periodic updates to company website.
¢ Used Adobe and Microsoft programs to create images and layouts for over 300 projects.
¢ Developed collateral such as display, marketing and packaging materials to support product branding strategies.
e Created motion and still videos for use in prototype testing and manufacturing optimization.
e Used Adobe and Microsoft to develop product mockups and prototype designs.
¢ Developed creative design for marketing packages, including print materials, brochures, banners and signs.
¢ Created digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing methods.
¢ Designed graphics for websites, logos and promotions for marketing purposes.
¢ Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
e Designed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks.

General Manager, 04/2013 to 09/2020
Freebirds — Irving, TX
e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast needs.
e Organized budgets, oversaw P&Ls and achieved margin targets consistently to stay on track with growth plans.
e Trained, coached and mentored staff to support smooth adoption of new reward programs.
¢ Boosted productivity by consolidating material planning, data collecting, payroll and accounting programs into one main
system.
¢ Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.
¢ Implemented innovative programs, including Cinebucks and Cine-rewards program to increase employee loyalty and reduce
turnover.
e Supported regulatory compliance by overseeing all audits to verify protocol adherence.
e Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts, and payroll.
e Enforced quality assurance protocols to deliver ideal customer experiences.
e Oversaw inventory by ordering precise quantities of stock and executing corrective actions to drive profitability.

¢ Managed budget implementations, employee reviews, training, schedules and contract negotiations.

Senior Manager, 09/2008 to 04/2013
Coty Inc. — San Antonio, TX
¢ Follow the direction dictated by the General Manager.
e Accounting Manager for financial record keeping.
¢ Human Resource Manager for all recruiting, onboarding, training, demotion, and termination procedures.
¢ Office Manager to ensure General Manager duties execute proficiently for scheduling and performance outcome.
¢ Support General Manager's decisions in communication with the staff.
¢ Participate in the training and coaching of staff members in their specific job functions.
¢ Assist in the preparation of administrative reports and special reports for the General Manager.
¢ Observe and participate in the inspection of the theatre building, parking lot, and landscaping, Cinemark property, and
equipment condition.
¢ Report the need for building, property, and equipment repairs to the General Manager.

e Interact with Customers for improved service in the theatre.

Cashier, 06/2006 to 09/2008
Legacy Traditional Schools — East Mesa, AZ
¢ Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash and credit purchases or refunds.
¢ Restocked, arranged and organized merchandise in front lanes to drive product sales.
¢ Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs to promote loyalty, satisfaction and sales
numbers.
e Checked identification for proof-of-age and refusing access to R-rated features.
¢ Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.
¢ Worked closely with management to solve problems and handle customer concerns.
¢ Trained as usher, concessionist, and box office cashier and provided back-up coverage to provide customers with optimal
support.
e Answered questions about store policies and concerns to support positive customer experiences.
¢ Met and exceeded upsell goals by highlighting target merchandise with strategic promotional approaches.

¢ Mentored new team members on POS system operation, customer service strategies and sales goals.
Education

Associate of Arts: Merchandise Design And Marketing, 09/2012
Wade College - Dallas, TX