Ariel Norling
Product Designer

Experience

Education

Skills

arielnorling.com
aneinorling@gmailcom

(210) 326-5459

Product Designer
Casetext

UX Designer
EdSurge

Senior Designer
Whil

Design Intern
NoWait

Co-Founder & Designer
BetaMatch

Graduate Assistant
Syracuse University

Co-Founder & CEO
YouShouldDate.Me

Carnegie Mellon University

| ted the design vision and helped to set product direction and
manage two designers. | designed new features and overhauled the
visual design for product and marketing. | created the hiring criteria
and interview process for the design team and hired two designers.
| also advised on HR and hiring processes company-wide.

| worked on a contract project with the Summits team to redesign
their website. The project involved working with stakeholders
across EdSurge to conduct needfinding, creating a new information
architecture schema and content strategy, and designing sketches,
flow diagrams, wireframes, and mockups.

| was the only product designer at Whil. | designed the home page,
dashboard, favorites page, pricing page, onboarding experience,
training reminders experience, and the leadership course
experience. | also collaborated with other designers on the design
of the office space, and was a member of the Culture Team

| designed the user flows and visual styles for new features. |
designed presentations and print materials for the marketing and
sales teams. | also created the style guides for NoWait’s guest iOS
and Android apps.

| designed all of the branding, user experience, and visual
designs. | collaborated with engineers to code the front-end. | also
conducted market research and user feedback sessions

| was the graduate assistant for the Information Technology,
Design, and Startups department at the School of Information
Studies, | was a teaching assistant for the classes “What's the Big
kdea?” and “Idea2Startup- | also ran independent sessions during
which | helped students refine their product/business ideas.

| created the product concept and recruited co-founders. I
designed all of the branding, marketing. user experience, and
visual designs. | coded the front-end for our landing page and
application. | also raised a seed round from an angel investor

Master's in Educational Technology and Applied Learning Science

Syracuse University

Master's of Science in Information Management

Bachelor of Arts in Policy Studies

Adobe XD Invision

Photoshop HTML

Sketch After Effects illustrator Css

Figma Principle
Atomic Framer

nDesign Javascript