Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Website, Portfolio, Profiles

¢ https://bio.site/almostreadyally
¢ https://designsbylona.com/
¢ https://www.facebook.com/aley.Claire

Professional Summary

Deadline-driven Student Graphic Designer focused on overseeing projects from concept through final delivery. Successfully creates
brand messages, strategies and key graphic productions. Resourceful and hardworking with vendor sourcing expertise and
empowering leadership skills illustrated over 2 years of industry success.

Accomplishments

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

e Collaborated with team of 10 in the development of Scriberr Media Websites banners, and social posts.
¢ Documented and resolved technical and usual which led to desired results.

¢ Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

Skills
¢ Logo design * Good telephone etiquette
¢ Production layouts e Content Generation
e Image manipulation e« Campaign Implementation
* Illustration e Market Research
¢ Visual design e Adobe Photoshop
¢ Digital imagery e Social Media
e 2D and 3D modeling e Content Management
¢ Digital design ¢ Social Media Technologies
e PC and Mac platforms e Digital Marketing
e Branding strategies ¢ Social Media Platforms
¢ Website graphics ¢ Social Media Campaign
¢ Photography composition ¢ Prospecting Clients
e Adobe Creative Suite ¢ Social Media Marketing
e Project Management * Social Media Strategy
¢ Social Media background e Online Marketing
¢ Graphic design background e Marketing Strategy Development
e Advertising understanding ¢ Content Curation
e Sales expertise * Social Media Integration
¢ Graphic design * Social Media Tools

e Mastery of Adobe Creative Suite

Work History

Graphic Designer Intern, 06/2021 to 08/2021
Landor — Milan, TN
¢ Completed in-depth product design tests with help of different software, models and design systems.
¢ Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project milestones.
e Designed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks.
¢ Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.
e Coordinated, created and scheduled content, designs and periodic updates to company website.
¢ Developed creative design for print materials, brochures, banners and signs.
¢ Developed display, marketing and packaging materials to support product branding strategies.
e Employed design fundamentals when selecting typography, composition, layout and color in design work.
e Created digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing methods.
¢ Capitalized on talents in field to support promotions with scriberr media designs
¢ Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
¢ Designed creative digital displays used in on-line advertising for local businesses.
¢ Created broad range of work using various design techniques.
e Worked with adobe and maya design systems to develop and present prototypes for focus group evaluation.
e Applied knowledge of production to create high-quality images.
e Created news media videos for use in prototype testing and manufacturing optimization.
e Put together videos for social media, advertising and informational purposes.
¢ Created and updated trend boards, investigated changing conditions and recommended strategic adoptions to capitalize on
projected changes.
e Created designs and collaborated with technical team to complete projects.
e Researched trends and projected changes in design and social media to capitalize on emerging opportunities.
¢ Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads.
e Applied creative expertise to present marketing concepts.

Hope Blooms Flower Farm, 08/2020 to 08/2021
Dairy Queen — Janesville, WI
e Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads.
e Applied knowledge of production to create high-quality images.
¢ Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project milestones.
¢ Completed in-depth product design tests with help of different software, models and design systems.
¢ Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
¢ Used adobe software to create images and layouts.
e Developed print materials such as brochures, banners and signs.
e Contributed design ideas in early planning stages with customers and project managers.
¢ Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.
¢ Created broad range of work using various design techniques.
¢ Capitalized on talents in field to support promotions with logo designs.
¢ Developed creative design for print materials, brochures, banners and signs.
e Applied creative expertise to present marketing concepts.
¢ Designed creative digital displays used in on-line advertising for local businesses.
e Researched trends and projected changes in [Industry] to capitalize on emerging opportunities.
e Created and updated trend boards, investigated changing conditions and recommended strategic adoptions to capitalize on
projected changes.
¢ Created designs and collaborated with technical team to complete projects.

Cashier, 05/2019 to 08/2021
Walmart — City, STATE
e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.
¢ Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.
¢ Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.
¢ Monitored self-checkout systems and provided assistance or intervention where required.
e Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with excellent accuracy levels.
¢ Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.
¢ Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.
¢ Maintained secure cash drawers, promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals.
¢ Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.
¢ Completed inventory counts and ordered merchandise.
¢ Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.
e Collected and authorized payments of guests.
e Checked identification for proof-of-age for alcohol and tobacco sales.
e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.
¢ Demonstrated product features, answered questions, and redirected objections to highlight positive aspects.
¢ Used POS system to enter orders, process payments and issue receipts.
¢ Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.
¢ Lifted up to 50-100 pounds at once and used forklift to move heavier loads.
¢ Maintained current knowledge of store promotions and highlighted sales to customers.

¢ Operated cash register to record transactions accurately and efficiently.

Education

High School Diploma
ACGC
¢ Member of Student council
¢ Member of National Honor Society
e Academic Honors all high school career

Associate of Arts: General Studies, 05/2018
Ridgewater College - Willmar, MN
¢ Member of National Honor Society
¢ Member of Student Council
¢ Relevant Coursework Completed: Intro to photography, intro to adobe photoshop, intro to illustrator
e Awarded Academic Dean list 2016-2017

Bachelor of Science: Graphic Design
Dakota State University - Madison, SD
¢ Elected to president of photography club in 2021
e Elected to president for CEO Club in 2021
e Elected to Marketing Officer for CEO club in 2021
e Elected to Vice and Marketing officer for Tennis club in 2021
¢ Elected to Team Captain for intramural volleyball in 2021
¢ Elected to Homecoming Queen for Dakota State Homecoming in 2021
e Elected to President Marketing officer for Phi Beta Lam in 2021
e Elected Captain of Intramural volleyball team
¢ Dean's List fall semester 2018
¢ Dean's List spring semester 2019
¢ Dean's List fall semester 2019
¢ Dean's List spring 2020
¢ Dean's List fall 2020
e Dean's List spring 2021
¢ Member of Phi Beta Lamb
¢ Member of Intramural Volleyball Club
¢ Member of Tennis Club
¢ Member of Crusades for Christ
* Member of CEO club
¢ Member of Photo club

Affiliations
Paid Partnerships for social media

Brands I work with
e Express
¢ Bohme
e Dime Beauty
e Leela and Lavender
¢ Like To Know It
¢ Oral Essentials
¢ Kendall Jenner Moon Oral Care Line
¢ Monica Vinader Jewelry
« Smart Sweets
« Strands
e Prose
¢ Tidal Hair
e Liam and Company
e Altard State
¢ Formulate
« Senita
* Inkkas
¢ Warmies Intelex
e Flock Foods
e Beachwaver
e Sand and Sky
* Coco and Eve
e Pura Vida

Certifications

¢ 3D Modeling Training - August 2020-December 2020
¢ modeling, LinkedIn Learning - 2020-2020

Additional Information

Please Email before calling so I Know it is not a spam call :) Thank you!