JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Whimsical Designer with talents in clothing and sewing. Works closely with clients to create original visions, conceive designs and
consistently meet deadlines. Works well independently or as part of dynamic design team. Hardworking employee with customer service,
multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience. Organized and
motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to
expand skills while facilitating company growth. Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic,
adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.

SKILLS
¢ Computer Literate © Daily Charting
e Analytical Skills e Mobility Assistance
*« Compassionate Client Care e Patient Health Assessments
¢ Client Documentation ¢ Bed Making and Changing
« Care Plan Management e Dietary Requirements and Nutrition
« Client Safety and First Aid e Ambulation Assistance
« Grocery Shopping and Storage e Home Cleaning and Sanitizing
e Prescribed Exercises ¢ Documentation and Reporting
e First Aid and CPR e Patient Progress Documentation
¢ Meal Planning and Preparation e Community Activities
e Patient and Compassionate e First Aid/CPR
¢ Observation Communication ¢ Medication Administration

¢ Bathing Support
EXPERIENCE

02/2012 to Current Cloth Designer/Seamstress
99 Restaurants — Dover, NH
e Partnered across teams to improve accessibility and translatability of design content.
© Created product designs in alignment with specifications.
e Designed solutions to improve systems and overcome technical constraints.
e Liaised with subject matter experts to capture accuracy and intent of design.
« Suggested and implemented strategies and tactics to promote designs on social media.
e Researched development methods to facilitate design implementation.

01/2020 to 12/2022 Housekeeping Attendant/Floor Technician
Sunrise Senior Living — Westlake Village, CA
© Coached new housekeeping personnel by demonstrating approved cleaning procedures.
e Reported guest issues, safety and maintenance concerns immediately to supervisor.
e Maintained lobbies, guest rooms and halls, keeping safe environment for patrons.
e Washed and polished glass windows and doors to keep entryways clear and professional.
e Followed manufacturer instructions for using chemicals and equipment to avoid burns, injuries and workplace
accidents.
e Cleaned and dusted cobwebs on light fixtures, baseboards and window sills.
e Inspected each room for cleanliness, utilizing checklist to meet company standards.
e Polished and sanitized floors, counters, bathtubs and window sills.
¢ Removed soiled linens and articles from rooms and delivered to laundry area.
e Furnished guests with clean linens and supplied rooms with toiletries.
e Employed deep-cleaning techniques for areas in need of additional sanitation.
Moved beds, sofas and small furniture to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from hard-to-reach areas.
e Removed trash from rooms and replaced liners to wastebaskets.
¢ Interacted pleasantly with clients and guests when performing daily duties.
¢ Mapped out daily cleaning work assignments by assessing vacant room roster.

07/2015 to 03/2019 Host Home Provider
Special Kids Special Families — City, STATE
e Helped clients communicate with loved ones by typing written messages and relaying verbal messages.
e Monitored health and well-being of clients and reported significant health changes.
« Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
e Contacted medical providers on behalf of clients to follow up on appointments.
¢ Drove clients to doctors’ appointments and social outings.
¢ Recorded client status progress and challenges in logbooks and reports.
e Planned and prepared healthy meals and snacks for clients and provided assistance with eating when necessary.
e Built strong and trusting rapport with clients and loved ones.
¢ Organized oral medications for clients following dosage and schedule requirements.
¢ Maintained detailed records of services performed on clients.
e Consulted with client care team to continually update care plans.
© Contributed to case reviews of client status and progress.
© Monitored clients’ activity levels and helped prevent sedentary behavior.
e Partnered with registered nurses and physiotherapists to provide care to patients.
e Obtained sources of entertainment for clients to provide full and enjoyable daily activities.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.
¢ Maintained cleanliness of clients' environment by cleaning surfaces and washing clothes or dishes.
e Assisted clients with maintaining good personal hygiene.
¢ Helped clients get in and out of beds and wheelchairs.
¢ Helped clients adjust to new lifestyles during periods of incapacitation or recuperation.
¢ Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.
e Collected and recorded patients’ blood pressure, pulse and respirations (TPRs) to evaluate and note basic health
status.

02/2007 to 10/2009 HHA
Privet Care — City, STATE
¢ Monitored client behaviors and emotional states, reporting concerns to case manager and documenting information
in files.
¢ Checked patients' pulse, temperature and respiration.
e Assisted clients with proper exercises and rehabilitation.
¢ Prepared high-quality nutritious meals for patients to promote better overall health and improve eating habits.
e Managed patient transportation and appointment scheduling.
* Documented care provided and submitted notes to supervisor.
e Maintained updated records and safeguarded patient privacy in accordance with HIPAA.
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
¢ Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients to facilitate smooth, quality care.
¢ Provided patients and families with emotional support and instruction.
¢ Cared for disabled children or children with sick or disabled parents.
e Helped client with medication self-administration.
e Administered prescribed medications under direction from physician.
e Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
« Accompanied clients to doctors’ offices and on other trips outside home, providing transportation, assistance and
companionship.
¢ Documented patient status and reported changes in care needs.
e Transported individuals to medical appointments and assisted with errands.
e Recognized emergency situations and implemented appropriate procedures.
© Cared for patients by washing and ironing laundry, cleaning or assisting with personal care.
e Maintained records of patient care, progress or problems to report and discuss observations.
e Accompanied clients to doctors’ offices or on other trips outside home.
e Directed patients in prescribed exercises or in use of braces or artificial limbs.
e Planned, prepared or served meals to patients according to prescribed diets.
¢ Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.
e Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.
e Assisted clients with bathing, dressing and incontinence care.
e Cared for patients by assisting with personal hygiene tasks and completing basic household chores.
¢ Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
¢ Followed HIPAA regulations to maintain confidentiality of sensitive patient information.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.
e Planned optimal meals based on established nutritional plans.
¢ Provided entertainment and companionship through conversation, reading and board games.
© Delivered high level of assistance with cooking, meal preparation and shopping.
¢ Helped patients move in and out of beds, wheelchairs or automobiles and with dressing and grooming.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
e Tracked and reported clients’ progress based on observations and conversations.
e Directed patients in simple prescribed exercises and assisted with daily physical therapy routines.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2002 Associate of Arts: sewing
Designer School/sewing - Ghana

08/1999 Associate of Science: Food And Nutrition
Osu Presbyterian Secondary School - Accra-Ghana