JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Hello, my Name is Jessica Claire and I'm an entry-level Graphic Designer, Social Media Content Creator, and Photographer. I plan to extend my
experiences to the end, reaching the goal to create Digital Media content for big social media influencers and companies. In my off time, I use
my time to learn new trends of the year when it comes to marketing and design. I also take this time to practice within Adobe Suite programs to
build upon my portfolio. Currently, I am at Lord Fairfax Community College to obtain an Associate's in Liberal Arts to transfer to a BFA in
Graphic Design and Animation. I am excited about the future and how I can use my future experiences to build my portfolio.

SKILLS
e Team management e Production standards
e Individual training programs e Adobe AfterEffects
e Skill development e Advertising familiarity
e Recreation program leadership ¢ Project management abilities
e HTML and CSS mastery e Digital graphics
¢ Detailed instruction e Logo creation
e Public speaking e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver)
¢ Learning skills development © Website design
« Student engagement e Adobe Creative Suite
¢ Troubleshooting e Adobe Premiere
© Training & Development e Account management
e Microsoft Office e Trend Research
e Graphic and Media Design e Project management
* Microsoft Office expertise e Photography background
EXPERIENCE

Graphic Designer, 11/2020 - Current
Harpercollins Publishers — Monmouth Junction, NJ
e Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
* Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
¢ Created beautiful, interactive print-ready graphics for licensed products to sell in retail stores and outlets.
¢ Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and other promotional
materials.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from conceptualization to final delivery.
e Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
e Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
* Conducted trend research to anticipate upcoming electronics trajectories and requirements.
e Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
¢ Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

Food Handler, 05/2019 - 12/2020
Cargill — Broadway, VA
¢ Opened kitchen each shift by preparing ingredients, equipment and workstations to meet day's needs.
e Cleaned utensils, dishes and glasses for customer use.
¢ Kept food at proper temperatures for consumer safety and documented numbers every 2 hours.
* Proposed updates to work processes and menus to boost productivity and eliminate food waste.
e Checked and recorded temperatures of refrigerator and freezer daily to verify proper working conditions.
* Organized ingredients and restocked supplies to prepare for busy periods.
* Cross-trained in other kitchen positions to support team and meet customer needs.
¢ Satisfied customers by quickly and accurately handling and preparing orders.
e Maintained organized, clean and sanitized work areas to meet company and regulatory requirements.
e Maintained clean and sanitized work area in accordance with food safety guidelines, avoiding cross-contamination of raw and prepared
food products.
e Re-stocked, organized and arranged service and food stations.
¢ Employed knowledge of cutlery and culinary tools to prepare foods.
¢ Resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening, finding common ground and building relationships.
e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.

Instructor, 05/2016 - 12/2018
Allina Health Systems — Faribault, MN
e Evaluated students to uncover learning deficiencies and devise improvement plans.
e Established objectives for lessons, modules and projects.
e Lectured full classrooms of Tae Kwon Do students on Fighting and Defense subjects.
« Built positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues and administrators.
© Delivered training program courses to meet validated agency requirements.
¢ Helped students meet diverse professional development goals.
© Observed and evaluated student performance and development and provided appropriate feedback on work.
e Tutored students requiring additional instructional assistance after class.

Photographer, 07/2016 - 03/2018
Seaworld Parks — Williamsburg, VA
¢ Photographed special events. including parties and Church portraits.
* Cropped, manipulated and performed color-balance for final images.
e Selected and set up motion picture or television cameras and accessories.
e Used out-of-the-box thinking to obtain perfect shot.
e Improvised photographic methods and techniques.
e Adjusted apertures, shutter speeds and camera focus according to combinations of factors, including lighting, depth of field, subject motion
and exposure speed.

* Collaborated successfully with variety of personalities and work styles.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Advanced High School Diploma: Fine Arts, 05/2019

Fauquier High School - Warrenton, VA

Associate of Arts: Fine Arts, 08/2021
Lord Fairfax Community College - Middletown, VA

WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES

© https://www.Claireportfolio.com/