LINKS

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com
e JessicaALLAIN.COM

| am a Creative Graphic Artist and Designer with talent for developing unique custom artwork. | have an
innovative approach to idea and concept development. OffJessicag 8 years of expertise overseeing individual
projects and brand development collections. | am also a performance-driven Marketing Manager skilled in
creating marketing plans and leading successful product launches, promotions and development. | am well-
versed in SEO content creation, social media audience engagement and brand management. My education
and experience from owning my own business helped me become a proficient Graphic Designer
knowledgeable about logos, marketing materials and website design. I've demonstrated success at providing
complete business services to corporate clients.

Along with my creative strengths | am an accomplished Assistant Store Manager at a well known upscale
clothing company, skilled at building atmosphere of collaboration and performance excellence to provide
every customer with exceptional experiences and promote brand loyalty. At Homage | effectively oversee and
align processes with dynamic conditions while increasing efficiency and maximizing profits. | strive to be
determined and passionate with excellent capabilities in building strong and successful teams and creating
positive working environment.

e Recognized in The New York Times for The Royal Wedding, Megan Markle 's wedding dress design
article.

e Recognized by USA Today for Portrait of Queen of The South TV series -

« Created artwork for an article featured in “Cincinnati Magazine,” about local businesses.

« Won Scholastic Art Award for "Fat America" Oil Painting -

« Designed the Store Front and interior of an upscale boutique in Over the Rhine, Cincinnati, OH.

e Key decision making ¢ Digital marketing

e Team Leadership e Analytics and SEO

e Website Graphics ¢ Project Management Abilities

e Production Layouts e Photography Composition

e Image Manipulation ¢ Digital Graphics

e Corporate Branding ¢ Branding Strategies

e Adobe Creative Suite « Digital design

e Illustration e Visual design

e Logo design * Time management

e Innovation e Scheduling

e Staff Management e Product promotions

e Communications management ¢ Media relations

e Branding e SEO and analytics

e Sales expertise e Advertising understanding

e Campaign development e Marketing and advertising

e Project Management e Graphic design
MARKETING DIRECTOR, GRAPHIC DESIGNER 11/2019 to CURRENT

Cole Haan | Williamsburg, VA

e Coordinated innovative strategies to accomplish objectives and boost long-term profitability.

e Deployed well-coordinated campaigns, events and public relations strategies to facilitate smooth and
successful.

e Ofrchestrated and implemented re-branding of company website & social media department to improve
sales and maximize effectiveness.

e Coordinated with creative team to generate dynamic marketing content and communication tools for
promotional campaigns.

e Assessed and strengthened client digital presence, including rewriting website copy, authoring blog
posts and updating social media platforms.

e Maintained in-depth understanding of company products and customer buying preferences.

e Promoted brand identity by creating company logos and delivJessicag attractive, user-friendly and
unique website.

e Developed site navigation by categorizing content and funneling traffic through content.

e Chose domain names, completed registrations and maintained website and web hosting account.

e Coordinated, created and scheduled content, designs and periodic updates to company website.

e Developed collateral such as display, marketing and packaging materials to support product branding
strategies.

ASOISTANT STORE MANAGER 04/2018 to CURRENT
Tommy Bahama | Pasadena, TX

e Promoted professional growth and facilitated talent development of each associate to drive
performance excellence.

e Managed opening and closing procedures and recommended changes to enhance efficiency of daily
activities.

e Rotated merchandise and displays to feature new products and promotions.

e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and
forecast needs.

e Assisted team members with delivJessicag friendly, knowledgeable service by applying proactive
monitoring and corrective action strategies.

e Reviewed performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels.

e Helped with planning schedules and delegating assignments to meet coverage and service demands.

e Performed investigations on market flows to identify seasonal trends and forecast consumer needs.

e Generated repeat business through exceptional customer service and responded to customer concerns
with friendly and knowledgeable service.

e Developed and managed employee schedules, balancing individual requests and requirements with
business needs.

e Served as floating manager-on-duty, MOD, to cover shift shortage.

e Assisted Manager in interview process of prospective employees and provided feedback.

STOCK COORDINATOR 01/2016 to 05/2016
Wheels Up | Philadelphia, PA

e Created balanced pallets to support efficient and safe sales floor replenishment.

e Maintained well-organized restocking areas to avoid blocking aisles or creating safety hazards.

e Alternated goods in inventory by observing first-in/first-out approach to keep shelves organized and
properly stocked.

e Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to
uncover and address inaccuracies.

e Checked packages and merchandise for damage and quickly notified vendors to request replacements.

e Unloaded arriving product stock and moved to store display areas.

e Placed products in correct storage locations to keep stock areas organized and inventory counts
accurate.

EXOCUTIVE ASSISTANT 01/2013 to 12/2013
Society Of St. Vincent DePaul | City, STATE

« Organized envelopes. postage and mail correspondence for staff and management, maintaining
postage meter and coordinating with delivery and courier services.

« Promoted team productivity by keeping supplies organized and well-stocked.

« Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority
contacts.

e« Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business
processes.

« Allocated executive tasks and managed complex calendars and administrative functions.

e« Managed office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders to maintain adequate
stock levels.

« Handled logistics, catJessicag, agendas and travel arrangements for meeting and event planning for
board of directors, president and executive vice president.

High School Diploma 05/2012
Princeton High School, Cincinnati, OH

Nc Degree | Applied Graphic Communication
University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH