JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Positive, upbeat customer service representative brings more than 5+ years of customer-facing experience in fast-paced settings. Highly
adaptable to addressing diverse customer needs. Proven history of building trust with customers to promote satisfaction, resolve concems and
maintain long-term loyalty. Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.

SKILLS
¢ cashier e Multitasking
e Inbound and Outbound Calling © Working collaboratively
« Store maintenance e People person
¢ Office equipment proficiency ¢ Microsoft Word
e Adaptive team player © Stocking and restocking
¢ High-energy attitude e Business ethics
e Effective customer communication © Safety-conscious
« Customer support and assistance ¢ Computer skills
e Team building ¢ Clerical
¢ Decision-making e Organizational skills
¢ Work ethic e MS Office
e Active listening e Time management
« Planning e In-store support
¢ Critical thinking © Retail sales customer service
¢ Leadership e hard worker
e Friendly, positive attitude e Processing payments
e First Aid/CPR
EXPERIENCE

05/2017 to 01/2020 Customer Service Representative
Overhead Door Corporation — Portland, OR
e Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing
solutions.
e Escalated customer concerns, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.
e¢ Remained constantly aware of customer activity to ensure safe and secure shopping environment.
e Assessed customer needs and upsold products and services to maximize sales.
e Answered the stores phone+ inbound calls per day and directed to individuals or departments.
* cashier
¢ Money transactions.
e Trained new employees on procedures and policies to maximize team performance.
e Exceeded company productivity standards on consistent basis.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2000 High School Diploma
Woodward High School - Toledo, OH