SUMMARY

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

HONORS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Nationally recognized learning leader and consultant offering eight years’ experience in eLearning and
curriculum development. Advanced experience working with varied content and delivery strategies. Proven
ability to exceed targeted learning and organizational outcomes. Excellent communication and interpersonal
skills. Highly creative, collaborative and self-directed. Passionate about learning innovation.

SENIOR LEARNING DESIGNER 06/2020 to CURRENT
Cerner | Virtual California

« Coached faculty members at multiple universities in the UK through adoption of the Aula learning
experience platform (LXP) and re-design of instructional materials to improve student outcomes.

e Apply needs assessment to better align instructional strategy with instructor goals, student level, and
disciplinary specific outcomes.

e Determine appropriate scaffolding and optimal use of solo, group, synchronous and asynchronous
learning time to enhance academic challenge (time-on-task) and improve meaningful connection
(collaborative community).

e Ensure extremely tight individual, group and project deadlines are met on time and budget through
effective management of re-design and adoption processes.

e Contribute to Aula product development through weekly design and project evaluation activities.

e Consultant to re-design of faculty collaboration and change management model.

e Team innovations positioned Aula for entry into the American market within one year.

SEQIOR CONSULTANT, INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER 02/2014 to 05/2020
UC Berkeley, CTL

e Conducted multi-year needs analyses to address performance gaps with a range of training, culture,
engagement, process and structural interventions for UC Berkeley's largest job families (20% of total
workforce).

e Saved more than $100k annually in manager and stand-up training time by using blended (time
efficient) learning solutions.

e Coordinated the activities of 25+ subject matter experts including faculty and Campus Counsel in the
design, development and delivery of new blended learning and engagement programs serving over
1,000 employees.

e Developed learning objectives, course content, instructional methodology and delivery strategy for over
30 original courses consistent with subject matter, audience needs and envisioned future state
objectives.

e Mitigated significant legal risk to campus in critical areas such as Title IX compliance by designing the
first campus-wide eLearning/Onboarding program to better address knowledge gaps at entry.

e Achieved the highest participation rates for any non-required staff engagement program in UC
Berkeley's history (3 of 4 employees in target audience participated in 12 months).

e Exceeded targeted Kirkpatrick level three and four outcomes. Achieved Net Promoter Scores of 8+.

e Improved client satisfaction by 18% as measured by Undergraduate Experience Survey results
(UCUES).

RESEARCH ANALY ST, INTERNAL CONSULTANT 02/2005 to 02/2014
UC Berkeley, OPA

e In support of campus-wide strategic planning, provided complex qualitative and quantitative trend
analysis to identify campus-wide issues related to infrastructure needs, resource distribution, cross
disciplinary collaboration, faculty and student demographic shifts, curriculum trends, equity initiatives,
and quality of student experience.

e Produced executive reports used during the formal review of academic programs for 65 of Berkeley's
academic programs and 11 Schools and Colleges.

e Contributed to significant improvements in undergraduate education through research in support of the
Common Good Curriculum, the Undergraduate Student Learning Initiative, and re-design of campus-
wide survey tools. Supported campus-wide WASC accreditation review and reporting.

Master of Arts | Organizational Leadership, Change Management 05/2020
Gonzaga University, Spokane, WA

Bzohelor of Arts | Sociology
California State University - East Bay

e Aula Certified Learning Designer
Association for Talent Development

e Master High Performance Consultant, 2018

e Master Instructional Designer, 2017

University of California, Berkeley Awards

¢« Mary Slakey Howell Award for leading campus-wide culture change, 2019

¢ Spot Award for excellence in instructional design, 2018

« Chancellor's Outstanding Staff Award, 2017

e« Achievement Award and Spot Award for analytical excellence, 2006, 2015
Regional and National Awards, National Academic Advising Association

« Two-time “Best of Region” Conference Presentations. 2013 & 2016

e« Outstanding Institutional Advising Program, 2016