Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track

record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

Skills
¢ Website Design ¢ Cash Handling
¢ Corporate Branding e Store Opening and Closing
¢ Production Standards e Order Processing
e Graphic and Media Design * Sales Goals Attainment
¢ Logo Creation e Inventory Control Procedures
¢ Digital Graphics e Stockroom Upkeep
e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver) © Merchandising Knowledge
¢ Problem-Solving e Cash Handling Accuracy
¢ Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Policy and Procedure Adherence
¢ Work Planning and Prioritization ¢ Retail Loss Prevention
e Project Management Abilities e Customer Needs Assessment
¢ Work Ethic ¢ Upselling Techniques
¢ Problem Resolution e Messaging and Speechwriting
¢ Reliable and Trustworthy ¢ Promotions and Advertising
e Training & Development e Business Decision Advisement
e Team Building * Social Media Management
¢ Organizational Skills e Editing and Proofreading
¢ Relationship Building ¢ Business Trend Identification
¢ Basic Math ¢ Google Analytics
e Customer Service ¢ Web Content Creation
¢ Working Collaboratively e Materials Development
¢ Friendly, Positive Attitude e Advertising Agency Collaboration

¢ Relationship Selling

Experience

Graphic Designer, 02/2022 to Current
Adcetera — Houston, TX
e Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and other
promotional materials.
¢ Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.
¢ Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
¢ Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
¢ Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
e Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
e Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
¢ Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.
¢ Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
¢ Designed interactive graphics for licensed products on compatible consumer platforms.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.
e Formatted print and web application designs for projects with varying specifications.
e Maintained company websites updating with new products and corporate announcements as necessary.
¢ Prepared branding packages for point of sale displays, promotional materials and product packaging.
¢ Created personalized portfolio designs according to rigorous client specifications.
¢ Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
¢ Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.
e Adjusted images sizes and selected fonts for branding projects.
e Used Adobe Indesign, Illustrator, & Photoshop to create images and layouts.
¢ Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.
e Developed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks for projects.

Sales Associate, 03/2021 to Current
Jack Wills — Westport, CT
¢ Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer service.
¢ Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
¢ Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.
¢ Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application or usage.
e Arranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock items.
¢ Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
e Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.
e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products, and services information.
e Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.
¢ Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
e Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.
e Answered customer questions, shared product knowledge and researched pricing and availability.
¢ Kept calm and applied strong problem-solving and interpersonal skills to resolve conflicts.
e Stayed up to date on company products and services to support sales objectives.
e Operated cash register, collected payments, and provided accurate change.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.

¢ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.

Customer Service Representative, 01/2020 to 02/2021
Avis Budget Group —- Omaha, NE
¢ De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.
¢ Operated cash register, collected payments, and provided accurate change.
¢ Packed purchased items in shopping bags appropriately to avoid bag breaks and spills.
¢ Retrieved grocery carts from parking lot and returned to appropriate areas.
e Assisted with organization and cleaning to maintain tidy store appearance.
¢ Greeted customers to build rapport and increase customer satisfaction.

e Answered customer questions regarding products and store services.

Crew Member, 02/2017 to 06/2019
Krystal — South Pittsburg, TN
¢ Wiped down tables and equipment, swept and refilled stock.
¢ Kept restaurant lobby, front counter, drive-thru, kitchen and restrooms neat and clean throughout shift.
¢ Packed fast food products in approved containers, cups and bags.
¢ Prepared quality products while maintaining portion control and presentation within service goal times.
¢ Demonstrated proper food safety practices by accurately completing quality control checklist.
¢ Upheld high standards of productivity and quality in operations.
* Organized and restocked supplies to support operations and team productivity.
¢ Corrected unacceptable work or materials to prevent problems and keep operations on target.
¢ Restocked supplies, removed trash and cleaned areas.
¢ Maintained order of customer and crew member work areas.
¢ Operated fryers and grills, assisted with putting orders together and bagged items for customers.
« Processed customer purchases and returns via cash and credit card.
¢ Used POS system and cash register to receive payments by cash, check, credit card and voucher.
¢ Packed and bagged products according to customer preferences.

Education and Training

High School Diploma: 04/2017
East Paulding High School - Dallas, GA

Languages

English:
Negotiated:

Websites, Portfolios, Profiles

¢ WWW.Dc3graphics.com