Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Detail-oriented, organized and meticulous employee. Works at fast pace to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player ready to
contribute to company success.

Deadline-driven Graphic Designer focused on overseeing projects from concept through final delivery. Successfully creates brand
messages, strategies and key graphic productions. Resourceful and hardworking with vendor sourcing expertise and empowering
leadership skills illustrated over 10 years of industry success.

Skilled Graphic Artist specializing in Signage media. Highly artistic, always on-task and fluent in Sign Wizard, Flexi-Sign, Microsoft
and Adobe. Consistently creates skilled, creative and brand-specific designs.

Experienced Graphic Artist and Designer bringing 10 years’ experience applying technical and creative abilities to diverse customer
projects. Highly effective at collaborating with artistic, project, production and administrative leadership to complete tasks according
to budget and schedule goals.

Reliable employee seeking Assistant position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

Experienced Designer with over 10 years of experience in Signs. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer
satisfaction.

Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level Assistant position. Ready to help
team achieve company goals.

To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management
and problem-solving skills.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on
added responsibilities to meet team goals.

Enthusiastic Assistant eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills.
Clear understanding of assisting and training in Working in an Office . Motivated to learn, grow and excel in assisting.

Accomplishments

e Achieved Result by completing Task with accuracy and efficiency.
e Achieved Result through effectively helping with Task.
e Achieved Result by introducing Software for Type tasks.

Skills
¢ Illustration Preparation e Preparing Shipments
¢ Idea Visualization and Brainstorming * Incoming Shipments Review
¢ Information Research ¢ Producing Content
¢ Research Design e Corrective Actions
e Originality and Creativity ¢ Design Calibrations
e Image Archiving ¢ Raw Material Loading
¢ Computer-Based Drawing e Measuring Tools
¢ Design Mockups e Estimating
¢ Illustration and Design ¢ Efficient Sales Transactions
¢ Company Logos ¢ Upbeat and Positive Personality
e Copy Arrangement ¢ Information Updates
e Type Selection e Calm and Professional Under Pressure
¢ Layout Selection e Responding to Difficult Customers
¢ Production Layouts ¢ Efficient and Detail-Oriented
¢ Logo Creation ¢ POS Systems and Ordering Platforms
¢ Image Manipulation e Customer Records
e Layout Standards e Providing Feedback
e Layout Markup and Assembly e Order and Refund Processing
¢ Technical Design ¢ Conflict Resolution Techniques
¢ Creative Solutions e Overcoming Objections
¢ Graphics and Animation ¢ Billing Procedures
¢ Dependable and Cooperative ¢ Solving Customer Concerns
¢ Sales Expertise e Issue and Complaint Resolution
e Social Media Platforms © Quotes Coordination
e Adobe Systems Adobe Creative Suite ¢ Building Customer Trust and Loyalty
e Feedback Gathering ¢ Data Entry and Maintenance
e Adobe Systems Software e Effective Customer Communication
e Adaptability and Flexibility e Customer Communication
¢ Digital Painting ¢ Courteous with Strong Service Mindset
¢ Mobile Applications ¢ Call Documentation
¢ Creating Collateral e Inbound and Outbound Calling
e Assembly Protocols ¢ Professional Relationships
¢ Materials Assembly e Safe Driving Techniques
¢ Machinery Operation e Cash Transactions Processing
¢ Safety Standards Compliance ¢ Continuous Improvement
¢ Diagnosing Malfunctions e Store Displays
e Machine Setup and Shutdown e Verifying Facts
¢ Knowledge of Production Processes e Phone Inquiries
e Reading and Determining Measurements ¢ Monetary Transactions
¢ Production Documentation ¢ Delivery Schedules
¢ Safe Machine Operation e Customer Service and Assistance
¢ Documentation Abilities e Facility Security
¢ Removing Trash Maintaining Clean Work Areas
e Material Loading and Unloading e Web Site Design

e Assembly Procedures

Work History

Graphic Designer, 03/2012 to Current
Advantage Solutions — Freehold, NJ
¢ Developed creative design for print materials, brochures, banners and signs.
e Created digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing methods.
¢ Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
¢ Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.
¢ Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish scopes and managing project milestones.
e Applied knowledge of production to create high-quality images.
¢ Created designs and collaborated with technical team to complete projects.
e Created broad range of work using various design techniques.
e Designed creative digital displays used in on-line advertising for local businesses.
¢ Completed in-depth product design tests with help of different software, models and design systems.
¢ Employed design fundamentals when selecting typography, composition, layout and color in design work.
e Produce a wide variety of signage from vinyl decals to channel letters and everything in between.

Professional Painter, 10/2010 to 06/2011
Kimpton Hotels — Winston Salem, NC
PainPai
¢ Used putty knives and caulking guns to fill cracks, holes and joints with plaster, putty and caulk.
¢ Used brushes, spray guns and paint rollers to paint surfaces.
e Covered surfaces and furnishings with cloth and plastic to protect from paint drops.
¢ Calculated amounts of required materials and approximate time to complete each project to estimate project costs.
e Applied primers or sealers to prepare new surfaces such as bare wood or metal, for finish coats.
¢ Used sandpaper to scrape walls and other surfaces to remove old paint.
¢ Used sandpaper, scrapers, grinders and steel wool to smooth surfaces.
e Removed fixtures such as pictures, doorknobs, lamps and electric switch covers prior to painting.
e Applied caulk, putty and plaster to walls using correct techniques to achieve professional finishes.
e Conducted final work check to assess quality and make corrections if necessary.
¢ Corrected surface imperfections by filling cracks, holes and joints.
¢ Interacted with clients to report progress and verify timetable for completed work.
¢ Primed and sealed surfaces to best support paint coats.
e Performed regular preventive maintenance on tools and equipment to support best quality of work.
¢ Trained new staff on initial setup routines and continual work monitoring procedures.
¢ Calculated accurate amounts of materials and estimated time for planned jobs.
¢ Applied paint with cloth, brush, sponge and fingers to create special effects.
¢ Achieved optimal adherence by washing, treating and sanding surfaces.
¢ Selected premixed paints or mixed required portions of pigment, oil and thinning and drying substances to prepare paint to
match specified colors.

Assistant Manager, 03/2005 to 12/2008
Five Guys — Beckley, WV
¢ Monitored cash intake and deposit records, increasing accuracy and reducing discrepancies.
¢ Helped with planning schedules and delegating assignments to meet coverage and service demands.
¢ Offered hands-on assistance to customers, assessing needs and maintaining current knowledge of consumer preferences.
¢ Completed regular inventory counts to verify stock levels, address discrepancies and forecast future needs.
¢ Generated repeat business through exceptional customer service and responded to customer concerns with friendly and
knowledgeable service.
¢ Set and enforced policies focused on increasing team productivity and strengthening operational efficiency.
¢ Monitored security and handled incidents calmly.
¢ Verified inventory counts remained within monthly tolerance levels and compiled financial data in compliance with budget.
¢ Mentored sales team in applying effective sales techniques and delivering top-notch customer service.
¢ Established and optimized schedules to keep coverage and service in line with forecasted demands.

¢ Assisted in organizing and overseeing assignments, planning and coordinating in-house and outsourced resources.

Education
Mortgage Broker: Loan Officer, 08/2009
AmerTrain Mortgage Institute - Online

Computer And Information Sciences, 06/2001
Middle Georgia Technical College - Warner Robins, GA

GED: 05/1997
Middle Georgia Technical College - Warner Robins, GA