SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Multi-talented Graphic Designer consistently motivated for success and goal driven. Skilled in Photoshop, Illustrator, Animate, Indesign,
HTML and CSS. I am adaptable and driven with a strong work ethic and ability to thrive in a team-based environment. I have experience with
Adobe Creative Suite, particularly with Photoshop and Illustrator, and I have a vast knowledge of typography.

SKILLS

« Adobe Photoshop

e Written and Social Communication Skills

e Adobe Premiere Pro © Microsoft Word/Excel

« Adobe Lightroom
¢ Adobe Illustrator
e Adobe Indesign
e Adobe Animate

e Adobe Dreamweaver
e Visual design

e Team building

¢ Decision-making

e« Adobe XD * Calm under pressure
e Figma e Flexible creative approach
« HTML/CSS Coding e Excellent workflow management

Jos EXPERIENCE

03/2022 to Current

10/2008 to 04/2009

08/2005 to 08/2008

Founder/Lead Graphic Designer
County Of Humboldt — Eureka, CA
Graphic Design Experience:

¢ Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Adobe XD, Figma and Illustrator.

e I gained knowledge and experience over the years with these adobe platforms. Some were self taught and some

were from my education. I am very proficient with these platforms and can generate a variety fo designs of

brochures, flyers, posters, logos, and promotional material.

Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.

e I have an extensive experience generating digital files and converting them for digital printing. I understand CMYK
and RGB and that CMYK 1s used for printing and RGB is for the screens.

* Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.

e My best assets is to compliment colors to help designs create there own unique image and design. I understand the
importance of color and when and where to use certain ones.

¢ Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.

e I created many advertisement projects for various clients. These include flyers and brochures. I worked in great
communication with these clients to make sure the end result was what they envisioned.

¢ Determined marketing and design vision with clients for all types of graphic design projects.

I worked with a variety of clients to design a vision for them or if they already had a vision to help them make it

real. I worked in all types of graphic design projects from logos to flyer to business cards and so on. I really love

working with a lot of clients because every project that I have worked on so far is not the same and that's what I
love about graphic design and digital art.
¢ Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
I worked with clients to focus on making their design a reality. I would continually keep in contact with the clients
to make sure that there project was done correctly in the way they wanted. I also asked them of the deadlines and
timeframe they wanted a project to be done.

¢ Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow
customer base.

I developed marketing strategies with clients to help promote there business. I worked one on one with clients to

help them reach their goals so that they can help their business generated revenue and to grow there customer base.

¢ Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and
signs.

e I have experience designing brochures, flyers and logos for companies. My creative strategy was always based off
what the client wanted. The client always comes first. My creative process would be to draw up a mock-up of the
design they wanted and work from there to later improve the one design they were content with.

e Fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication, negotiation and collaboration.

¢ I communicated verbally and over email with many clients to help the design process move forward. I always
asked many question in regards to there business, and goals that they wanted to achieve. Together we came up with
ideas, and the collaboration exceeded the goals of what the clients work looking for.

« Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.

¢ Iconsulted with many clients to meet their design requirements. I wanted to understand in depth of what they
actually wanted from a project and how I could implement those ideas into reality. I managed development projects
because I kept the clients informed of the process. I handled everything from the startup to the end result. Each step
of the way the client was well informed of any changes or ideas that came up.

e Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.

¢ Based on the companies values and message I designed logos and letterheads to match there brand and identity.
The logos and letterheads would be cohesive to tie in the brands message. values and identity.

¢ Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.

I always tried to come up with new visual elements or concepts to better enhance a clients business. I create visual
designs to help the client or company stand out and or update logos or brands to better there business.

I have the ability to learn and retain knowledge of a high volume of products and materials

e I learn fast and obtain information quickly. I can come up with ideas within minutes of meeting and talking with a
client to adhere to there high volume of products and materials. I try to create my projects as fast yet as precise as I
can for the client.

e [have a an exceptional quality for detail and quality control.

e I'm very OCD with the each project I create I want to give the customer not only the best experience but the best
quality of work. I cannot work on a project and it just be ok it has to be near perfect as possible in order to help
promote clients.

* Tam able to maintain production of a high volume of images under very tight deadlines

I work fast, and usually depending on the project I can have it done within a few days of the project being

introduced. My clients that I have worked with were extremely pleased with the quality and how quick I would get

the projects completed.

I have the ability to work independently and in a collaborative environment

e IT enjoy working solo, but I also find it fun working with colleagues. We can put our own person input on projects
and kind of makes it into one idea. And I find that very exciting. One example would be that I worked with a
colleague of mine on a brochure and we screen shared on one another computer. We started both design two
different brochures but while collaborating we blended both the designs together to make it on great brochure.

I have knowledge of photo rendering

e Ihave full and complete knowledge of photo rendering. I have 4 years experience taking photos and editing them
on lightroom and photoshop while also using the camera raw feature. I actually began with photography and
rendering and later moved on to studying and becoming a graphic designer.

¢ Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

e I have plenty and a variety of experience planning projects with customers. I enjoy meeting new clients and gaining
a relationship not only for me but for the company that I work for, this is very important to keep clients coming
back. I would either verbally explain ideas that I had in mind or sending them a thumbnail to help them visualize a
design idea.

Student Penn Foster College (Associates in Graphic Design)- 2019-2021

e Balanced school, extracurricular activities and work along with healthy social connections and personal health.

¢ Participated in student clubs, extracurricular activities and sports with teamwork and dedication to sportsmanship
and collaboration.

© Coordinated various events and activities to support operations of student organizations.

© Developed and implemented study protocols to gather required data and support research objectives.

Phoenix Contact Machine Operator- 2016-2019

e Detected work-piece defects and machine malfunctions, maintaining apparatus to prevent future issues.

e Read and understood blueprints, product specifications and tooling instructions to plan correct operational
sequences and prevent materials waste.

e Selected proper cutting tools, calculating parameters to manufacture components and parts.

e Established and adjusted feed rates and cutting parameters to keep operations in line with production demands.

e Set up machines for various jobs to maintain compliance with manufacturing thresholds and waste reduction
initiatives.

¢ Identified and helped resolve nonconforming product issues to support accurate order fulfillment.

e Maintained work environments safe and efficient at all times.

GES Automation Panel Builder- 2014-2016

e Connected and set up control panels and alarm components.

e Established automatic communication pathways between devices and control panels.

e Inserted and positioned materials and clamped, spliced and fitted parts using hand and power tools.

e Assessed work for errors or compliance issues and made corrections and modifications.

e Assembled machinery from component parts, following prescribed instructions to support correct configurations.
e Retrieved correct materials from product inventory to perform various fabrication duties.

e Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.

e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Secco Inc. Electric- 2009-2014

¢ Identified causes of issues through implementation of troubleshooting techniques.

e Inspected existing wiring to identify problems such as short circuits.

« Demonstrated strong foundation of safety knowledge and implemented industry best practices.

© Completed semi-skilled and skilled work under supervision of fully qualified supervisors.

e Verified measurements and made accurate cuts to avoid wasting materials on job sites.

e Built controllers and panels to complete system installations.

¢ Followed all relevant electrical and building codes for each job.

¢ Communicated effectively with public utility companies to develop expertise in collaboration, systems cabling,
circuitry and projects.

¢ Promoted workplace safety and reported any potential hazards quickly to.

© Utilized knowledge and equipment to test wiring and other system parts for electrical flow and function.

e Maintained organization, cleanliness and safety in work areas.

e Assisted with electrical installation tasks, including new wiring and breaker box installation.

e Gathered required tools and equipment for each task to increase efficiency.

e Set up equipment and configured settings for optimal performance.

e Performed installation, maintenance and tests of electrical energy systems and components by safely using all
equipment and tools.

e Put in new new electrical components, fixtures and motors.

© Utilized measuring and testing instruments such as ammeters, ohmmeters, voltmeters and testing lamps accurately,
efficiently and safely to complete installations and repairs.

e Measured and prepared supplies for electrical tasks.

e Dug trenches and created holes to pull conduit and install supports.

e Transported required supplies and employees from headquarters to job site using company vehicles.

e Kept work areas clean, neat and organized for efficient operations.

e Repaired and maintained over electrical systems continuously in multiple high-rise commercial and residential
properties.

e Adhered to company standards and OSHA regulations for work site safety.

¢ Worked in team-based environment to accomplish projects.

e Examined and tested electrical systems to locate loose connections or other faults and make proactive repairs.

e Resolved issues with existing systems and replaced malfunctioning parts.

© Collaborated with more knowledgeable professionals to grow understanding of principles and construction
standards.

e Managed repairs and maintenance work on client systems and confirmed system adherence to coding requirements.

e Reviewed blueprints and electrical schematics to perform tasks to specifications.

e Listened to directives of senior electrical professionals to complete efficient tasks.

e Kept work areas clean, neat and free of hazards.

e Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.

e Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.

© Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.

e Determined marketing and design vision with clients for all types of graphic design projects.

¢ Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and
other promotional materials.

e Generated UX concepts such as tasks analysis, storyboards and use cases to accelerate user flow.

¢ Created and improved visual designs to catapult websites forward in terms of looks and usability.

e Created web models or prototypes using physical, interface, logical and data models.

¢ Implemented searchable indices for webpage content.

Veterans Service Representative
Harrisburg Area Community College — City. STATE

e Assisted Veterans with educational Benefits Briefed Veterans on options pertaining to the.
e Reviewed claim folders for completeness and conformity to guidelines prior to submission.
e Interviewed veterans and dependents to determine eligibility for federal and state benefits.
e Assisted veterans in preparing forms, documents and applications for benefits.

Military
U.S. Coast Guard — City, STATE

e Basic training graduate.

e Trained in seamanship and fire fighting protection.

e I acquired basic maintenance skills using power equipment.

e I gained basic electrical and engineering knowledge.

¢ I worked with the logistics in ordering and supplying our crew with equipment and parts.

e Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2005

05/2021

CERTIFICATIONS

H.S. Diploma
Central Dauphin High School - Harrisburg.PA

Associate of Arts: Graphic Design
Penn Foster College - Scranton,PA

e Iam a highly motivated Graphic Designer.

e Honor Roll (Semester 1 and 2, 2020)

e Dean's List Honoree ( Semester 1 and 2 , 2020)

e [3.4] GPA

e Major in ( Graphic Design)

e Completed coursework in Color and the study of color, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Multimedia, HTML/CSS
Coding, Typography, Animate. Dreamweaver, Camera Raw and Portfolio Creation.

e [Delta Epsilon Tau National Honor Society] Member Alpha Epsilon Chapter Penn Foster College

¢ Cum laude graduate

¢ Certificate of Achievement, Penn Foster College - 2020
e UX Design Certificate Google - 2021

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Proficient in 3D printing.