JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Multi-talented Estate/Project Manager experienced in new construction, renovation and management of luxury properties. Passionate about
maintaining a high standard of service through a persistent dedication and daily visual inspection.

Trustworthy and reliable, handling any and all special requests quickly and resourcefully while managing daily tasks in service of estate
principals. Responds to demands during odd hours to maintain a consistent lifestyle. Meets with staff to stay up to date with tasks to
encourage smooth operations. Versatile and effective at being flexible and accommodating to each of the principal's unique needs.
Outstanding collaborator comfortable working with others in executing projects to achieve objectives.

SKILLS
¢ Construction Project Oversight * Personnel Motivation and Guidance
e Disturbance Handling e Multitasking and Prioritization
e Repair Planning e Highly Creative and Adaptive Critical Thinking
¢ Client Relations e Permit and Blueprint Management

e Grounds and Facility Inspection
EXPERIENCE

11/1989 to 07/2014 Furniture Designer/Builder
Vintage Wine Estates — Arroyo Grande, CA
e Collaborated with a diverse group of teams to achieve project goals in a timely and effective manner.
e Designed furniture prototypes using: Corel Draw, Auto Cad, Photoshop, and freehand sketching.
¢ Personally built over 800 custom furniture pieces for clients across the USA.
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
e Prepared detailed estimates, billing, and installation schedules.
e Developed a lasting rapport with suppliers for over 25 years.
© Took detailed project specifications converted them into sketch drawings used to create final products.
e Maintained an impeccably clean workshop and office to ensure a highly productive output.

10/2014 to 12/2020 Estate Manager
Vintage Wine Estates — Calistoga, CA

e Executed oversight of principal's home to guarantee consistency of standards, procedures and practices.

e Supervised onsite contractors to ensure completion of contractual agreement.

« Accompanied the Patriarch on boat outings and assisted with personal projects on the boat as well as the property.

e Organized design, coordination and completion of renovation projects.

e Assisted the matriarch with projects Le., volunteering at children's school, floral arraignments, installation and
cultivation of orchids on the property.

e Vetted contractors onsite to enforce house rules and guidelines.

e Inspected grounds, facilities and equipment to determine repair and maintenance needs.

¢ Managed routine maintenance and emergency response services provided by contractors, vendors and on-site
support for staff during events.

e Maintained records of all repairs involving equipment, supplies and and purchases for the property.

08/2019 to 12/2020 Estate Manager
Private Homeowner — City, STATE

e Supervised onsite contractors to ensure completion of contractual agreement.

¢ Managed move out/move in of the entire contents of the house including Art, furniture and household items to
prepare for renovation.

e Prepared all mechanisms for protection of complete interior surfaces, lighting and built-ins.

e Organized design. coordination, completion and clean up of construction and renovation projects.

¢ Coordinated maintenance schedule by hiring technical and mechanical contractors as needed.

e Vetted contractors onsite to enforce house rules and guidelines.

e Inspected grounds, facilities and equipment to determine , repair and maintain as needed.

e Available 24/7 for emergency response services as support for staff during events and to maintain a consistent
lifestyle for patriarch.

e Maintained records of all repairs involving equipment, supplies and and purchases for the property.

¢ Received guests as well as deliveries

10/2014 to 12/2020 Luxury Home Project Manager
Private Developer — City, STATE
¢ Monitored daily construction and evaluated project progress, contract compliance and safety.
© Managed project operations, budget, timeline and collaborated with stakeholders to review status.
e Organized and participated in monthly on-site meetings with clientele and subcontractors.
© Developed creative solutions to issues of conflict that arose with regards to the construction project.
¢ Communicated safety standards to laborers and sub-contractors and enforced safety regulations on job sites.
¢ Conducted walk-through inspections and other scheduled inspections with city inspectors and homeowners.
¢ Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.
e Obtained completion notices and compliance certifications from construction administration consultants.
¢ Established relationships with GC, city inspectors and sub contractors to align priorities, goals and objectives.
e Built relationships with engineering staff and coordinated with vendors and contractors to align timelines, phases
and work to be performed across projects or shutdowns.
e Interpreted blueprints and plans and relayed information to team of workers.
e Managed submittals and processing of requests for Information between general contractor, owner and owner's
consultants.
¢ Built rapport with neighbors to ensure a cohesive level of respect in an effort to avoid issues.

EDUCATION

06/1989 High School Diploma
Shamrock High School - Decatur, GA

Wessttes, Portroiios, PROFILES
© www.Clairedesign.com
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

As a self taught one man furniture design/build workshop, I am most proud of the fact that during my 25 year career of building custom
furniture, several of my projects were featured in local magazines. a national magazine, as well as featured on a TV show in 2001.

In 2014. at the age of 44. I decided to pivot from my career since I was 18 years old and go into construction project management. And over
the past seven years working with a developer, I managed the construction of two 16 million dollar homes in Miami Beach. Utilizing my
knowledge of home renovations and furniture building, I ensured all the details were at their highest level, thus resulting in two unique
showpieces.