JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

WEBSITE, PORTFOLIO, PROFILES

e Spirithorse Gems Facebook
* Spirithorse Gems google

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Multi-talented Jewelry Designer successful at meeting customer expectations and business needs. Proficient in CAD software and skillful in
handling all aspects of design and production. I also teach jewelry and beadwork design and have taught in the community collage and at the
local hobby craft stores.

SKILLS
* Custom designs In Bead Work & Modern Jewelry Making e Specialty materials I use all kinds of materials jewelry designing
e Project Management I run my own business successfully for over and making
15 yrs. e Market understanding I have a sense of business skills and
e Mass production Im only one person but I have Made Pieces to marketing to stay in business all these years
keep up with clients demands * Settings I have set most all gemstones in different jewelry settings

and have designed a few of my own as well

WorK HISTORY

Jewelry Designer, 04/2001 - Current
Baublebar — Moonachie, NJ
¢ Constructed both one-off and mass-produced items with skilled finishing work such as engravings and embossings.
¢ Conducted in-depth research to identify sourcing for high-quality materials and stones at attainable pricing.
e Worked with individual clients to design unique pieces, communicating effectively to establish vision and specifications.

Travel Hotel Airline and Dining Reservationist, 01/2000 - 04/2001
The University Of Oklahoma — Norman, OK
e Managed online booking inquiries and assisted guests and travel partners with questions throughout entire booking cycle.
e Prepared customer invoices, accepted payments and processed refund and cancellation requests.
« Maintained awareness of types of rooms available in different resort locations.
¢ Informed clients of essential travel information, such as travel times, transportation connections, medical and visa requirements to facilitate
quality service.
e Worked closely with front desk to achieve full occupancy of property.
e Answered incoming phone calls and developed friendly rapport with callers while answering questions, making recommendations and
leading conversations to bookings.
e Suggested various packages and amenities to guests, helping each find perfect accommodations to fit personal needs.
¢ Provided high level of customer service to each person by engaging customer and using active listening and effective interpersonal skills.
e Provided customers with information about availability and pricing.

Veterinary Nurse, 01/1985 - 01/2000
Hope & Happiness Animal Hospital — City, STATE
e Managed medical intervention and therapy for animals in collaboration with Veterinary Nurse.
e Triaged incoming patients to determine treatment needs and urgency of care.
e Answered owner animal health questions and advised on best care practices.
¢ Processed new patients and updated client records with key information using standardized registration systems and encrypted databases.
e Cleaned and disinfected exam areas, surgical equipment and kennels to prevent diseases and control odors.
¢ Recorded symptoms and documented medical observations to inform treatment decisions.
e Bathed and dipped dogs afflicted with Demodex mange , Sarcoptic mange and fleas parasitic infections and applied specific medications
for itch relief.
¢ Inoculated animals to prevent rabies, distemper and parvo.
e Assisted senior staff with blood analyses and physical assessments.
e Prepared surgical instrument packs and drapes for use in sterile environments by processing in autoclave under high pressure and high
temperature conditions.
e Aided veterinary surgeon with spay and neuter and all types of surgeries and procedures for domestic and exotic species with complex

requirements.

Animal Receiving , 01/1989 - 01/1996
§.P.C.A. — City, STATE
« Administered medications to animals in treatment and documented changes in condition.
e Cleaned and disinfected exam areas, surgical equipment and kennels to prevent diseases and control odors.
* Collected patient biopsies and blood samples for laboratory analysis.
e Maintained animal health and wellbeing by brushing coat, trimming nails, cleaning ears and providing other types of basic care.
e Educated caregivers and pet owners on animal care, nutrition and disease management.
*« Completed animals examinations and recorded pulse, respiration rate and temperature.
e Restrained animals safely during exams and procedures.
e Performed laboratory tasks by developing radiographs and x-ray images and testing blood and bodily fluids.
e Supported animal surgeries by preparing animals, maintaining surgical equipment and monitoring animal condition after surgery.
e Collected, prepared and labeled samples for laboratory testing, culture and microscopic examination.
¢ Prepared surgical instrument packs and drapes for use in sterile environments by processing in autoclave under high pressure and high
temperature conditions.
e Kept animal coats clean and healthy with regular washing, grooming and trimming.
e Kept cages, kennels, play yards and grooming areas neat and clean.
e Handled administrative work such as answering telephones and scheduling appointments for visits.
¢ Collected animal waste produced on walks and discarded in trash or approved receptacles.
* Carefully clipped nails and trimmed hair around pads and paws, using gentle approach for anxious pets.
¢ Followed pet care instructions for dietary needs and medication regimens.
e Managed facility laundry, cleaning and restocking.
e Washed, trimmed and brushed animals to maintain good grooming standards.
¢ Followed effective process for bathing and grooming dogs to remove dirt, loose hair, parasites and hair mats.
¢ Monitored animals for signs of disease, illness or injury and communicated concerns to owners.
¢ Followed specific food and water schedules for different animal species.
¢ Monitored animals for behavioral problems and signs of health issues.
e Observed animal details such as size, condition, behavior and eating habits and documented data with [Software].
e Mixed and administered special food formulas to individual animals based on unique dietary needs.
¢ Documented animals’ weight, size and condition in computer system for review by senior staff.
* Cared for sick or injured animals by seeking out veterinary care and notifying owners.
e Swabbed ears to remove wax and dirt, removing extra hair to allow air to circulate freely and avoid infection.

e Performed basic wound care and other medical aid, working with veterinarians to handle advanced cases.

EDUCATION
Pearl Specialist: Jewelry And Metalsmithing, 06/2018
Pearls As One - Online

Veterinarian Assistant: Animal Science, 01/1982
North American School of Animal Science - Miami Beach, FL

High School Diploma: 06/1978
Largo High School - Largo, FL

CERTIFICATIONS

e Gemstone .mineral .fossil pearl
e Pearl Specialist Training -
e Licensed Pear Specialist -