JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Office Management and Administration Professional with years of experience optimizing productivity, efficiency and service
quality across various environments including construction. Highly dependable, ethical and reliable support specialist that works effectively
with cross-functional teams in ensuring operational and service excellence.

SKILLS
¢ Microsoft Office Suite and Adobe proficiency © Proficiency with BuilderTrend software
« Data management e Accounts payable and receivable
e Administrative support e Fluent in French and Haitian Creole
¢ Bookkeeping
Worx History

12/2022 to Current Project Manager
Advocates — Silver Spring, MD
¢ Directed day-to-day operational aspects of project and scope and monitored progress of construction activities.
e Managed construction schedules to achieve adequate project labor coverage.
¢ Read plans and blueprints and communicated to workers.
¢ Put together estimates. specifications and other project documents.
¢ Communicated daily with vendors to keep project fully operational.
e Thoroughly reviewed material proposals and negotiated contracts.
e Reviewed project scope, required materials and labor pricing to develop competitive bids.
e Planned, designed, and scheduled phases for large projects

05/2021 to 12/2022 Project Coordinator/Interior Designer
Akumin Inc. J Usf — Bethesda, MD

© Developed key client relationships, providing design solutions that met needs and budgets without compromising
quality or design intent.

¢ Developed space planning concepts and selections presentations.

¢ Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.

e Communicated product information, installation methods and product upgrade options.

¢ Led interior design across conceptual, schematic, design development and construction document phases.

e Carefully reviewed contractor submittals of finish materials.

e Interfaced effectively with contractors and vendors to resolve issues and discuss ideas.

© Specified appropriate products and materials to meet project objectives and design scheme.

e Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.

e Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging in problem-solving activities to
support teamwork.

e Served as main liaison between builder, clients, superintendents and vendors regarding the build process,
selections, change orders and punch out.

* Managed requests for quotes from vendors, presenting selection options to clients and preparing detailed purchase
orders.

e Aided in management of build process schedule.

10/2015 to 04/2021 Office Manager
George Washington University — Washington, DC

e Oversaw office accounting functions such as AP/AR and payroll to keep finances accurate and current.

e Tracked and recorded team expenses and reconciled accounts to maintain accurate, current and compliant financial
records.

e Managed CRM database, including troubleshooting, maintenance, updates and report generation.

e Performed billing, collection and reporting functions for office.

¢ Consulted with company management to assess requirements and develop operational enhancements to streamline
processes and increase team performance.

Managed costs and billing and resolved financial discrepancies effectively through organizational management of
account information using AccountView software

e Prepared vendor invoices and processed incoming payments.

© Coordinated and maintained impressive office organization to keep facilities efficient, organized and professional.

05/2009 to 05/2011 Executive Associate
CHARLEE Homes For Children — Washington, DC
e Assisted the Associate Vice President of Development and the Director of Planned Giving for Real Estatewith
various administrative tasks, including meeting coordination, travel arrangements and correspondence.
© Set up all logistics, such as selecting viable candidates and scheduling interviews, for potentialDevelopment hires.
e Organized and created materials, as well as, general set-up for executive presentations.
e «Served as the project coordinator for the production of the Luther W. Brady Art Gallery’s brochure.

09/2006 to 09/2008 Donor Relations And Grant Coordinator
Company Name — Miami, FL

e Responsible for donor database and maintained positive relationships with donors through constant correspondence
and replying to inquiries promptly while serving as the main contact regarding donations and volunteer
opportunities.

e Oversaw volunteers, including the processing of applications and activity coordination.

e Partnered with Grant Manager to keep all grant related projects organized and helped prepare necessary reports
while accurately coding and processing grants according to protocol.

e Wrote and prepared distribution for both monthly e-newsletters and biannual printed newsletter.

e Aided the Development Department with all development related tasks, including event planning. campaign
tracking, and solicitations.

¢ Organized both the Holiday Toy Drive and Back to School Drive for approximately 1,000 children.

¢ Collected and processed all monetary and in-kind donations while consistently balancing with the Fiscal
Department.

¢ Promoted to coordinator position after efficiently and successfully performing all Donor Relations Specialist
responsibilities and showing potential with additional duties.

e Created donor recognition programs to drive engagement.

EpDucATION

08/2004 Master of Arts: Global Marketing Communication & Advertising
Emerson College - Boston, MA

05/2001 Bachelor of Arts: Communications
Boston College - Chestnut Hill MA

CERTIFICATIONS

New York Institute of Art and Design Certificate in Interior Design
Boston University CDIA Certificate in Graphic and Web Design