JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

A small town upbringing instilled values within me. I have taken these with me on my travels all over the world. I am personable and
comfortable in groups and with public speaking. I have a strong creative background in the arts including painting, writing, dance and design.
I have owned and operated four successful businesses and consulted for countless others. I have a knack for getting along with others and
considered very upbeat as a person. I am a hard worker and always over perform my duties.

SKILLS
e Originality and Creativity e Marketing Tactics
¢ Focus and Follow-Through e Management Team Building
« Business Leadership ¢ Staff Development
« Employee Motivation © 30 years experience
EXPERIENCE

12/2005 to Current Owner/Designer/President
Aramark Corporation — Wynnewood, PA

e Founded the Company

e Oversaw staff hiring, initiating new training and scheduled processes to streamline operations.

© Created: The Concept, the Marketing, the Designs, the Packaging, the Ad Campaigns and oversaw the PR

e Achieved vending licensing in: Macy’s, Saks Fifth Ave, Bloomingdale's, The Ritz Carlton and stores in Europe,
Canada and Asia

e Was the face of the brand and the spokesperson for interviews with: Ryan Seacrest on E!, Mario Lopez on Extra! .
Current, TV, Playboy TV, NBC, ABC, CBS and FOX

e Took a simple idea from conception to a house-hold name to a publicly traded company (RKBD)

e Represented and made a deal with Mark Cuban on Shark Tank in front of ten Million viewers

¢ Produced hundreds of photoshoots, events, collaborations and fashion shows

12/1999 to Current Spokesperson/Trustee
Group Publishing, Inc. — Loveland, CO
e Acted as lead of all media and PR while simultaneously presenting as the face of the Trust Fund
e Maintained professionality and efficiency while working closely with my Billionaire Trustees.
e Handled the affairs of a $500 Million Trust for over 20yrs
© Spoke on behalf of the Trust in 15 countries all over the world
e Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure strong media presence
© Defined strategies and created plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.
e Produced and starred in multiple TV shows, Movies, Music Videos and a Netflix Documentary series for the Trust

12/2003 to 12/2005 Owner/Marketing Director
Torque Grill & Cantina — Burleson, TX

¢ Founded the company

e Created the concept of Marketing, Advertising and Full Production under one roof

e Launched integrated marketing campaign models to enhance prospect engagement.

© Developed and implemented digital marketing plans to incorporate SEO, social media platforms and video
campaigns.

e Recommended product changes to enhance customer interest and maximize sales.

e Lead Producer for 15 years

e Planned and produced highly effective experiential marketing events.

e Produced Ad campaigns for: Cigarette Racing Boats, Caviar Creator, Imperia Vodka, and hundreds of other luxury
brands

e Handled accounts all over the world

12/2001 to 12/2003 District Marketing Manager
Marriott International — Willow Grove. PA
¢ Produced events for every bar and restaurant from South Miami to Boca Raton (over 40 accounts)
e I created promotions for 36 brands
¢ IT oversaw 12 employees that I trained personally
e I achieved the top producing region in the US market two years in a row
e Established and managed strategic and tactical plans for the South East region
e Championed new product line launches by developing effective advertising plans, promotional tactics, street
marketing events and social media activities.

12/2000 to 12/2003 Owner/President
Cast Inc — City, STATE
e Founded the company
© Created a reliable service for promotional Staffing and event planning after encountering problems with the
company I was using to staff for Marketing Connections and Diageo Distributors
e Oversaw staff hiring, initiating new training and scheduled processes to streamline operations.
¢ Devised business and marketing plans and prepared monthly financial reports.
e Handled brands such as Captain Morgan, Red Stripe, Smirnoff, Bass Ale and Guinness

12/1997 to 12/1998 Assistant Editor
City To Cities Magazine — City, STATE
e Began as a travel writer
e Produced events for the Magazine
¢ Produced and starred in 12 page editorial spread
e I went on to write as the Food Critique, Travel Features, New Product Reviews and Feature Columns
e During a strike at the Magazine the Chief Editor and I put out an entire issue between the two of us

12/1996 to 12/1997 Server
The Ritz Carlton Resort — City, STATE
e Server in a 5 Star 5 Diamond Restaurant and Hotel
¢ Produced training sessions for new employees on restaurant procedures and Hotel standards

12/1990 to 12/1996 Croupier
Emerald Princess Cruise Lines — City, STATE
e Worked my way up from busboy, to bar-back, to waiter Cruise Director, to Croupier and Fire Captain
¢ Dealt Blackjack, Roulette, Poker, Pai Gow and Let it Ride
¢ Put out two fires and transported 3 sick and injured passengers to safety as Fire Chief

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

01/1995 AA: General Studies
Florida Community College - Jacksonville Beach, FL

01/1993 Associate of Arts: General Studies
University of Florida - Gainesville, FL

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Honors , National Honors Society President of Academic Excellence Captain of FBHS Soccer Team United States Navy Nuclear Test
Winner Graduated with Honors Duke University SAT Excellence Award