JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

¢ Retail professional with extensive knowledge of fashion, including current trends.

e Enjoys creating perfect designs for clients body type. personality and event.

e Expert in fashion designing. pattern making and garment construction.

e Extensive customer service and sales experience with customer service awards from previous employers.

SKILLS
¢ Customer and sales-oriented e Natural leader
e Fashion professional * Active listening skills
e Skilled problem solver e Great organizational skills
¢ Employee relations
Work History

08/2012 to Current Fashion Designer
Visa — Foster City, CA
e Designer of fashionable, chic and modern clothing for women.
e Sketch designs, make patterns and sample pieces.
e Market designs via Etsy, social media, fashion shows and sip and shop events.
e Design and construct custom pieces for clients including specialty gowns for beauty pageants and bridesmaids.

06/2007 to 07/2012 Manager
Visa — San Francisco, CA
© Operated daily tours of our butterfly breeding facility, hosting both tourists and local residents, showing complete
lifecycle of thirteen different species of butterflies.
© Coordinated sales and delivery of orders to hotels and wedding couples.
Managed invoices, statements and collections from clients.

06/2000 to 07/2007 Manager
Visa — Atlanta, GA
¢ Managed this tourist attraction showcasing ostriches, emus, peacocks, other exotic birds, buffalos, herbal gardens
and fruit orchards.
Managed customer relations and was the hotel liaison officer.
© Managed special events including South Coast Shrimp and Craft Festival which had over 10,000 visitors.

1996 to 2000 Manager
Coleen's Collectibles — City, STATE

EpucaTIon

Associate of Arts: Fashion Design
Montego Bay Community College - Montego Bay, Jamaica

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

In February 2015, was selected to compete in Fashion Advance Fashion Design Competition for Black History month at Macys Lennox Mall,
Atlanta.