JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Flexible User Experience Designer and Researcher with digital products operating across numerous platforms. I create efficient, accessible
UX frameworks by focusing my talents on designing inviting and unintimidating interfaces that feel completely familiar to users and ease
their adoption. With an academic background in Communications and Anthropology, and a professional history of business management and
aesthetics, I am ceaselessly dedicated to enhancing the human experience!

www.JessicaClaire.com

Work History

08/2021 to 01/2022 UX Designer and Researcher
Jones Lange Lasalle Inc. — A And B Trailer Court Number Two, MT

¢ Maximized system performance. enhancing the end-user experience by applying iterative design processes.

¢ Communicated with product managers and UX designers to translate project requirements and business objectives
into polished user interfaces.

e Resolved UX obstacles through testing and iteration, prioritizing usability studies, site maps, wireframing, and
prototyping methods.

¢ Collaborated with stakeholders, UX peers, and front-end developers to create holistic UX vision and strategies.

e Conducted research by interviewing users, external customers, and various stakeholders.

¢ Improved and expanded project platforms using Figma, Sketch, and AxureRP to develop rich user Interfaces.

e Analyzed existing interfaces to detect user pain points, recommending design changes and iterative updates.

e Evaluated user research to convert abstract ideas and requirements into planning tools such as journey maps, user
personas, and storyboards.

- RECENT DELIVERABLES -

Mobile App Evaluation and Prototyping

Wonder Wander

Conducted research to understand ways in which the current app experience could be enhanced for users and key stakeholders, and infuse as
much value into it as possible. The iterative design process was focused on evaluating the ways in which people discover and engage with the
app and prototyping ways to improve this throughout the Wonder Wander ecosystem.

Tools Used: Figma, Invision, Keynote, Zoom, Google Docs
Methods Used: Content Inventory & Audit, Comparative Analysis, Affinity Diagramming, Usability Tests, Directed Storytelling, Kano
Analysis, Journey Mapping, Personas, Lo-Hi Fidelity Interactive Prototypes

Website Re-design

The Food Building

The goal was to enhance the user experience of the site by cleaning up the navigation, refreshing the page designs while highlighting the
Kieran's Kitchen Marketplace, and showcase their local farm-to-table partnerships through more compelling storytelling.

Tools Used: Figma, InVision, Keynote, Zoom
Methods Used: LA Diagramming, Comparative Analysis, Usability Testing, Affinity Diagramming (Qual. & Quant. Data Analysis), Iterative
Prototyping/Wireframing

09/2012 to 07/2020 Business Manager
Nordstrom - NARS Cosmetics, Mall Of America — City, STATE

e Created, managed and executed NARS Cosmetics business plan and communicated Nordstrom company vision to
grow brand loyalty and awareness.

¢ Coordinated innovative strategies to accomplish objectives and boost long-term profitability.

¢ Developed and nurtured lasting relationships with clients through dedicated assistance, issue resolution, and artistry
education.

e Evaluated data on stock levels, customer sales and other factors, assessed trends and reported on findings to help
senior management make effective operational decisions.

e Liaised with sales, marketing and management teams to develop solutions and accomplish shared objectives.

e Capitalized on industry and marketplace trends to strategize marketing solutions and enhance business operations
through social media exposure and email campaigns.

SKILLS
« Figma © UX Research
¢ Sketch e Wireframing
e AxureRP © Lo-Hi Fidelity Prototyping
¢ Photoshop e Affinity Diagramming
e InVision e Information Architecture
« Miro © User Personas
« Keynote e Usability Testing
« Zoom e Journey Maps
* Google Suite e Heuristic Analysis
_ e Kano Analysis
METHODS * Directed Storytelling
5 ¢ Comparative Analysis
« UX Design © Cognitive Walkthroughs
EpucaTIon
01/2022 Certificate: User Experience Design
Prime Digital Academy - Minneapolis, MN
2010 Associate of Arts And Sciences: Anthropology
Iowa State University - Ames, LA
2008 Associate of Arts And Sciences: Mass Communications
Minnesota State University - Moorhead - Moorhead, MN
LANGUAGES
Spanish:
Negotiated:
AFFILIATIONS

UXPA MN