TERESIA SOMERVI1

GRAPHIC DESIGNER

Australia

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY CORE COMPETENCIES

Senior graphic design professional with 8+ years of experience in Design, art direction t Typography ) t innovation )
and management of print and digital projects from conception through completion.

Specialized in creating Book and Cover Design; logo; after effects; Animation and
many more by using various adobe suite and graphic design tools.

Research and Analytica

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SENIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER «* May 2017 - Present

Brandcraft, Sydney, Australia = BrandCraft

* Create and design unique visual images, flash presentations, animation and web application interface for various internal and external
projects.

* Assign projects to meet department objectives and requirements of various business units & Ensuring department projects are complet-
ed on time by coordinating activities.

* Design of banner ads and web graphics for online Travel promotions: photo selection and color correction, copy development and optimi-
zation.

* Design Bar charts, Rectangular charts and various types of infographics for the presentation and reporting purposes for client deals.

GRAPHIC DESIGNER « june 2015 -Jan 2017
Chello, Sydney, Australia

* Responsible for Campaign concepts and ideas including Logo Design and Illustration for all brand strategies and Created design; presenta-
tion boards to help support executive and account representation of strategic creative to the client

* Handle a team of 10 members including 2 freelancers and reporting their progress to the head of the department and solving all the
errors.

FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER « Apr 2012- Apr 2015
April Ford, Maroochydore, Australia AF.

* Designed multiple Logo; Brochure; Newsletters and Magazines and created 5 short product animation and introductory videos for social
media sites for the clients across the globe.

* Designed Static and dynamic images and short animation clips for various online websites.

« Learn & implement subject matters into design for inforgraphics, Newsletters, Company portfolios, training and corporate videos and sales
presentations

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

Masters of Fine Arts in Visual Communication « 2011 p> MACQUARIE
P University
acquarie University, Sydney, Australia WP renee nerann

TECHNICAL SKILLS HOBBIES

Affinity Designer Procreate :Y Sg
eee

Illustration Drawing

Photoshop ; itlustrator CC
ss SS

PORTFOLIO
inDesign Core! Painter 2020