JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Innovative audio developer specializing in sound design, composition, music production and advanced customer service; equipped with an
extensive knowledge in recording, editing, and mixing, including studio/live performances, foley, and field recordings. Exhibiting 20 + years of
industry experience from all aspects of sound engineering, performance and production, modern hardware and software implementation,
installation, design, and audio equipment maintenance. Calm, organized, skilled, and adaptive when collaborating with colleagues and clients
alike with an in-depth knowledge of all DAWs and creative software applications.

Goal is to elevate my skills and advance into the gaming industry to integrate sound for game engines such as unity and unreal.

SKILLS
* Soundboard Operation e Live Programming
« Equipment Setup © Voice Recording
¢ Foley Design e Sound Quality Management
e Music Selection ® Proficient With DAWs
© Live Effects e Final Cut Pro Software
* Music Composition e Music Production
e Equipment Selection * Sound Design
e Audio Mixing e Live Sound Production
e Audio Production e Audio Post-Production
* Operating Control Consoles ¢ Sound Editing
¢ Sound Quality Adjustment * People Skills
e Equipment Coordination e Training & Development
¢ In-Studio Recording * Conflict Resolution
e Equipment Maintenance e Customer Service
e Setting up Microphones ® Relationship Building
e Analog Sound Editing e Active Listening
* Recording Equipment Operation e Friendly, Positive Attitude
EXPERIENCE

Sound Designer, 2014 - Current
Meta Platforms, Inc. — Burlingame, CA
© Met with producers and directors to create goals for sound production.
e Examined scripts to define most needed sounds and sourced or produced needed files.
¢ Selected music and sound effects for multiple productions.
* Completed fast turnarounds in post-production.
¢ Operated control consoles to regulate volume levels and sound quality.
© Recorded, edited and mixed instrumental and vocal tracks and minimized unwanted sounds.
¢ Processed audio to meet quality standards
* Utilized recording equipment to record music and speech.
* Collaborated with producers and performers to determine and achieve desired sound for productions
¢ Delivered insight and expertise regarding audio mixing and recording
e Repaired and maintained audio equipment, such as mixers, microphones, amplifiers and keyboards
e Engineered recording sessions and produced musical soundtracks for artists within various genres.
* Reproduced and duplicated sound recordings from original recording media by using sound editing and duplication equipment.
¢ Separated various sounds and remixed during post-production stage.

Digital Publicist, 2008 - 2012
Luthier Society — City, STATE
e Designed and managed client content including production, web development, digital marketing, and social media management
* Wrote Press releases and secured placements in print and digital publications globally
¢ Provided press passes for local events to editors and photographers
e Maintained relationships with numerous editors of major and local publications including radio station program directors
¢ Designed promotional assets and radio campaigns for clients in the entertainment industry and provided consultation for artist development
e Established and maintained good public relations and networking within community to develop business.

« Drove new business development and client acquisition through networking, lead generation, and exceptional service.

Bartender, National Trainer. 2000 - 2013
PF. Chang’s China Bistro — City, STATE
e Acted as a National Trainer to open up new locations; trained and managed all newly hired employees nationwide.
e Helped management with ordering to maintain fully functional bar/kitchen and also assisted in reducing costs by following pour standards
and minimizing service errors

e Increased year-over-year sales results by maintaining high average checks

Senior Bartender, 2013 - 2020
Public School 818 — City, STATE
* Created signature beverages to increase revenue and patron loyalty.
¢ Prepared specialty drinks to support servers.
e Introduced bar staff to precision pouring and waste reduction tactics to lower liquor costs.
e Restocked beer and liquor regularly and after special events.
e Maintained detailed inventory of bar supplies and stocked work areas.
¢ Monitored patron alcohol consumption to encourage safety.
« Balanced daily registers and generated sales reports for management.
e Kept bar up-to-date, trend-forward and refreshed with menu changes and seasonal updates.
* Stayed up-to-date on latest mixology trends, bar equipment and sanitation standards.
e Enforced minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages by checking identification.
¢ Poured, mixed and blended pre-mixes for expected daily cocktail needs.
* Operated cash register and Point of Sale (POS) system for transactions and made proper change for cash transactions.
¢ Upsold customers from shelf to premium brands to help boost sales.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA

CCAC South Campus - West Mifflin, PA

Keystone Oaks High School - Dormont, PA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Tusk & Bruiser

© Dead Dicks Awards:

e Audience Award for Best Canadian Feature Fantasia International Film Festival 2019

e Best Actor/Best Screenplay/Rising Star Award/Best Feature Script/Best Ensemble Acting/Best Foreign Film

e Nominations: Best screenplay/Best Feature/Best Director/Best Cinematography
Professional Partnerships created with the following:

e Sony - artist account executive

¢ Elton John

* George Clinton Subpac

e Leon Russell

e Mike Plotnikoff

e Martin Atkins

e Kevin Lyman

e Krystal Harris

e Johnny K

e Sylvia Massy

e Universal - Nik Frost

e Benny Faccone

e Gary Lanvy - Big City Productions

WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES

© https://medulapro462.wixsite.com/JessicaClaire

¢ https://www_linkedin.com/in/JessicaClaire