JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Learning Specialist — Partner with leadership and subject matter experts to design and develop instructor-led and eLearning content. Manage
instructional design life cycle for large-scale, online professional development projects in government and non-profit institutions. Extensive
experience managing projects with instructional design teams using the ADDIE instructional design model. Expert knowledge and application
of adult learning principles. High-level consultancy skills and intercultural competence complement leading and working with diverse
constituencies as both internal and external consultant.

EXPERIENCE

01/2018 to Current INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER
Forrester Research, Inc. — Nashville, TN

e Align course design to digital learning strategy.

e Lead eLearning instructional design projects working with SMEs using three platforms: Blackboard, Canvas &
Moodle.

¢ Design digital learning blueprints for quality, accessibility, and consistency using Backward Design and UDL
principles.

e Manage project timelines, schedules, and checklists.

e Manage media production with internal and external teams.

e Ensure WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility compliance.

¢ Develop interactive eLearning using CourseArc and Captivate

¢ Develop content style guides and course instructor guides.

e Evaluate course design and effectiveness.

01/2016 to 01/2018 INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER (Consultant)
Christiana Care Health System — Newark, DE
e Partnered with leadership to ensure course design aligns with strategic aims for content migration from classroom
to eLearning.
e Aligned course objectives, assessments, and instructional strategies using Backward Design.
© Developed interactive content using CourseArc and Adobe Photoshop
e Managed media production: instructional videos, graphics & animation, audio/video transcripts, and contributed to
voiceover production
e Designed for accessibility using Universal Design.
¢ Onboarded faculty to the eLearning course development process.
© Developed online facilitator readiness training.
¢ Developed online program evaluations incorporating the Kirkpatrick Model®.
¢ Oversaw project timelines, schedules, checklists, and storyboards.
e Evaluated progress toward important milestones at every phase of project.

12/2011 to 12/2015 ONLINE FACILITATOR
The Chicago School Of Professional Psychology — Los Angeles, CA
e Facilitated online professional writing and intercultural competence training for foreign nationals employed in
various U.S. Department of Defense programs.

12/2012 to 06/2014 PROGRAM MANAGER
University Of Dayton — City, STATE
e Conducted needs analysis to identify instructional performance gaps and improve program effectiveness.
© Developed 4-level proficiency-based curriculum.
e Recruited, onboarded, and mentored 12 direct reports.
e Designed, developed, and implemented end-of-course evaluations.
© Created and implemented faculty “brown bag” professional development workshops.
e Revised staff handbook and policies and procedures manuals.

12/2009 to 12/2012 PROGRAM MANAGER Professional Training Programs
UMBC -— City, STATE
Managed grant-funded U.S. Department of State (DOS) hybrid professional development program train-the-trainer
program.
e Aligned course design, development, and implementation to grant specifications.
e Liaised with DOS program officers in D.C. and U.S. Embassy Officers worldwide.
e Partnered with UMBC program director, technology coordinator, instructional technologist, online instructors, and
online instructional assistants on program logistics and delivery.
e Designed and facilitated the 10-week training course: Methods: Survey of Best Practices
¢ Recruited, trained, and contracted online course instructors and online teaching assistants.
e Developed and distributed online training evaluations to global stakeholders.
¢ Managed $500,000 grant budget for the 3-week campus hybrid training program for participants from across the
globe.

08/2002 to 12/2009 ADJUNCT FACULTY
UMBC - City, STATE
Developed and facilitated English language training for seven language proficiency levels and two diverse program
tracks:
e Intensive English Program
¢ Professional Development Program (Sponsored by U.S. Department of State)

EpucaTION

12/2021 Master of Arts: Learning Performance & Technology
UMBC - Baltimore, Maryland

Instructional Systems Development, Post Graduate Certificate
UMBC - Baltimore, Maryland

Master of Arts: Teaching
Notre Dame of Maryland University - Baltimore, Maryland

Bachelor of Arts: Liberal Arts
Notre Dame of Maryland University - Baltimore, Maryland

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Instructional Systems Development, UMBC Graduate Certificate

e Project Management for Instructional Designers, Online Learning Consortium (OLC)
© Quality Matters: Applying the QM Rubric (APPQMR)

© Quality Matters: Evaluating Your Course Design (EYCD)

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIPS

* Quality Matters, (QM)

e Online Learning Consortium, (OLC)

e Association for Talent Development, (ATD)

¢ International Society for Performance Improvement (ISPI)

TRAINING WORKSHOP FACILITATION (most RECENT)

¢ How Two Institutions use Quality Matters and CourseArc for Course Design. Webinar Presenter. February 2020.

e Agile Management Overbooked: Prioritization in the Age of Agility. Co-creator. Maryland State Libraries. Leadership Development
Workshop Series. Maryland. December 2019.

e Learning as a Leadership Competency to Enable an Agile 21st Century Workforce. Co-presenter. ISPI Potomac Chapter Professional
Development, World Learning, Washington D.C. May 2019.

e Learner Readiness for Future Leaders and Learners. Co-presenter. ISPI/EMEA Leadership Professional Development Conference:
Exploring the Future of Organizational Performance. Gothenburg, Sweden. September 2018.

e Using Effective Language for Compliance Reporting. Co-presenter. DC METRO Professional development workshop. Landover,
Maryland. December 2017

e CourseArc for Content Creation. Co-presenter. Baltimore County School System headquarters. Towson, Maryland. July 2017.

COMPETENCIES

¢ Instructional Design e Learning Management Systems
¢ Content Authoring Tools * Quality Assurance

¢ Project Management e Training Evaluation

e Learning Technology Tools © Voiceover

e¢ Multimedia Production