Robert Sm ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

c tive Desi gn er Website : www. qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Over s years experience in graphic design, web design, web development and architectural
graphics,

SKILLS

Graphic Design, Branding, Rebranding, Advertising, Print, Web, Ul, UX, Storyboarding,
Copywriting, Events, Mackups

WORK EXPERIENCE

Creative Designer
Nina Simrnons Designs - January 2016 - Present

.

Efficiently and effectively administer creative design projects in support of brand identification
and advertising programs.

Established the overall style for marketing collateral for the sales tear resulting In a 12%
increase in gross revenue.

Engage clients In the design process to ensure that their requirements and needs are met and
they are completely satished with the project results.

Designed social media marketing campaigns for a publishing company generating a 30%
increase in gross revenue.

Utilize expertise and current best practices to assure quality of images, content and brand
compliance for stakeholders.

Create brand style guides and design any graphics elements adhering to brand standards -
tackled faulty brand consistency/perception,

Oversaw creative aim for corporate marketing collateral - boosted marketing campaigns

Graphic Designer
Gravotech, Inc. - May 2013 - April 2016

.

Developed, rendered, and expanded art concepts throughout the production of advertising
campaigns.

Collaborated with global mult-disciplinary tearm to develop designs for in-house marketing
initiatives.

Conceived original designs and marketing concepts used in print and digital advertising.
Foster trusting relationships with clients to safeguard clear and concise communication is
achieved and confidence is established,

Worked closely with business team In brainstorming to annual product strategy, and on
projects.

To increase sales revenues with creative and visual outputs. Design experience,

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role, in
case if you dont need It you can delete It,

EDUCATION

Master Of Artin Advertising Design - May 2011(Savannah College Of Art And Design - Savannah,
GA)
Bachelor Of Science in Studio Art - December 20038/Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL )

© This Free Resume Tempinte Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines