JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Designer with talents in staging, styling and interiors. Works closely with clients to create original visions, conceive designs and consistently
meet deadlines. Works well independently or as part of dynamic design team.

SKILLS
e Creative and Artistic © Creative Thinking
e Art Conceptualization e Works Well Under Pressure
¢ Collaboration Skills e Customer Service

« Design Concepts Development
EXPERIENCE

09/2014 to 01/2023 Designer
Hill+Knowlton Strategies — Chicago, IL
e Set up furniture to facilitate traffic flow and design objectives.
e Evaluated project costs and produced detailed estimates.
e Researched concepts and followed industry trends to provide knowledgeable insight to clients.
e Advised client on space planning, layout and use of furnishings or equipment.
e Subcontracted fabrication, installation and arrangement of carpeting and fixtures.
¢ Provided complimentary in-home consultations to prospective clients to gather ideas and promote design services.
e Developed interior design concepts and prepared interior systems and finishes.
e Visited home sites when necessary to assess and fulfill customer needs.
e Performed minor room adjustments to freshen up environments.
e Created professional presentations to creatively communicate design intent and direction.
e Assisted clients successfully by choosing furnishings consistent with preferences and budget.
e Created custom design boards with attention to detail for visual representation, including samples of fabrics, wall
finishes and flooring.

01/2021 to 02/2022 Sales Representative
United Wholesale Mortgage Corp. — Pontiac, MI
© Developed key customer relationships to increase sales.
¢ Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
© Developed customized sales techniques to successfully sell and upsell services to new and existing clients.
e Listened to customers to understand needs and refer to optimal services.
e Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.
e Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.
¢ Followed-up with clients after installations to assess quality service and customer satisfaction.
e Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer
service.
e Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.
¢ Presented products and services to prospective and existing customers to meet client needs.
e Increased revenue by skillfully upselling and closing customer sales and driving product benefits around client
needs.
e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
e Priced out products for customers and drew up sales paperwork.
¢ Improved overall customer purchasing experiences to promote steady revenue.
e Handled credit and debit card payment processing to complete purchasing experience.
© Identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets.
e Generated sales across complete sales cycle process from prospecting through contract negotiations and closings.
e Adhered to company initiatives and achieved established goals.
¢ Drove substantial sales through suggestive selling and by promoting add-on purchases.
e Greeted incoming customers and provided expert sales and service to drive revenue.
¢ Top sales for 2 years and was added to the million dollar club in sales

01/2010 to 06/2014 Realtor
Windermere Real Estate — Maple Valley, WA
¢ Promoted properties via advertisements, open houses and multiple listing services.
e Maintained current and accurate CRM database of prospective customers.
© Scheduled home viewings with potential buyers.
e Advertised properties to general public via networking, brochures, ads and multiple listing services to maximize
exposure.
¢ Called or emailed lapsed clients to inquire about continuing needs.
e Facilitated closing process on behalf of clients and reviewed parts of contracts to resolve issues prior to closing.
¢ Promoted property sales through advertisements, open houses and participation in multiple listing services.
e Pushed through objectives, persuading clients to purchase by applying advanced sales techniques.
e Advised prospective clients on current market activities and optimal buying or selling choices.
e Generated list of properties to meet specific client needs.
e Oversaw and negotiated offers for real estate purchases on clients’ behalf.
¢ Managed real estate transactions from initiation to closing.
e Conferred with escrow companies, lenders and home inspectors to expedite transactions and home buying process.
© Maximized market share by working with clients and building relationships.
e Researched and determined competitive market price.
e Managed sales pipeline by actively following up with prospects and hot leads.
e Networked with industry contacts to expand knowledge of real estate markets and best practices.
e Generated lists of properties compatible with buyers' needs and financial resources.
¢ Communicated with inspectors, lenders and pest control companies to maintain purchase agreement terms.
e Represented buyers and sellers in major real estate transactions.
¢ Facilitated real estate purchases by reviewing listings, accompanying clients to properties and communicating sale
conditions.
e Showed residential properties and explained features, value and benefits of available homes.
¢ Planned and coordinated open house events to move properties.
e Accompanied buyers during property inspections.
e Prepared forms needed for real estate transactions, contracts, deeds, closing statements and leases.
e Facilitated new property listing to increase inventory.

06/2000 to 04/2004 Stylist
Smartstyle Hair Salons — Durant, OK
¢ Helped brand awareness by assisting in merchandising and handling display setups.
e Created mood boards by researching current fashion trends and competitor activity.
¢ Visited sites when necessary to assess and fulfill clients needs.
e Provided information about available color palettes and helped select colors that reflected client personality and
goals.
¢ Completed interior design and staging projects to clients products in still life shoots aka catalogs and or magazines.
.
¢ Gave clients information about strategies to keep spaces fresh and inviting.
¢ Collaborated closely with customers, art directors, and photographers to satisfy client needs and requirements.
¢ Coordinated movers and assistant stylists to complete project installations and styling.
e Reviewed project costs, budgets and adherence to schedules.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Associate of Arts: Hotel Hospitality And Marketing
UNLV - Las Vegas, NV

LANGUAGES

Arabic:
Negotiated:
Wessrrtes, PortTFouios, PROFILES
* wwwsstyleumbrella.com
* instagram @style_umbrella
e tiktok: style_umbrella