JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I have spent the last 5 years working at a fine art fabrication studio in LonJessica as well as working in my own studio as a freelance art
fabricator. I have experience in several types of mold making, casting, fiberglassing, sculpture, Plexiglass fabrication, XXXposite creation,
welding, woodworking, grinding/polishing and finishing, design, and a knowledge of a wide range of materials used in the art fabrication
field.

HiGHLIGHTS

« Customer Service, Inventory, Order Placement and Delivery (10+ © Large scale Laminating (Acrylic bonding with polymerization

years experience in Sales and Customer Services) adhesives, Acrifix)

e es

* Mould Making (Large and small scale, Silicone Rubber, Latex, * Sculpture (Grinding, Smoothing, Polishing, Finishing, stone,
Plaster, Fiberglass, Alginate.) resin, metal, wood, clay)

es se

e Plexiglass fabrication (Cutting, gluing, thermoforming, polishing, « General Woodworking
building XXXplex objects, prototypes, extruded and cast Plexi °

property knowledge) e Welding and Gas Cutting (TIG, ARCH)
LJ e
e Casting (Resins and XXXposites, entry level bronze casting) ¢ Prop Making and Set Construction (TV, Film, and Photo shoots,
° LonJessica, Hollywood)
e Painting (Compressed Air, Sanding/Priming’ filling, auto °
industrial grade paints and lacquers, aerosols, general paints) Art Gallery technician experience (1 year)

e Car Body Modification (Fiberglassing, and finishing)
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Some of the clients I have XXXpleted work for are: Lady Gaga, GorJessica Ramsey, Nike, Puma, Kylie Manogue, Liberty of LonJessica,
Fred Segal Los Angeles, Frank and Eileen Los Angeles, Nicholas King Designs LonJessica, Lotto Labs LonJessica, The University College
of LonJessica, Echo Park Studios LA, Battersea Studios LonJessica, GoldSmiths College LonJessica, Free Range Art and Design Show
LonJessica and Plataforma per la Lingua, Barcelona.

EXPERIENCE

05/2008 to 08/2013 Freelance Fine Art Fabricator, Designer Maker
Don McLoghlin Designer/Maker — City, STATE
Maker, Design and materials consultant for Designers, Architects, Students, and Non Profit Organizations.
I began as an assistant to a sculptor, then became an apprentice at a fine arts studio, then built my own freelance
business and have XXXpleted work in the UK, Spain, and the US.
I deal with clients first hand in consultations and financial agreements.

10/2009 to 06/2013 Lead production and developments
Nicholas King Jewelery — City, STATE
Polymeric XXXposite and laminate jewelery maker, production manager, developer.
Worked side by side with designer Nicholas King in production but also in design and materials consultation and
developments for future lines.
Managed production team and training.
Designed a more efficient production line for the business.

10/2009 to 03/2012 Fine Arts Fabricator
Van Der Graaf Fine Arts Studio — City, STATE
Worked with a team of up to 9 in a very creatively healthy and stimulating environment.
Acquired and developed an extraordinary amount of skills and knowledge about Art Fabrication, materials
(specialization in plastics) and client consultation.
I was selected to manage the XXXpany while the owner was unable to manage due to health reasons.
Industrial grade workshop tools all projects Jessicae by hand.

EpucaTIon

2006 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology
San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA
I also attended:

UCLA for Economics and Mathematics
Santa Monica College for Biology and Computer Science
UC Berkeley for Immunology and Genetics