JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated employee with solid background in high-volume office environments focused on delivering exceptional clerical and operational
support for professionals. Upbeat individual with friendly demeanor and sound judgment to handle diverse daily tasks with minimal
oversight. Well-versed in managing office supplies, paperwork and project needs. Results-driven with track record of excelling in fast-paced
office environments. Strong client relations skills and to resolve issues with tact and diplomacy to drive client retention and loyalty.
Knowledgeable in industry terminology, products and services to effectively address and respond to public and personnel inquiries.
Responsible. possessing first-rate scheduling, telephone and documentation abilities. Service-oriented individual with expertise in preparing
and modifying documents, coordinating meetings and trips and preparing responses on behalf of company. Committed to establishing stellar
rapport with clients of diverse backgrounds.

SKILLS

¢ Multi-tasking abilities © Leadership

¢ Collaboration skills ¢ Relationship building

e Design strategy e First Aid/CPR

* Corporate design e Time management

« Computer literate ¢ People skills

¢ Creative and artistic e Flexible

¢ Photography e Team building

e Analytical skills ® Collaboration
EXPERIENCE

Feb2012 to 07/2021 Designer
Ariens — Kenosha. WI

¢ Submitted rough drafts to clients and management to gain approval.

e Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.

¢ Followed corporate brand guidelines to enable brand consistency across campaigns and marketing programs.

¢ Produced over several hundred original concepts with help of computer programs and hand drawings in my time of
work.

e Assessed inventory levels and ordered new materials, including apparel and viny! supplies needed to accomplish
project goals.

¢ Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.

e Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

e Used Core! and Summa software to create images and layouts.

Sep2009 to Jul2010 Administrative Assistant
Motion Recruitment — Torrance, CA

e Handled management of communication to executives by taking and making telephone calls, reviewing and
prioritizing mail and composing and typing correspondence.

© Updated details in company database by keying in customer contacts and delivery dates.

¢ Developed administrative processes to achieve organizational objectives and improve office efficiency.

e Maintained inventory in supply closet to prevent shortages.

© Coordinated project materials by managing physical and digital files, monitoring spreadsheets and updating reports.

e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel.

e Tracked and submitted employee timesheets to accounting department for payroll processing.

© Monitored attendance records by taking note of staff vacation time, sick days and personal days.

e Planned events and department activities by acquiring venues, developing guest lists and organizing catering
Services.

e Liaised with senior and executive administrative assistants to handle requests and queries from senior managers.

e Verified operation of office equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements and calling for repairs.

Sep2003 to Apr2008 Physical Therapy Technician
Revohealth — Woodbury, MN
e Set up equipment and gear for physical therapy appointments according to treatment plans.
© Helped with basic clinical needs and responded to patient requests.
e Assisted patients during physical therapy procedures to restore function and reduce pain.
e Assisted physical therapist with treatment, administration and planning.
e Supported patients in physical therapy procedures to restore function and decrease pain.
¢ Followed up with patients about needs and appointments.
¢ Promoted continuous patient advocacy for health and safety.
e Advocated for all patient health, safety and rights.
e Performed basic repairs on office and medical equipment.
¢ Observed patients during treatments to compile and evaluate data on responses and progress. providing results to
physical therapists.
e Assisted with treatment administration, therapeutic massages and physical therapy exercises.
¢ Collaborated with care team to discuss patient treatment plans and progress.
e Trained patients in correct use, storage and maintenance of assistive devices.
e Transported patients between examination, treatment and exercise areas following proper safety techniques.
© Monitored supply inventory and reported on ordering needs.
e Maintained therapy spaces and equipment in top condition, including cleaning, sanitizing and inspecting for
damages.
¢ Helped patients with removing or applying assistive braces, splints or slings.
¢ Documented patient progress, treatments, and data in charts.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2003 High School Diploma
Woodward High School - Woodward, OK

Northwestern Oklahoma State University - Alva, OK