Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Artistic Designer with over 20 years of experience working in the Corrugated Container field. Highly adept at Artios Esko drawings
and corrugated sampling. Outstanding time management, organizational and communication skills.

Ingenious Designer with fortes in internal packaging and display packaging and Point of Purchase designs . Successfully completed
projects worth up to $250,000 annual company revenue. Talented at establishing trusting relationships with clients and coworkers.
Committed to ensuring each piece is of quality and excellence.

Whimsical Designer with talents in multiple concept designs and instructions on utilizing designs. Able to work closely with clients
to create original visions, conceive designs and consistently meet deadlines. Capable of working independently or as a part of a
supportive team.

Original Designer with a 20-year background in corrugated design. Proficiency in Barco Artios Esko CAD and Kongsberg Sample
Table. Imaginative, creative and the recipient of the multiple accolades from clients.

Corrugated container designer highly skilled in marketing techniques and product development.

Proficient designer with expertise in cutting die and print plate ordering. Self-motivated, organized and able to thrive in both team-
based and independent settings.

Motivating and inspirational designer with 20 years of experience leading craftspeople in corrugated container development. Proven
strengths in teaching and coaching artists to develop original style and passions.

Well-regarded roughing in artist with 12 years of diverse experience across design parameters and marketing. Extensively skilled in
Adobe Acrobat ,and moderately skilled in Adobe Illustrator, and Photoshop.

Driven designer with a significant history of partnering with renowned entities, including SC Johnson and On The Border.
Successfully packaged and displayed multi products for each client.

Designer able to passionately mentor creative department teams to surpass goals and client expectations.

Results-oriented Packaging Designer accustomed to surpassing expectations in deadline-driven environments.

Enthusiastic and creative Packaging Designer with exceptional flexibility and resourcefulness.

Designer able to offer multiple creative designs simultaneously to surpass goals and client expectations.

Skills

« Computer literate e Art conceptualization

¢ Collaboration skills e Multi-tasking abilities

¢ Creative and artistic ¢ Photography

¢ Analytical skills e Corporate design

¢ Design strategy ¢ Originality

e Sales and marketing ¢ Proper use of electrical tools
e Packaging and shipping ¢ Self-motivated professional
¢ HTML knowledge ¢ Conceptual thinker

* Quick learner e Project proposals

* Time management e Resourceful researcher

¢ Template creation e Sales techniques

*« Managing inventory * Creative design

¢ Microsoft Office Suite expert e Computer-assisted design (CAD)
¢ Strong design sense e Leadership

* Quality Assurance e Clerical Duties

e Planning ¢ Building Effective Relationships
¢ Meeting Deadlines ¢ Organizational Skills

e Customer Service e Receiving

* Spreadsheets e Hand Tools

¢ Shipping e Hand Trucks

¢ Troubleshooting e Microsoft Excel

e Bill Of Lading

Experience

Designer, 06/1998 to 12/2019
Best Buy — Polk City, FL
¢ Submitted rough drafts to clients and management to gain approval.
¢ Thoroughly researched design topics and studied information pertaining to topics.
e Assessed inventory levels and ordered new materials, including corrugated sample sheets and office supplies needed to
accomplish project goals.
e Established design integrity and best strategy for multiple brands.
¢ Partnered with line planner to drive sales and dominate marketplace.
¢ Collaborated with team of designers to offer improvements and direction on others’ projects.
¢ Participated in several professional workshops, meetings, and conferences for corrugated and cardboard designs.
¢ Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions.
¢ Developed cost saving designs and SKU's for customers.
¢ Designed to improve productivity at the clients assembly level and to maintain high machine production levels internally.
¢ Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.
¢ Produced over 200 original concepts with help of computer programs and hand drawings in 2019.
¢ Imagination combined with technical expertise helped increase the company and sales force client base.
e Interacted daily with sales force and clients to make quality samples as requested.
¢ Maintained highest and fastest turnaround time on samples, mostly same day or next day.
¢ Maintained various internal logs that tracked design progress and tools used for designs from cutting dies to print plates.
¢ Interacted directly with multiple house accounts and sales accounts.
¢ Ordered cutting dies and print plates direct from suppliers.
e Wrote PO's and filed electronically with accounting department.

Shipping Manager, 06/1988 to 06/1998
Us Lbm Holdings —- Conway, AR
e Trained and supervised shipping department staff, enforcing company policies and industry best practices.
¢ Optimized shipping and receiving strategies with cost-effective methods, carriers and routes.
¢ Rectified problems such as damages and shortages by collaborating directly with vendor representatives.
e Promoted inventory accuracy and proper records management by comparing shipment contents with paperwork.
¢ Coordinated documents and bills and responded to inquiries.
e Directed materials routing by preparing accurate shipping orders and bills of lading.
e Organized storage areas to maximize efficiency of materials movements and minimize labor required.
¢ Inventoried corrugated carton and corrugated sheet areas every month and addressed discrepancies to maintain recordkeeping
validity.
¢ Used equipment such as forklifts and hand trucks to move materials regularly.
e Stayed up to date on federal DOT and state shipping programs and policies.
e Tracked inventory, conducted cycle counts and audits and resolved issues to maintain accurate records.
¢ Trained staff on material handling processes to reduce shipping times.
e Adhered to company audit rules during inventory counts with 100% accuracy.
e Maintained accurate and current order and shipment forms, inventory documentation and customer records.
e Employed first-in first-out protocols to reduce waste by 74%.
¢ Managed internal relationships to support supply chain and maintain product quality.
¢ Improved efficiency through supervision of § staff working in warehouse and loading along with 20 truck drivers.
¢ Considered specific product requirements and accessibility when managing and organizing storage areas.
¢ Oversaw more than $250,000 in corrugated inventory and supervised § employees in 3 warehouses.
e Managed day-to-day shipping and receiving, typically overseeing more than 800 packages in 24-hour period.
e Examined incoming shipments to verify quantity and quality, returning unacceptable shipments to suppliers for refunds or
replacement.
e Taught annual DOT changes and federal Dot Drug & Alcohol seminars for 20 truck drivers, 2 Human Resources personnel and

clients.

Truck Loader, 09/1986 to 06/1988
Oriental Trading Company — Omaha, NE
e Assisted 3 sorters by loading trucks with assigned packages for over 50 routes.
¢ Read and attached appropriate labels and tags to products and packages for identification purposes.
¢ Returned unused or empty pallets back to correct warehouse space.
¢ Prepared shipments for pickup by labeling and weighing packages.
e Maximized truck space by loading efficiently.
¢ Loaded multiple sized trailers with forklifts to drop freight.
¢ Unloaded initial shipments and placed on correct delivery trucks.
e Filled in and organized partial pallets.
¢ Inspected product load for accuracy and safely transported it around warehouse.
¢ Operated powered lift trucks, floor sweepers, pallet jacks and forklifts safely and with 0% incident rate.
« Communicated with floor managers to determine merchandise placement.

¢ Stacked and transported all overstock to storage areas.

Communications Specialist, 01/1982 to 05/1984
Dignity Health — Durango, CO
¢ Managed multiple projects and tasks simultaneously while managing client expectations.
¢ Maintained professionalism and efficiency while working closely with leadership.
¢ Cultivated network of 3 media and communications professionals to maintain strong partnerships, secure positive coverage and
facilitate quick dissemination of information.
¢ Developed contingency plans and alternative solutions for all projects.
¢ Worked effectively in cross-functional, fast-paced environment to complete radio / communications tasks.
¢ Devised optimal communications strategies to reach target goals.
¢ Analyzed performance of all communication programs to identify best opportunities for optimization.
¢ Coordinated monthly and quarterly PM on all line unit communication equipment for company.
¢ Wrote and published human resources documents and employee guidelines.
¢ Prepared briefings and debriefing's for internal staff and other agencies.
¢ Managed both inbound and outbound communications to generate Intel and to support air support assault teams.
¢ Developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs.
¢ Established production schedules and communicated project status to squads.
¢ Identified, developed and repaired military receivers, transmitters, field telephones, switchboards, teletypes and encryption
systems based on extensive troubleshooting techniques.

Education and Training

Mechanical Drafting Technology
Western Piedmont Community College - Morganton, NC
¢ Ranked in Top 3% of class
e Honor Roll 1985
e Dean's List Honoree winter and spring 1985
¢ Also pursued Machinist certificate.

Additional Information

Volunteer work in the communities from Emcee of local fair to soup kitchens.

Coached wrestling at Bitburg American High School, Bitburg Germany.

Worked with at risk educational students as tutor.

Have been involved with many fundraisers for both private individuals and also larger community based events.

Worked with multiple local bands in promotion, scheduling and sound engineering.