PROFILE

SKILLS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA XXX05 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Mechanical Designer/Drafter/Engineer with 12 years of progressive experience in mechanical design
specializing in field of optical spectroscopy with additional 6 years of experience in mechanical design and
drafting in field of semi-conductor and aerosol valve manufacturing industry.

Proficient in Cadd Programs Vellum, Graphite 2d Able
to do basic engineering calculations have and Xenon
3d modeling programs as well as knowledge G&DT.
AutoCad 2000 & 2002 2d & 3d programs. Have basic
knowledge engineering mechanics Knowledge of
engineering, manufacturing and (statics), strength of
materials, dynamics. machine shop practices. Have
basic knowledge of CNC programing. Able to operate
some machine shop equipment.

« Drafting Prepared welding fixture and fabrication drawings and modifications.

e Make drawings in compliance with company's drafting standards.

e Draw electrical schematics and wire harness drawings for instrumentation.

e Prepare illustration drawing's for instruction manuals for company instrumentation and product line.

« Prepare illustration drawing's of instrumentation and product for quotations and sales orders.

« Quality Control Inspect parts from outside vendors from company's engineering drawings to ensure that
parts are within tolerances and specifications.

e« Prepare assembly and tooling drawings for multi-cavity injection molds.

MECHANICAL DESIGNER/DRAFTER/ENGINEER 10/2002 to 08/2014
HARRICK SCIENTIFIC PRODUCTS, INC | City, STATE

e Designing new products from concept to finish under supervision.

e Designing prototype test fixtures instrumentation being developed under supervision.

e Designing customer specials from customers specification under supervision.

e Work with project manager on new product designs as assigned.

e Work on R&D (research & development) projects as assigned.

e And assign final manufacturing drawing numbers when they became final products.

e Make ECN (engineering change notices) when necessary for manufacturing drawings and new release
packages for new products designs and distribute them to necessary departments after final approval
of engineering manager.

e Make necessary engineering calculations for projects that | was assigned.

e Keep records of time on computer of various projects that | was assigned.

e Revise and update Cad drawing files and documentation and preparing BOM (bill of materials) for
various projects that | was assigned.

e Assist in cost analysis on new projects as well as customer specials when requested by engineering
manager.

e Assemble custom instrumentation and standard products as assigned.

e Order necessary purchase parts, components and material for projects that | was assigned.

e Keep records on computer of work distribution to machine shop using excel program to ensure that
work is done on time for various projects and for cost analysis.

e Request price quotation from outside machine shop vendors on parts and presented the quotes to
engineering manager for final approval.

e |ssue manufacturing part drawings to company purchasing agent on regular basis so that she could
keep necessary inventory parts in stock for product line.

¢ Met once a week with outside consulting engineer on optical layout designs and various new product
projects and customer special projects and R&D (research & development) projects.

e Report to president of the company in meetings twice a month on progress of various projects that | was
assigned.

MECHANICAL DESIGN DRAFTSMAN 11/1980 to 05/1983
EXXON CORPORATION | City, STATE

e Design and drafting of jigs & fixtures, aluminum sheet metal chassis for electrical components and
laboratory test.

¢ equipment for semi-conductor industry.

e Design and drafting, revise of electro-mechanical components laboratory equipment for science
experiments and.

e testing.

MUCHANICAL DRAFTSMAN 07/1977 to 08/1980
PRECISION VALVE CORPORATION | City, STATE

e Made mechanical layouts, assembly, shop drawing's for high speed assembly machinery for the aerosol
industry.

e Made injection mold assembly and tooling drawings and injection molding machines equipment layout
assembly drawings for molding machinery.

e Revise and update mechanical drawing and BOM as required.

e Organized files for engineering and drafting departments.

e Organized and revise customer part drawing files and distributed them as requested for customer.

DIPLOMA WITH HONORS: PROFESSIONAL GUNSMITHING PROGRAM 2014
Ashworth College, Georgia

DIi_LOMA (CERTIFICATE): DRAFTING & MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY 2001
Westchester Community College, Valhalla, New York

Studied mechanical technology program and drafting. Completed most of courses for A.A.S. program in
mechanical technology. (Can provide a transcript of all the courses completed from 1974 to 2001 upon
request.

HIi<H SCHOOL DIPLOMA 1974
Ossining High School, Ossining, New York

3d, 3d modeling, AutoCad 2000, basic, Cad, CNC, concept, consulting, cost analysis, Designing,
documentation, DRAFTING, engineer, engineering manager, experiments, drawing, inventory, laboratory
equipment, layout, machine shop equipment, machinery, materials, mechanical, meetings, excel, progress,
purchasing, research, specification, supervision, test equipment