JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Innovative Interior Designer driven to bring customized design concepts to life in order to guarantee complete customer satisfaction. Ready to
tackle exciting new challenges in similar role with [Company].

SKILLS

e Digital design e Space planning methodology
e 3D rendering software ¢ Digital drafting
e Strong analytical ability e Rendering
e Interior design e Commercial interior design
e Design process e Excellent attention to detail
¢ Sketching e 2D and 3D modeling
e Image manipulation

Work HIsToRy

Lead Interior Designer and Drafter, 09/2020 - Current
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. — Fort Walton Beach, FL
¢ Developed space planning concepts, color palette selections and textile presentations.
¢ Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.
* Originated and developed creative design concepts using ChiefArchitecture and code knowledge that exceeded client expectations.
¢ Developed key client relationships by providing design solutions that met needs and budgets without compromising quality or design
intent.
e Led interior design across conceptual, schematic, design development and construction document phases.
e Participated in furniture selection and documentation of specifications.
* Specified appropriate products and interior as well as exterior materials to meet project objectives and design scheme.
e Carefully reviewed contractor submittals of finish materials.
¢ Prepared LNI submittals and blueprint documents and details to implement design concepts.
e Interfaced effectively with design team members, including contractors and vendors to resolve issues and discuss ideas.
e Successfully resolved technical design issues by using code expertise and space planning knowledge from years of commercial kitchen
design and space planning.
* Designed floor plans, elevations, 3D perspective views and material boards for review and presentation.
* Created professional presentations using ChiefArchitecture, Milanote and Microsoft Office to creatively communicate design intent and
direction.
e Programmed space requirements from schematic design to construction document phase and installation.

¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.

Project Manager/Sales Associate, 04/2014 - 01/2020
Custom Edge Inc — City, STATE
« Maintained tactical control of project budgets and timelines to keep teams on task and achieve schedule targets.
¢ Developed and initiated projects, including managing costs, schedule and performance.
* Developed implementation methodologies to rein in project costs while meeting key milestones.
e Read plans and blueprints and communicated to workers.
e Increased customer satisfaction ratings by resolving all issues professionally.
« Achieved maximum cost effectiveness by providing value engineering for construction means and methods.
e Reviewed project scope, required materials and labor pricing to develop competitive bids.
® Created schedules and roadmaps for projects with budgets ranging from $[Amount] to $[Amount].
e Put together estimates, specifications and other project documents.
e Interviewed, hired and trained new workers.
¢ Kept project on schedule and within budget while serving as project leader.
¢ Developed and initiated projects, including managing costs, schedule and performance.
¢ Developed implementation methodologies to rein in project costs while meeting key milestones.
¢ Read plans and blueprints and communicated to workers.
e Increased customer satisfaction ratings by resolving all issues professionally.
e Achieved maximum cost effectiveness by providing value engineering for construction means and methods.
e Reviewed project scope, required materials and labor pricing to develop competitive bids.
* Created schedules and roadmaps for projects with budgets ranging from $[Amount] to $[Amount].
¢ Put together estimates, specifications and other project documents.
e Interviewed, hired and trained new workers.
e Kept project on schedule and within budget while serving as project leader.

Project Manager/Space Planner, 04/2005 - 03/2014
Clevenger Associates — City, STATE
e Discussed zoning laws, fire regulations and building codes with city and county government agencies.
e Attended all team meetings to resolve technical and project issues, coordinate with team members and review project schedules.
e Reviewed project goals and objectives on monthly basis with project manager and design team.
e Met with municipal building department and other governing agency officials to coordinate approvals.
e Communicated with vendors and contractors to incorporate input in commerical kitchen project designs.
e Created new and innovative approaches to problems and discussed strategies with project managers.
¢ Devised overall strategy for documentation and identified design sets planned for each stage of work including as-built designs and final
building information models (BIM).
e Recommended minor adaptations and modifications to complete working drawing sets.
© Offered friendly and efficient service to all customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
¢ Developed team communications and information for meetings.
e Handled day-to-day running of all national projects - at times up to 35 projects -, ensuring high levels of productivity and progression.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts: Interior Design, 04/2005
Clover Park Technical College - Lakewood, WA