JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Lighting Designer with expertise developing creative vision for lighting, preparing design documents and overseeing installation. Smooth
collaborator when communicating with various music, and event industry professionals to complete quality work. Confident and decisive
when working under pressure.

SKILLS

¢ familiarity with video switchers and running live auctions/ e Good work ethic
presentations. e Flexible schedule

* rigging experience with scissor lifts chain motors etc e Maintenance & repair

¢ familiarity with digital/analog audio boards. ¢ Conflict resolution

¢ familiarity with a variety of lighting fixtures and their set up and ~—« Critical thinking
operation. ¢ Troubleshooting

¢ knowledge and familiarity with different lighting programs. © Reliable & trustworthy

« Communication ¢ Punctuality

e Team management
¢ Organization
¢ Problem resolution

EXPERIENCE

01/2016 to Current Free Lance Lighting Designer
Hdr, Inc. — West Palm Beach, FL
e Oversaw lighting aspects and adjusted during technical rehearsal.
e Devised lighting concepts and planned lighting layouts for visual appeal and to meet functional needs.
e Established light levels, cue fade times and other cues by programming into light board.
© Controlled light board throughout production and promptly corrected issues.
e Prepared lighting plot and instrument sheet to illustrate instruments, dimmers, circuits and focus areas.
© Collaborated with bands and venues to plan and implement lighting installations.
e Gathered sample products to build deep lighting knowledge and collect options for future projects.
© Consulted with lighting director or production staff to determine lighting requirements.
e Assessed wiring and equipment set up to prohibit risk of fire or electrical shock.
e Transported and set up lighting equipment per event requirements.
¢ Followed lighting design plans to properly execute brightness, color and mood.
e Notified supervisors of necessary lighting equipment repairs.
¢ Controlled production lighting through skillful operation of lighting systems.
e Attached colored filters or image patterns onto lighting fixtures to modify ambiance.
¢ Patched or wired lights to dimmers or other electronic consoles.

05/2015 to Current Lighting Designer

Accenture Contractor Jobs — Jefferson, LA

Still on payroll here. I don't work there as much as I used too though.
* Oversaw lighting aspects and adjusted during technical rehearsal.
e Devised lighting concepts and planned lighting layouts for visual appeal and to meet functional needs.
e Established light levels, cue fade times and other cues by programming into light board.
e Controlled light board throughout production and promptly corrected issues.
e Prepared lighting plot and instrument sheet to illustrate instruments, dimmers, circuits and focus areas.
© Collaborated with bands to plan and implement lighting installations.
.
e Created electrical lighting plans to document technical specifications using CAD software.
e Gathered sample products to build deep lighting knowledge and collect options for future projects.
e Disassembled and stored equipment after performances.
e Consulted with lighting director or production staff to determine lighting requirements.
e Assessed wiring and equipment set up to prohibit risk of fire or electrical shock.
¢ Installed electrical cables or wire fixtures.
e Transported and set up lighting equipment per event requirements.
e Followed lighting design plans to properly execute brightness, color and mood.
e Notified supervisors of necessary lighting equipment repairs.
¢ Controlled production lighting through skillful operation of lighting systems.
e Attached colored filters or image patterns onto lighting fixtures to modify ambiance.
¢ Patched or wired lights to dimmers or other electronic consoles.

06/2018 to 11/2022 Production Lead
Mosaic Catering & Events — City, STATE

¢ Integrated professional audio/video systems and provided technical assistance to resolve issues.

e Checked completed work for quality and accuracy.

© Monitored and repaired range of equipment, including audio, video and video conferencing systems.

e Followed specifications to pull and terminate cables.

e Transported and installed equipment for weddings, concerts and other live events.

¢ Employed best practices and safety protocols during equipment installations.

e Used appropriate tools and materials in alignment with safety protocols and industry best practices.

e Trained all employees on company policies and protocols.

e Set up commercial systems, projectors, wired and wireless speaker points. teleconferencing equipment, flat panel
displays and interactive education-based systems.

e Serviced and maintained all audiovisual systems according to project guidelines.

e Responsible for running and maintaining lighting fixtures as well as install via layout for events and weddings etc.

e Ran live sound and lighting for bands, as well as, conferences, auctions, etc.

e Not certified in rigging but, familiar with installing and hanging chain motors and truss from buildings and
structures.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma
L. C. Bird High School - Chesterfield, VA