JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Artistic Designer with over thirty years of experience working in

product, furniture, packaging, retail displays, corporate image, copywriting, editorial and visual communication. Outstanding management,
organizational and communication skills. Works well independently or as part of dynamic team. Works closely with clients to create original
visions, conceive designs and consistently meet deadlines. History of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices. Skilled
in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges. Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and
time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience.

Mixed Media Artist.
Fluent in English and Spanish.
SKILLS
e Analytical skills e Writing copy (English & Spanish)
¢ Creative and artistic e Writing articles (English & Spanish)
e Design strategy * Originality
e Art conceptualization ¢ Collaboration skills
« Computer literate e Multi-tasking abilities
¢ Photography ¢ Teambuilding
e Video creations e Customer service
e Visual communication e Fluent in Spanish
EXPERIENCE

01/2022 to Current Designer
Ibm Corporation — Manassas, VA
e Work with clients via email, phone and in-person to collect information to define design requirements and manage
projects.
¢ Consult on company guidelines relating to tone, style and subject matter, driving layout and design.
e Creat corporate brands including logos and corporate colors.
¢ Design graphics for apparel and consumer products.
e Creat material for presentations, informational purposes , and advertising.
¢ Design digital magazines and brochures.
e Write copy.
e Write articles for digital magazines.
e Design websites for multiple clients.
e Create social media platforms for clients including YouTube, Facebook and Instagram.
e Generate content for websites and social media platform including graphics, photographs and videos.
e Collaborat with clients to define channel content needs.
¢ Create content for social media platforms.
* Use data analysis and reporting tools to identify customer insights and optimize content performance.
e Suggest and implement strategies and tactics to promote engagement on social media.
e Deliver designs to diverse clients on time and within budget.

07/2021 to 12/2021 Restaurant Owner/General Manager
Oink! — City, STATE

¢ Generated the restaurant concept.

e Created the menu concept.

¢ Worked with my Cook in the recipes.

e Designed the logo and corporate image.

e Designed the webpage.

© Created a webpage, and social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.

¢ Created content for social media.

¢ Created printed and online advertising.

e Designed the labels and packaging.

¢ Designed the manual of operations.

e Trained workers in food preparation, money handling and cleaning roles to facilitate restaurant operations.

* Coached team members on sanitation processes, customer service, menu education and up-selling techniques to
drive revenue.

¢ Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity.

© Optimized profits by controlling food, beverage and labor costs.

e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll.

© Updated computer systems, website, apps and electronic menus with new pricing and daily food specials.

e Prepared employee schedules to maintain appropriate staffing levels during peak periods.

e Enforced sanitary practices for food handling, general cleanliness and maintenance of dining and kitchen areas.

© Created detailed reports on weekly and monthly revenues and expenses.

e Responded to customer's comments, reviews and questions.

¢ Maintained safe working and guest environment to reduce risk of injury and accidents.

¢ Complied with health, sanitation and liquor regulations by clearly communicating and reinforcing standards and
procedures to employees.

e Directed and coordinated restaurant activities to obtain optimum customer service and strong employee
development.

¢ Worked in close collaboration with team members to ensure customers received high-quality service.

e Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage and sanitation of food and beverage
products to ensure quality.

¢ Oversaw food preparation, production and presentation according to quality standards.

e Coached staff on strategies to enhance performance and improve customer relations.

11/2018 to 12/2021 Restaurant Owner/General Manager
Tortas Vegas — City, STATE

e Generated the restaurant concept.

* Created the menu concept.

¢ Worked with a renowned Chef in the design of the menu.

e Designed the restaurant layout.

e Designed the interior of the restaurant including fixtures, lighting, furniture and decorations.

¢ Designed the logo and corporate image.

* Designed the webpage.

e Created a webpage, and social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.

e Created content for social media.

¢ Created printed and online advertising.

e Designed the labels and packaging.

e Designed the manual of operations.

e Trained workers in food preparation, money handling and cleaning roles to facilitate restaurant operations.

* Coached team members on sanitation processes, customer service, menu education and up-selling techniques to
drive revenue.

© Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity.

© Optimized profits by controlling food, beverage and labor costs.

e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll.

© Updated computer systems, website, apps and electronic menus with new pricing and daily food specials.

e Prepared employee schedules to maintain appropriate staffing levels during peak periods.

e Enforced sanitary practices for food handling, general cleanliness and maintenance of dining and kitchen areas.

e Created detailed reports on weekly and monthly revenues and expenses.

e Responded to customer's comments, reviews and questions.

e Maintained safe working and guest environment to reduce risk of injury and accidents.

¢ Complied with health, sanitation and liquor regulations by clearly communicating and reinforcing standards and
procedures to employees.

e Directed and coordinated restaurant activities to obtain optimum customer service and strong employee
development.

e Worked in close collaboration with team members to ensure customers received high-quality service.

e Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage and sanitation of food and beverage
products to ensure quality.

e Oversaw food preparation, production and presentation according to quality standards.

¢ Coached staff on strategies to enhance performance and improve customer relations.

05/2015 to 10/2018 General Manager Construction Company
Moonfish Construction — City, STATE
e Worked with Realtor to purchase property.
e Planned renovation project.
© Obtained proper permits and completed job safety analyses prior to beginning each new job.
e Hired contractors and oversaw contracting team to achieve necessary project requirements.
¢ Purchased materials.
e Recruited and hired workers, in addition to supervising and monitoring daily performance, keeping projects on
track.
¢ Resolved labor, design and tool issues during construction.
e Implemented onsite safety protocols and procedures.
e Worked with Realtor to sell the property.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/1989 Bachelor of Arts: Industrial Design
Academy of Art College - San Francisco, CA

06/1985 High School
St. Marks's School - Southborough. MA

06/1982 Junior High School
Fay School - Southborough, MA

Prosect Portrorio, ART WEBSITE

e www_Jessicamanon.com
* www.moonfishgallery.com