Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Fire Sprinkler Designer with more than 15 years of progressive experience specializing in commercial and residential projects.
Results-oriented Designer who works efficiently and effectively to complete projects on time and within budget. Constantly striving
to improve and keep abreast of current Fire and Life Safety Codes and Regulations.

Highlights

¢ Proficient in AutoCad/HydraCad e Project Management

¢ Hydraulic design and analysis expert e Customer-oriented

¢ Permit processing ¢ Invoicing and purchase orders

¢ Building codes and regulations e MS Office

¢ Blueprint fluency e Advanced problem solving skills

e Organized and detail-oriented

Accomplishments

e Project Management:

¢ Worked directly with Architects, Superintendents and other Project Managers to coordinate Engineering and Construction
efforts.

¢ Hydraulic Analysis expert for specified hazards and occupancies.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop Seismic Load Calculations spreadsheet.

¢ Coordinated Fire and Life Safety Inspections for State of California Skilled Nursing Facilities.

Experience

Fire Sprinkler Designer, 01/2006 to Current
Vsc Fire & Security, Inc — Myrtle Beach, SC
Designed and detailed Fire Sprinkler Systems for Permit and Installation using AutoCad/HydraCad.

Identified the most efficient and acceptable resolutions to complex engineering problems for specified hazards and occupancies.

Planned, scheduled and coordinated detailed phases of large-scale projects.

Fire Sprinkler Designer/Project Manager, 01/1998 to 02/2006
Cosco Fire Protection Inc. — City, STATE
Designed and Project Managed multiple large-scale residential and commercial projects.

Monitored and processed RFI's, RFP's, Field coordination, and scheduling.

Education

Non-degree: Fire Protection Engineering, 1996
University of California - Davis - Davis, CA
AutoSprink Certified - 2009. Las Vegas, NV
Affiliations

National Fire Protection Association - NFPA
Office of the State Fire Marshal - Licensed 2012.