JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Iam willing to help with anything and I will get anything done to the best of my ability. I can learn quickly and make sure my work and
dedication are up to par. I’m willing to improve my communication skills, handling expenses, leadership roles, problem solving, etc. I always

want to leave room to learn and grow, even from mistakes.

SKILLS
e Creative and artistic e Sales expertise
e Organizational skills e Team player mentality
* People skills e Reliable and punctual
e Merchandising knowledge * Outgoing personality
* Cash register operation
EXPERIENCE

Designer, 11/2021 - 02/2022
Floor & Decor — Arvada. CO
e Maintain a clean, safe, and lively environment.
© Work at the cashier and handle expenses.
e Assist customers with any needs they may have had.
e Change merchandise tags to show current prices, sales, and discounts.
e Change signage for current sales and discounts.
e Greet customers when they entered the store and ask if they needed to be assisted.
e Check the sales floor at the end of the day and recover any items that may have been purchased or misplaced.
e Work with a hand-held device to do pricing and inventory.
¢ Help customers visualize how they want their rooms to look.
¢ Help with displays and make sure they remain neat.
e Assist with unboxing incoming items and check for damages.
e Answer incoming phone calls and assist the person with any questions they asked.
e Move around furniture and décor to show different
e Assist with returns
e Speak with customer service if there are problems

Sales Associate, 06/2020 - 09/2020
Praxair, Inc. — Niagara Falls, NY
¢ Help with liquidation
¢ Unload trucks, open furniture and smaller items, and make sure everything was accounted for and search for any damaged goods.
¢ Build furniture and display them on the sales floor when it was time to do so.
e Maintain and organize shelves on the sales floor.
* Create displays for customers to get a visual idea of what they wanted or needed.
e Assist co-workers and managers with many necessities.
¢ Operated cash register, collected payments, and provided accurate change.
e Make sure entire store was cleaned during and at the end of the day.
¢ Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.
e Answer incoming phone calls and provide information about products, etc
© Meet with customers to offer assistance with selecting merchandise, finding accessories and completing purchases
* Reset store displays for special events and seasonal merchandise changes
e Provide every customer with comprehensive assistance upon entering store through merchandise selection and completion of purchases.

Recreation Leader, 10/2019 - 02/2020
Montrose Recreation District — Montrose, CO
e Assist with homework (1-e., Math, English, etc.).
e Solve any unexpected conflicts and problems between children.
¢ Built and strengthened relationships with children, families and team members.
e Participated in games and recreational activities which encouraged individuals and staff to join in.
e Assisted with smooth and efficient transitions between arrival, room periods, activities, field trips, snacks and departures.
e Encourage and motivate students and staff
e Make sure the classroom(s) were organized
e Engaged with participants to encourage involvement in different recreational activities.

¢ Prepare for any sudden injuries at playgrounds, field trips, and pools.

Recreation Leader, 09/2016 - 08/2020
Otay Recreation Ctr — Chula Vista, CA
Seasonal Summers and Autumns:
e Engaged with participants to encourage involvement in different recreational activities.
e Built and strengthened relationships with children, families and team members.
e Participated in games and recreational activities which encouraged individuals and staff to join in.
e Assisted with smooth and efficient transitions between arrival, room periods, activities, field trips, snacks and departures.
e Mentored staff and students in safety procedures and protocols to prevent accidents and injuries.
¢ Established long-lasting relationships with both staff members and students to support program success.
¢ Promoted fun, safe and inclusive environment by monitoring activity of campers to identify and address behavioral issues.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Visual And Performing Arts, 05/2023
Naugatuck Valley CC - Waterbury, CT
e I've been attending NVCC to become an Art Therapist.
e I am the President of a Catholic/Christian Club called Newman's Club

Diploma: 06/2015
Crosby High School - Waterbury, CT
e Sophomore to Senior year I was in JROTC and graduated as a Master Sargeant.
e I was given 2 awards for Music (Guitar and Piano)
e Super Senior Supper- Seniors who had no absences and tardies.
e Ireceived many medals. cords, and ribbons from JROTC.