JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Goal-driven Graphic Designer successful at applying technical skills to create art to inform and engage customers. Clear communicator and
collaborative team player with eye for detail and skilled in desktop publishing tools and graphic design software. Maintains technical
knowledge by attending design workshops, reviewing professional publications and participating in professional societies. Multifaceted
Photographer offers portrait and wedding photography expertise coupled with outstanding color balance and correction talents. Assists clients
with choosing right package to fit needs and accurately determines project goals, equipment and lighting needs. Works closely with others to

maintain healthy, friendly work environment.

SKILLS
e Website Design e Attention to Detail
¢ Production Standards * Complex Problem Solving
« Logo Creation ¢ Photo Shoots
e Microsoft Office Expertise e Specialization in Wedding Photography
e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver) e Social Media
e Corporate Branding e National Press Photographers Association
e Graphic and Media Design ¢ Proactive Approach to Problem Solving
e Project Management Abilities e Adobe Illustrator
¢ Digital Graphics e Calm Under Pressure
e Advertising Familiarity e Flexible Creative Approach
¢ Originality and Creativity e Crime Scene Photography
e Image Archiving e Sales and Marketing
« Computer-Based Drawing © Project Budgeting
e Team Collaboration e Inventory Management
e Company Logos © Precise Measurements
Illustration and Design ¢ Color Correction
Illustration Preparation e Time Management
« Illustration Sizing e Camera Setup
¢ Work Planning and Prioritization * Contract Preparation
e Type Selection * Business Development
* Decision Making e Task Prioritization
e Digital Image Generation © Project Scope Creation
* Concept Development ¢ Complaint Resolution
e Chart and Graph Development © Digital Image Creation
¢ Rough Sketching e Exposure Techniques
e Idea Visualization and Brainstorming e Phone and Email Etiquette
e Client Relations ¢ Photography and Videography
¢ Product Illustration e Payment Processing
¢ Design Research © Project Management
¢ Information Research © Creative Lighting
e Esthetic Design Principles e Client Scheduling
e Creative Thinking ¢ Photo Processing
e Design Mockups e Flickr
e Copy Arrangement © Workflow Management
« Layout Design e Relationship Development
¢ Problem Solving e Online Presence Monitoring
¢ Presentation Planning ¢ Digital Photography
¢ Problem-Solving ¢ Commercial Photography
e Verbal and Written Communication e Equipment Maintenance
* Strong On-Set Styling Skills ¢ Brushing and Grooming
¢ Proficient in Final Cut Pro e English Riding
e Large Format Printing e Troubleshooting and Repair
e Excellent Workflow Management ® Stall and Pen Cleaning
¢ Microsoft Suite Proficient e Equipment Operation
« Digital Video e Facility Repairs
e Lighting Expert e Tractor Operation
e Traditional and Digital Printing e Animal Care
e Adobe PhotoShop e Rugging Horses
e Service-Oriented e Horse Grooming
« Image Editing ¢ Heavy Lifting
* Service Oriented e Emergency Preparedness
* Critical Thinking e Snow Removal
e Adobe Creative Suite e Equine Training
e Customer Service e Groundskeeping and Plowing
EXPERIENCE

Owner/Graphic Designer, 01/2010 - Current
Culver Academies — Culver, IN
¢ Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and other promotional
materials.
* Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.
¢ Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
e Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
¢ Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
¢ Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
* Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
e Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.
* Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
¢ Designed interactive graphics for licensed products on compatible consumer platforms.
* Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.
¢ Formatted print and web application designs for projects with varying specifications.
e Maintained company websites updating with new products and corporate announcements as necessary.
¢ Prepared branding packages for point of sale displays, promotional materials and product packaging.
* Created personalized portfolio designs according to rigorous client specifications.
¢ Used Adobe to create images and layouts.
* Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
¢ Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.
¢ Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.
¢ Developed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks for many projects.
¢ Selected, captioned and color-corrected photos for photo sales, website galleries and slideshows.
e Edited digital images lightly or with advanced techniques to create desired effects.
e Managed digital archives of photographs, organized files and protected against loss.
¢ Uploaded digital images for editing, archiving and electronic transmission.

Owner/Photographer, 01/2001 - Current
Wild Feather Photography — City, STATE
¢ Collaborated with clients to plan shoots and boost satisfaction with photos.
e Planned and obtained original shots using innovative thinking and new techniques.
¢ Cropped, manipulated and performed color balance for final images.
¢ Photographed special events, parties and portraits.
e Explained price and package details to customers.
¢ Utilized filters, edits and after-effects to enhance photos.
e Worked with design team to align photography with project specifications.
e Saved and archived images and maintained master image library for future use.
* Scouted locations and curated props for photography shoots.
e Set up lights. backdrops and props for shoots and events.
e Set up camera control equipment, stands and tripods for shoots.
e Tracked studio inventories and ordered new supplies when needed.
e Maintained various studio equipment.
* Collaborated successfully with various personalities and work styles.
© Met productivity quotas, managing workflow to meet demand.
¢ Improvised photographic methods and techniques.
¢ Strengthened membership loyalty, executing flawless customer service and account management.
¢ Boosted revenue, developed marketing strategies, solicited clients and closed sales.
e Automated office operations to manage client correspondence and record tracking and data communications.

e Served as field producer to coordinate scenes.

Stable Hand, 06/1999 - 05/2009
Diamond J Stables — City, STATE
¢ Supported animal health by keeping areas clean, neat and properly sanitized.
¢ Prepared food to meet needs of animals under care with appropriate meals.
e Maintained saddles, bridles and riding gear and helped fit to specific horses.
¢ Prepped horses for travel.
e Washed, groomed and trimmed each animal to enhance coat health.
* Observed animals and conducted examinations to identify signs of injury, illness or disease.
¢ Unloaded and organized supplies and product inventory.
¢ Treated superficial wounds and called in veterinarian assistance for more complex concerns.
e Promoted optimal animal health by feeding and watering on regular schedule.
¢ Followed safety protocols when operating tools and equipment.
© Worked with owner to determine ranch needs.
e Maintained equipment with preventive maintenance and repairs.
* Cared for livestock and monitored health and living spaces.
© Operated ranch equipment for animal care and transport or field irrigation.
e Monitored and maintained property by mending fences, Tilling arenas and Keeping rocks out of jumping arenas.
e Monitored grounds and reported damage or issues to supervisor before making repairs.
¢ Provided water, food, vaccinations and healthcare for approximately 20 horses.
e Monitored livestock health and informed ranch manager of issues.
¢ Prepared horses for travel.
e Groomed horses before competitions.
e Supervised day-to-day activities of hunter/jumper stable.
® Closely monitored and recorded behavior and health of horses and livestock.
e Managed ranch schedules for livestock, special events and crops.
e Maintained hoofs and general health of 20 horses over years.
® Cared for over 20 sick and injured horses and planned, scheduled and attended veterinary visits.
© Reported malfunctioning equipment to support worker engagement and efficient remediation.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
GED
Mountain View High School - Bend. OR

International Beauty School - Springfield, OR

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.

e Award Wining photographer

* Commissioned by Darklady to design and create Darkladys Magazine.
e Featured in Sheltercare for Run for your life 5k race.

WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES

© http://www.wildfeatherphotography.com/
© http://www.babybluesstudio.com/