Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Summary of Qualifications

e Highly experienced award-winning fashion stylist and costume designer who worked on hundreds of
projects included films, music videos, and editorial magazine productions. Managed highly successful
fashion retail business. Responsibilities included employee hiring, coordinating weekly work schedules,
visual merchandising, buying, marketing, visual displays including front windows, customer payouts for
sold consignment pieces and internet sales through our website and Ebay store.

« Extensive experience in all areas of the retail business. Flexible and comfortable in any business
situation.

« Expert image consultant working on significant projects like The New Kids On the Block , Madonna, and
many others.. see credentials below.
Highly regarded film and digital photography skills with over 10k followers on instagram account
@danaallysonstylist
Been hired to photograph party's, portraits, product, interiors, dogs, landscape, artistic, boudoir, events,
weddings, lifestyle and fashion
Excellent, detail oriented photo retouching, knowledge of photoshop and many other retouching
applications
Costume and fashion design skills. Able to execute garment from pattern to product.
Articulate, knowledgeable, inventive, excellent trouble shooter.
Knowledge of all Adobe, Microsoft, Apple software applications and hundreds of other applications

e« Producer of commercial and editorial fashion photo shoots. This includes coordinating model, hair and
make up, locations and photographer bookings

e« Highly creative visual merchandising skill. Respected for my innovative, imaginative vision that is always
modern and ahead of it time.

e Professional, reliable and articulate with ability to manage projects with artistic integrity and innovation

e Self-motivated, articulate, and dependable. Knows how to set effective priorities and meet impossible
deadlines.

e Productive in fast paced, high-pressured atmosphere

« Excellent creative troubleshooting skills. Organized, self-motivated, respectful, and a good listener.

« Budget conscious, always looking for new ways to increase sales through innovative branding and
market planning-Knowledge of technical design and flat patternmaking. Full product development from
concept to finish.

SKILLS © «Edited closets of clients e Retail
e Branding and marketing e Selling
« Designing Costumes e Sales
« Ecommerce e Sketching
e Fashion Editor e Visual
e« Photography e« Merchandising
e Managed Retail Store e Content creation and editing
« Ebay e Written and verbal communications
e Microsoft Office e Image Creator
« Presentations e Reliable and consistent
e Print advertising e Staff mentoring and coaching
« All Adobe and Microsoft Applications e Courteous and polite demeanor

e Purchasing

EXPERIENCE () JESSICA COSTUME DESIGNER-STYLIST 01/1985 to CURRENT
Walt Disney Co. | New York, NY

Lead costume designer for numerous film and television projects, music videos, and print advertising
campaigns. Responsibilities included interpretation of client's image goals, meetings with artist, directors,
agencies and producers to decide and then define their needs. Managing a crew of assistants to execute the
jobs needs and goals in an unusually short period of time making certain that the budget restrictions were
respected. Shopping was done at boutiques. costumes houses, pulled from New York designer showroom
samples or designed and built for them. | often needed to come up with a concept or theme for their image.
This involved illustration and fabric swatching. | often was also responsible for procuring props and set design
needs. When the job was prepped | had fittings for all principle talent, returns of items that were not going to
be used then were made. | supervised all wardrobe and its fit and look for the shoot and prepared the
expense report and finished returns after the job was complete.

DE ADESTWO FOUNDER AND CO OWNER
Self Employed | City, STATE

e Founded hugely successful retail store specializing in vintage couture clothing in Los Angeles and was
responsible for all managerial duties, including appraising and purchasing much of the vintage couture
collection .Co designing retail space.

e Branding and marketing through organized events and Internet submissions.

e Maintained and supervised visual merchandising.

e Performed all buying decisions.

e Developed an ecommerce site and opened an EBay store for the company.

e Was responsible for shooting all digital photography and posting of the auctions.

CC3TUME DESIGNER
Self Employed | City, STATE

e Lead Costume Designer for music videos, commercials, print advertising and film projects.

e Responsibilities included concept design, sourcing desired item, procuring props and wardrobe
requested by client, preparing wardrobe and props for shoot, presentations, required meetings, and
fittings, set dressing, dressing principles as well as extra for production, returns, and expense reports.

e Designer of an inventive line of vintage inspired dresses, t-shirts, pants, and skirts that were featured in
several top fashion publications under the name "danar What To Wear .com

e Full time Ebay business selling vintage couture and designer resale online and offline to hundreds of
private clients many of who own the top vintage stores in the country.

e Sold 1000's of items through ecommerce sales.

e Full service business that involved analyzing the desires of current market by choosing the appropriate
merchandise to auction.

e Executed very attractive detailed photographic images of product.

e Articulated informed and accurate descriptions of displayed item.

e And diligently followed thru fulfilling orders in a timely manner.

e Demonstrated and presented features and characteristics of clothing by standing, turning and walking.

e Collaborated with photographers and stylists to effectively capture [Brand] label and merchandising

standards.

e Organized and maintained accessories and clothing in shooting area, enabling [Job title]s to find items
easily.

e Supervised team of [Number] editors, associate producers and production assistants on wide range of
projects.

e Collaborated closely with various photographers to produce and finish photo shoots.

e Displayed and presented clothing and merchandise for fashion shows.

e Directed all styling and outfitting for theater cast of more than [Number] actors and actresses.

e Produced [Number] television and digital news segments each [Timeframe].

e Reviewed scripts and researched appropriate costumes.

e Recommended fresh styling ideas to the fashion designer.

e Supported product managers and merchants with decision-making and built rapport by accompanying
to market.

e Developed business strategies outlining strengths, weaknesses, new opportunities and risks.

e Directed styling and outfitting for theater cast of more than [Number] actors and actresses.

e Built reputation of credibility and responsiveness with vendors.

e Managed projects according to timeline and seasonal changes.

e Developed visually appealing character styles that married story with director vision.

e Established design integrity and best strategy for multiple brands.

C/CIPAIGN ORGANIZER 03/2016 to 11/2020
Hillary Clinton For President | City, STATE

e Organized team to target assisted living facilities and nursing homes to distribute absentee ballots to
the elderly and disabled community so they would have the opportunity to vote.

e Organized and educated volunteers the protocol for cold calling and door knocking in canvassed
targeted neighborhoods

e Registered unregistered voters at events including Minnesota State Fair

¢ Office Manager for all the lead Organizers

e Photographer for all events used for Social Media

EDUCATION AND © Associate of Arts | Commercial Photography 2008
TRAINING MCTC, Minneapolis, MN

AsCociate of Arts | Business And Photography 1985
New York University, New York, NY

Ba helor of Arts | Fashion Merchandising
Stephens College, Columbia, MO

AsCociate of Arts | Photoshop 09/2018
Los Angeles School of Photograpy

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

Deceiver Universal Studios Dir: Pate Brothers Cast: Tim Roth. Rene Zellweger, Ellen Burstyn, Chris

Penn, Rosanna Marquette

¢ Trigger Effect Universal Studios Dir: David Koepp Cast: Elizabeth Schue, Dermott Mulrooney, Kyle
McLaughlin

e« Mall Rats Universal Studios Dir: Kevin Smith Cast: Ben Affleck, Jason Lee, Shannon Doherty, Joey
Lauren Adams, Claire Forlani

« The Prophecy Miramax Studios Dir: Greg Widen Cast: Christopher Walken, Viggo Mortensen, Elias
Koteas, Eric Stoltz, Amanda Plummer

e« Indiscreet Showtime Dir: Mark Bienstalk Cast: Luke Perry

« Wedding Bell Blues Showtime Dir: Dana Lustig Cast: Paullina Porizkova, Jon Corbett, Ileana Douglas,
Julie Warner

« Immortals HBO Dir: Brian Grant Cast: Chris Rock, Joe Pantiliano, Tony Curtis, Eric Roberts, Tia
Carrera

e Bankrobber Dir: Nick Mead Cast: Patrick Dempsey, Mariska Hargitay, Lisa Bonet

« Red Shoe Diaries Showtime Prod: Zalman King

e Movie Star Universal Studios Cast Harry Hamlin Producer: Jonathon Axelrod, Jaimie Widdows

e DIRECTORS David Fincher, Michael Bay, Dominic Senna, Simon West, Antoine Fucqua, Jesse Dylan,
Kier McFarland, Ben Stiller, Julian Temple, Stephan Frears, Matt Mahurin, Kevin Smith, Davis Kellog,
Kevin Donavan, Nigel Dick, Steve Horn, Andy Morahan, Jonas& Joshua Pate, Geoff McGann, Ken
Nahoum, Jeff Preiss, Michael Karbelnikoff, Rebecca Blake, Zack Snyder, Mark Beinstalk, Marcus Nispel,
Graham Henman

« CLIENTS Nike, Coca Cola, American Express, Revion, L'Oreal, Apple Computer, McDonalds, AT&T,

Miller Beer, Federal Express, Sprite, Cover Girl, Toyota, GTE, Visa, Maybelline, Coors, Sara Lee, Oil of

Olay, Budweiser Beer.