Maria Rojos

Professional Graphic Designer

Dynamic and innovative professional with 6+ years of invaluable hands-on experience in handling several simultaneous creative design
projects, concept creation, graphic design, animation, and visual conceptualization. Equipped with the ability to escalate brand awareness
by utilizing skills gained in the creative industry, being able to identify opportunities, overcome objections, build long-term mutually
beneficial relationships with vendors, workforce, and clients, establishing a successful and lucrative company.

maria@novoresume.com ] (123) 600 2019 ., Toronto, Canada

WORK EXPERIENCE

=

Professional Graphic Designer

Freelance — Orange Media @

08/2018 — Present

Achievements

® Establish and manage a Freelance graphic design business that aims
to assist companies in brand development.

ed

® Spearhead visual identity including brand positioning, promotions,
and digital marketing For different companies.

® Develop creative advertising content for various media, including
catalogs, menus, business cards, Flyers, posters, t-shirts, and
product packaging while ensuring maximum brand awareness of
target audience/market.

=

» Conceptualize logo design, gif animations, videos, websites, and
social media channels to promote product brands.

Leverage rebranding expertise in enhancing client's corporate
image to ensure profitability and business growth.

Graphic Designer

BIDA KUH Marketing & Media @

03/2015 - 07/2018

Achievements

® Produced both eCommerce and non-eCommerce creative website
layouts and content For the use of clients.

is

Created designs, concepts, and sample layouts, based on
knowledge of layout and esthetic design concepts.

® Prepared illustrations and rough sketches of material, discussing
them with clients, and making necessary changes.

® Developed graphics and layouts For product illustrations, logos, and
websites mirroring company brand style.

Graphic Designer

Blue Lens Media Corp @

05/2013 - 02/2015

Achievements

® Utilized After Effects and other computer proficiency in making
motion graphic animations for video productions.

Performed video and sound editing for diverse ads while ensuring
high-quality media productions.

ES

Coordinate with the client to successfully create prolific social
media graphics suitable For target marketing.

€ maria-rojos.com instagram.com/maria_rojos

Bed
nl
Li
Be P|
i i
=—
8)
—
==
I

4

oe ay 2 — pan
Af FAS Cc 3-
_- pm J

ae ate

| Visual Design & Storytelling _ Typography

| AQVANC ed Graphic ve esig In Media Froduction

phi FD ee lenge rcp Ge paiement
| Infographics Desig gn | Dynamic Visual Design

Adobe Suite
Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects and InDesign

Coding
HTML, Java & CSS

Content Producer - Personal Youtube Channel
(09/2018 —- Present) @

® Developed concept and overall content of my personal YouTube
channel.

® Edited videos for proper timings of audio and texts while
choosing a creative video thumbnail for uploading.

® Reached 10.000 subscribers in the First year.

Graphic Artist @ 2017 Cancer Awareness Campaign

® Led the creative process and developed innovative concepts For
the 2017 Cancer Awareness Campaign.

® Provided infographics and other materials and posters For the
use of the Ontario Cancer Awareness Foundation.

MS

Bachelor of Fine Arts in Visual Arts
University of Toronto
2011-2014

(=| Video Games ab: Artificial Intelligence

no) Photography A Renewable Energy