JESSICA CLAIRE
D

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Before I was a professional, I am an Individual who Keenly respects the value of aspiration. Surely, life would be vain without purpose. As a
Christian, I'm morally compelled to strive and press the boundaries of my faculties. My best efforts demonstrate my truest value, given that an
outcome is merely the result of an initiative. If a man is driven to produce substance, he can never be the only beneficiary. Considering that he
cannot inhale and exhale simultaneously, he must assume that there is a purpose to the order. As I receive oxygen I must give carbon dioxide
in order to continue living and thrive. It is this purpose that drives my every motive, the principle that inspires me to excell both personally
and professionally. "Freely you have received, freely give." This does not indicate that the challenge will always be within my competency, so
I must remind myself that "A ready and persevering spirit even met with opposition will learn the hardest of lessons, though it may take
seasons to learn." ~Jessica Cato C. So yes, as a Graphic Designer, Support consultant and humble worker, I aspire to soon wear many other
hats in service to my fellow men, with the deliberation and purpose of a Christian.

SKILLS

¢ Prioritization and Time Management e Customer Complaint Resolution

e Verbal and Written Communication © Logo Creation

¢ Scheduling and Calendar Management e Advertising Familiarity

e Research and Data Analysis © Graphic and Media Design

e Customer Service-Oriented ¢ Corporate Branding

« Call Answering and Routing ¢ Company Logos

e Attention to Detail e Design Mockups

¢ Microsoft Office Suite © Rough Sketching

« Microsoft Office ¢ Computer-Based Drawing

¢ Data Entry and Database Software e Presentation Planning

« Computer Proficiency e Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver)

e Customer Service © Website Design

* Positive Attitude and Energetic e Design Research

« Listening Skills e Digital Image Generation

« Customer Assistance and Interaction Illustration Sizing

¢ Technologically Savvy e Creative Thinking

¢ Oral and Writing Communication e Originality and Creativity
EXPERIENCE

04/2016 to Current Graphic Designer
Live Nation Entertainment Inc — Orlando, FL
¢ Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
© Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
e Prepared branding packages for point of purchase displays, marketing materials and product packages.
© Created personalized portfolio modeling designs to deliver unique, customized portfolios to each client.
e Used Inkscape and Gimp to create images and layouts.
¢ Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
© Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.
e Adjusted images sizes and selected fonts for Branding projects.
e Tested product designs utilizing models, prototypes and computer-aided technology.
e Formatted print and web application designs and media to deliver production-ready graphics.
¢ Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
e Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
e Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
© Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.

11/2020 to 03/2022 Front Desk Receptionist
Schulte Hospitality Group — Grandville, MI
e Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.
¢ Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
e Received incoming calls and coordinated with hotel staff to fulfill requests and resolve issues.
e Prepared daily shift close reports and balanced cash register to accurately reflect all transactions.
e Responded to inquiries and room requests made online, by phone or email.

07/2016 to 09/2019 Staff Member
Mcdonald's Uk — Kettering, OH
e Trained new employees in customer service and service positions to support team efficiency.
¢ Communicated with customers regarding order processes to maintain satisfaction.
e Managed safe and efficient serving of customer foods.
e Processed payments, issued receipts and provided change.
¢ Completed regular and thorough cleaning of equipment, floors and furniture.
© Met incoming customers pleasantly and offered support and service.
e Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes to streamline operational planning.
e Assisted organizational efforts by filing, entering data and answering phones.
¢ Managed provider calendars by adding new appointments and rebooking patients to accommodate last-minute
schedule changes.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

07/2014 High School Diploma

Campbell High School - Smyrna, GA
LANGUAGES

English:

Negotiated:
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
¢ Improved delivery of Services by supply, realizing overall increase in customer satisfaction and cost efficiency.

Wessrrtes, Portroxios, PROFILES

* catographics.one
¢ https://dribbble.com/Jessicacato
¢ https://www-.upwork.com freelancers/~018617c8f9c03 1b400?viewMode=1