SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

An AWS DevOps Engineer with around 7 years of experience in Various platforms. Good practical skills with interesting Tools and
Technologies. Experience on Server Infrastructure, Migration, Monitoring, Automation and Security.

SKILLS

AWS, Cloud Migration, Cloud Cost Optimization, Infrastructure
Monitoring, Chef, ANSIBLE, Jenkins, GOCD, IBM ISAM, GIT,
NEWRELIC, SPLUNK, GRAFANA, DIVVY CLOUD,
TERRAFORM, Shell scripts, DOCKER, EKS, PACKER.

EXPERIENCE

01/2021 to Current

02/2020 to Current

DevOps Engineer
Koch Industries, Inc. — Martinsville, VA

e Automated application build and deployment, driving efficiency of code development process.

e Performing Automatic deployments in Dev, IT, CT, PRE-PROD, PROD environments by daily and weekly basis
by using Ansible and Jenkins.

e Creating multiple jenkins jobs for day to day activities and also deploying new jar files with version numbers into
the Nexus Artifactory.

e Creating and updating change request also handling change management in daily basis.

e Working with developers and QA team for validating changes and fixing issues.

¢ Working with IBM ISAM for for validating and deploying the new changes in each individual host.

e Worked on SSL certificate updates and generating expired certificate report and renewing the CERTS using
VENAFI.

¢ Working with Ansible scripts creating new recipes and roles as per the requirement.

e Building new CentOS server and configuring with Ansible playbooks.

e Analyzing the Itrack tickets and updating, and deploying changes into various environment as per the request.

AWS DevOps Engineer
Management Decisions, Inc. — Agoura Hills, CA

¢ Responsible for building and maintaining infrastructure AMT's.

* Worked on secret manager and SSH authentication POC’s like Teleport. hashicorp Vault.
e¢ Automated AMI build process using Ansible roles and playbooks.

e Install and configure Ansible towers to build servers and deploy the configuration.

© Created playbooks for tomcat to deploy static and dynamic content.

* Created playbooks for start/stop/restart operations and to manage data.

e Created playbooks to create users in mysql and LDAP.

¢ Created Jenkins pipelines for automating AMI build process into various AWS accounts.
e Automated Termination of AMIs and snapshots in periodically.

e Worked on SSH KEYPAIR mechanism for securely maintaining and storing secrets.

¢ Developed and maintained Hashicorp Vault for ec2 ssh authentication and secret store.

e Involved in development of Grafana and Global Prametose.

¢ Involved in Airflow containerization from amazon ec2.

e Building and maintaining EMR transient cluster for teams using terraform modules.

¢ Building and maintaining EKS clusters using terraform modules.

e Worked on upgrading EKS clusters upgrades from one version to another version.

* Worked on updating Jenkins master and slaves from amazon linux 1 to amazon linux?2.

e Knowledge and involved Airflow containerization.

e Spend some time on LAM Role setup and user authentication and MFA.

02/2017 to 01/2020 DevSECOps Engineer

Rtx — Tucson, AZ

e Support Application teams to create and manage their apps and resolve issues by working along with them.

e Automating the infrastructure as much as possible using terraform and shell.

e Build the POC for Java and Node Js applications deployment in ECS and Elastic beanstalk using terraform and
Jenkins.

¢ Deploy and monitor infrastructure tools like AWS, Chef, BMX(Jenkins), GOCD, Sensu, Newrelic, and Rundeck,
SignalFX.

e Automate infrastructure as code for building AWS, new relic resources using terraform.

e Working on Venifi certificates and upload to AWS certificate managers, load balancer and Akamai.

¢ Collaborate in the automation of AWS infrastructure via terraform, troposphere, GOCD and Jenkins - software and
services configuration via chef cookbooks.

e Working on migrating from GOCD pipeline to Jenkins.

¢ Configuring Chef to build up services and applications on the instances once they have been configured using
cloud formation.

e Experience in Akamai user management and configurations.

e Experience in verify certificate management and renewal and upload to AWS IAM, AWS certs manager and
Akamai flush.

e Extensive experience in Maintaining infrastructure as secure and upgrading versions using chef, also experience in
vulnerability Patching , Kernel upgrades.

e¢ Worked on System/Apache OpenSSL minor/major version Upgrades using Cookbooks.

e Worked on multiple Web Application services major/minor version upgrades like Java, Nodejs, Apache.

e Working on shell scripting, Ruby Scripting and Python.

¢ Provided security and managed user access and quota using AWS Identity and Access Management (LAM),
including creating new Policies for user/role management.

e Automated this process using Terraform along with Terragrunt.

e Writing Chef cookbooks, recipes, roles and Data Bags and uploading them on to the chef server for the instances
that are configured with the changes pick up the latest code.

¢ Worked on creating SES mail and testing with local clients for application teams.

e Experience with Docker and Test kitchen for testing the chef cookbooks locally before deploying.

e Worked on inspecting test cases for testing AMI’s and chef cookbooks.

e Worked on Splunk for logging application log files of an instance to the Splunk.

e Responsible for quarterly AMI patches, security and releases.

¢ Proficient with GOCD for continuous integration and continuous deployment and for End-to-End.

e Experience in source control systems like SVN, GITHUB.

« Responsible for upgrading for GitHub, Central Nike GitHub Enterprise.

¢ Monitored server alerts using Sense and new Relic and setting up alerts for all servers for CPU monitoring, disk
usage, Memory usage.

e Worked on migrating Artifactory data to central Artifactory and also responsible for applications, to cut over to
new one.

e Experience on automating infrastructure using Jenkins and Terraform.

e Involved in review, status meeting and coordinated with team members.

¢ Communicating with different application team members and coming up with solutions for problems.

e Experience in maintaining in-house system administration.

e Training various application teams with the concepts of DevOps used at our Infrastructure.

e Worked in a team which 1s responsible for disaster recovery by launching all the application stacks in different
regions.

¢ Worked On making POC’s, best practices and pre-build templates for Serverless Application build and deployment.

e Environment: AWS, Cerberus, Nodejs, Artifactory, newrelic, Kubernetes, Terraform, terragrunt, Github, Chef,
Docker, Sensu, Lambda, GOCD, CircleCI, SingleFX, Jenkins, Rundeck, Divvycloud.

12/2012 to 01/2015 Intern/Jr. DevOps Engineer/ Linux Administrator

Waltair Information Technologies PVT LTD — City, STATE

¢ Involved to design and build multiple RHEL6.x servers to include OS hardening RHEL5.x/6.x mission critical
Oracle RAC Cluster, and VSF and make ready for App/DB Team.

e Used Maven release Plugin to support the release of various application snapshots.

e Install-configure-maintain the Linux servers, DNS, DHCP, SMTP, SSHD.

¢ Uses LVM creating Volume Groups, Logical volumes and disk mirroring in Linux.

e Setting up and troubleshooting user workstations based on RedHat Linux.

e Account, user and group administration, Permissions policy management and quota implementation, User and
Group Administration.

e Worked on User management and group management.

e System performance monitoring, tuning and log management, TCP/IP Networking troubleshooting and Linux
Network Administration.

e Assign Roles, manage Users and groups and assign policies using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

¢ Host file entries, mount point creation, user account unlock and other issue resolution.

¢ Job scheduling for users using Crontab.

¢ Worked on Jenkins to build and test the applications.

e Worked on Jenkins pipeline issues.

¢ Monitoring, creation, acknowledgment and categorization of tickets.

¢ Disk Space and Logical Volume manager (LVM) Management in Linux.

¢ Installing configuring and troubleshooting mail servers Postfix.

¢ DHCP Server configuration automating the setting up of IP, Name Server and Gateway.

e Using LVM (Logical Volume Manager) tools extend Linux Security Services: IP tables, SELinux, Firewalld.

© (Accept & Reject different services like FTP, SSH etc.).

e Configure kernel parameter on Linux servers.

e YUM package repository configuration on Linux servers Backup and restoration using arching tools (tar).

e Configuring and administration of FTP, NFS, SAMBA, APACHE servers.

¢ Configuring DNS, DHCP and MAIL server.

e Patching: using yum and rpm.

¢ Troubleshooting the Booting issue.

e Aware of most of the booting issues and know how to fix it.

¢ Preparing shell scripts for automation of generalized repeated processes.

e Performing all Linux Administration tasks independently.

e Installing physical server and OS (RHEL6, RHEL7) Environment: Rhel, Server configurstions, AWS, Github,
Cronjob, LVM.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science Engineering, JNTU
Jyothishmathi College of Engineering - Hyderabad

Master of Science: Computer Science & Information Technology
Sacred Heart University - Connecticut

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Certified Red Hat Certified System Engineer (RHCE).
¢ Certified Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA).