JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DevOps Engineer with 3 years of experience obtained multiple certifications. Expert in designing and building effective Continuous Integration
and Delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using containerization, orchestration, monitoring, infrastructure automation tools, configuration management
tools, and AWS solutions. Passionate about automation of IT processes. Capable of using Jira as a project management tool and Agile
methodology as a project management method. Successful in teamwork studies and have strong empathy where diffJessicat aspects including
body language and leadership skills are used. Experienced in multicultural environments and armed with notable communication, time
management, and problem-solving aptitudes.

WorK HISTORY

DevOps Engineer, 06/2021 - Current
Bigbear.Ai — Laurel, MD
¢ Deployed multiple tools (Jenkins, Grafana, Nexus, Prometheus, Ingress Controller) on EKS using Terraform and Helm Charts
¢ Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic apps into microservices, improving developer workflow, and optimizing
speed.
e Set up event monitoring and alerting in Prometheus and create monitoring dashboards using Grafana for Kubernetes
e Designed, built, and maintained AWS infrastructure with Terraform and Jenkins for diffJessicat stages such as Dev, QA, and Prod
environments.
e Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, created Pods on EKS.
e Built CI/CD pipelines while incorporating automated testing and vulnerability scanning.
* Created Ansible playbooks to automatically install packages from repository, to change configuration of remotely configured machines.
¢ Used Terraform to build and manage AWS infrastructure and services including VPCs, Subnets, Internet Gateways, NAT, Route Tables,
ASG, ELB, EC2, RDS, ECS, and $3 buckets.
¢ Deployed applications using automation and orchestration throughout the entire software development lifecycle.
* Deployed production-ready, load-balanced, highly available, and fault-tolerant three-tier applications with Terraform while utilizing AWS
Fargate.

Cloud Engineer, 07/2020 - 06/2021
Pearson — Champaign, IL
® Utilized code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques to design, plan and integrate cloud computing.
¢ Supported technical solutions to fulfill business needs, resolved issues, and enhanced the company's efforts to define, analyze, and
documenting requirements.
¢ Provisioned AWS services using AWS CLI/API, defining VPCs, Security Groups, LBs, Auto-Scaling.$3,DynamoDB.EC2.RDS ECS, IAM
Policies/Groups, and Route53.
e Identified, analyzed, and resolved infrastructure vulnerabilities and application deployment issues.
* Used a wide variety of technologies, including open source technologies, cloud services (AWS, Azure), CL/CD, Terraform, Git, Ansible,
Jenkins, Packer, Docker. and Kubernetes
e Used metrics to monitor application and infrastructure performance using Prometheus and Grafana.

Intern, 11/2019 - 07/2020
Arizona State University — Tempe, AZ
¢ Sorted and organized files, spreadsheets and reports.
e Analyzed problems, identified solutions and made decisions.
e Worked directly with the development team to implement and improve Cloud applications.
¢ Implemented the applications and components through cloud application development
*« Documented designs, built, automated test and deployed cloud applications.
e Attended project team meetings with cloud application team as appropriate.
e Participated in data collection, analysis, and recommendations.

IT Support Specialist, 02/2018 - 08/2018
Aza — Seattle, WA
* Created help desk tickets, troubleshot and resolved desktop issues.
e Prepared new computers and mobile devices according to internal policies on standardized software and security deployments.
e Performed scheduled service work, installations, testing and repairs.
« Maintained on-prem servers for e-commerce website
e Executed troubleshooting and server support in both in-person and remote situations.
¢ Provided secondary training to personnel struggling with technological tools and systems.

CERTIFICATIONS

« CKAD: Certified Kubernetes Application Developer The Linux Foundation
¢ CKA: Certified Kubernetes Administrator The Linux Foundation

¢ HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate HashiCorp

« AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate Amazon Web Services (AWS)
e AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Amazon Web Services (AWS)

SKILLS
« DevOps Systems e Jenkins / GitLab
e Kubemetes e Nexus / Maven
© Docker Products © Prometheus / Grafana
e Terraform e Git / GitHub
e Amazon Web Services (AWS) e Python / Linux / Bash
© Helm / Ansible e SQL / HTML / CSS
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts: Economics, 06/2020
University of Illinois At Chicago - Chicago, IL
Associate of Science: Finance, 06/2020
University of Illinois At Chicago - Chicago, IL
LANGUAGES

English: Turkish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: