Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY © Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and
exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Hardworking and reliable

[Job Title] with strong ability in [Task]. Offering [Skill] and [Skill]. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with
team-oriented mentality.

Diligent [Job Title] with [Number] years of experience. Known for effective [Type] systems improvements and
careful attention to infrastructure and operational procedures. Excellent diagnostic abilities with advanced
technical expertise. Proficient in [Software] and [Type] resources. . Intends to develop professional work
experience utilizing excellent communication and time management skills.

SKILLS © « Software Management e Source and Version Control: Git, Github
e Disaster Recovery e Continuous Integration Systems
« Team Collaboration e« Time Management and Organization
« Data Backup e Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving
« Performance Monitoring and Optimization e Task Prioritization
e Verbal and Written Communication e« Linux Environments
e Virtual Machine Operation e CRM Software
e« Self Motivation e Debugging and Troubleshooting
« VMware and Oracle VM e Software Deployment
« Permissions and Access Control e Data Warehousing and Analytics
« Teamwork and Collaboration e Amazon Web Services
« Agile/Scrum Methodology

EXPERIENCE ©) DEVOPS ENGINEER 07/2022 to CURRENT

Centric Consulting | Miami, FL

e Engaged consistently with mentees through designated contact points using various methods.

e Assisted in connecting students and families to community-based support resources and other services.

e Prepared students for later educational experiences by encouraging to explore learning opportunities
and persevere with challenging tasks

e Launch EC2 servers using AMI's and configuring servers for specified applications

e Used CI/CD tools to build/continuous deployment automation using Jenkins.

e Managed deployments in Kubernetes, creating clusters and deploying applications into containers.

e Integration terraform with kubernetes cluster, creation deployment on cluster.

e Manage and automate environments with tools like Ansible Playbooks.

e Experience with Automation and Configuration Management Tool like Ansible.

e Work on improvements including the development, automation, and integration.

e Developed and maintained CI/CD pipelines for code deployment.

e Built and maintained Kubernetes cluster on Google Cloud using Helm and Terraform.

e Upgraded Kubernetes Dev/QA/Prod environment to newer version.

e — Utilized Hashicorp Packer to create necessary type of machine images.

e Implemented Packer scripts for golden images

e Designed and implemented scalable and highly available Cloud Architecture on Amazon Web Services.

e Configured Route53 DNS hosted zones to serve users on the web.

e Maintained static web sites using S3 bucket and Route53.

e Deployed a production ready, load balanced. highly available, fault tolerant, auto-scaled infrastructure
leveraging Terraform.

e Created different container images with Dockerfile.

CLOUD ENGINEER 04/2021 to 02/2022
Pearson | Dallas, TX

e Provided status updates to keep upper management informed and to reach goals.

e Built and oversaw network infrastructure comprised of various virtual products.

e Verified stability, security and scalability of system architecture.

e Oversaw team in completing job tasks quickly and accurately with appropriate use of instruments and
tools.

e Planned, tested and supported high-availability infrastructures.

e Performed data backups and disaster recovery operations.

e Analyzed equipment performance records to determine need for repair or replacement.

e Created AWS AMis using Packer.

e Managed IAAC through Terraform

¢ Containerized most of company applications

e Hands on experience of AWS and coming trends in the Cloud space

e Participated in planning and architecting of our infrastructure on Amazon Web Services

e Actively managed. improved, and monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS

e Used Terraform for creating subnets, security groups, route tables and ACL's

e Created and updated AWS AMI Images Using Packer

e Experienced in working with S3, DynamoDB, API Gateway, IAM, and other core AWS technologies

e Developed continuous delivery pipeline in Cloud

e Designed and implemented scalable and secure Cloud Architecture on AWS

e Leveraged VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) to build secure, highly scalable and flexible systems that handle
expected and unexpected load bursts

e Experienced on AWS EC2 Instances creation, setting up VPC, launching EC2 instances on private and
public subnets based on the requirements for each of the applications

e Worked on AWS ASG providing high availability of applications and EC2 instances based on the load

e Experienced in architecting and supporting highly available and highly scalable infrastructure

CCOISULTANT 10/2017 to 04/2021
Livingston International | Fremont, CA

e Contributed to requirements gathering and design development meetings.

e Identified opportunities for process improvements to decrease in support calls.

e Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop
effective solutions.

e Maintained data cleanliness and accuracy by adding custom validation rules and custom formulas,
reports and dashboards.

e Provided technical guidance for system development and troubleshooting.

e Coordinated and enhanced existing databases and established new databases as part of initiative.

e Provided status updates to keep upper management informed and to reach goals.

e Compared online data with source documents and made corrections or consulted information sources
when errors were found.

e Used statistical software to analyze and process large data sets.

e Followed industry innovations and emerging trends through scientific articles, conference papers or
self-directed research.

e Cleaned and manipulated raw data.

e Maintained schedule of class assignments to meet deadlines.

¢ Worked with team members and leadership to identify and develop process improvements.

e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs.

e Researched and prepared reports required by management or governmental agencies.

e Processed and sent invoices, adjustments and credit memos to customers.

e Reviewed vendor documentation to comply with payment guidelines.

e Managed numerous client accounts to track and collect money owed.

e Increased professional knowledge and training to remain focused on long term objectives.

e Supported staff training, development and evaluation.

EDUCATION AND () Master of Science | Administrative management
TRAINING NTUU KPI, Kyiv

Mister of Science | Public Administration
Municipal Academy, Kyiv

Bahelor of Science | Sociology

NTUU KPI, Kyiv
LANGUAGES © Ukrainian: Russian:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
English: Italian:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
WEBSITES, © «Linkedin
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES
CERTIFICATIONS © e [Area of certification], [Company Name] - [Year]

e [Area of certification], [Company Name] - [Year]