PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

WORK HISTORY ©

SKILLS

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Dynamic DevOps engineer skilled at developing complex solutions possessing strong creative thinking skills,
high energy and integrity. DevOps Engineer with expertise in all aspects of the software development life
cycle, including requirements analysis, design, development and production support.

DEVOPS ENGINEER 04/2016 to CURRENT
Bae Systems | Aiken, SC

« 6yearsofexperienceasaBuildand Release DevOpsEngineeringin automating, building, deploying, and
releasingofcodefromoneenvironment to otherenvironment.

e« Experienceinworkingon sourcecontroltoolslike Tortoise SVN, CVS.IBMClearcase, Perforce,
StashandPVCS.

« Hands on experience in installing and administrating Cl tools like Hudson/Jenkins &Subversion.

« Performed DevOps for Linux, Mac and Windows platform.

e Develop Python scripts for software build conduct and management support.

« Conduct systems design, feasibility and cost studies and recommend cost-effective cloud solutions such
as Amazon Web Services (AWS).

« Working experience with DevOps practices in application technology including continuous integration
and delivery processes using Jenkins, Bamboo, CruiseControl, Ansible, Chef or Puppet.

e Expert level knowledge on Amazon EC2 and Amazon SC3.

e« Experience in running web scale services on Amazon Web Services (AWS).

« Experience in Cassandra Database configurations.

« Designed and implemented a Cassandra no SQL based database.

« Associated RESTtful web service that persists high -volume user profile data for vertical teams using
Cassandra no SQL.

« Experience in Continuous Integration System which includes automated testing.

« Having a knowledge on Administering Continuous Integration (Cl).

« Hands-on experience on Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate
repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.

« Experience in development and configuration experience with software provisioning tools like Chef,
Puppet.

« Created various modules and manifests in Puppet.

« Experience of Jenkins/ Hudson, VS Build Pro, Apache Ant, Apache Tomcat, Subversion, Git, Maven.

e Installed and configured an automated tool Puppet that included the installation and configuration of the
Puppet master, agent nodes and an admin control workstation.

e In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management
(SCM).

e« Expertise in writing Puppet's DML (Declarative Modeling Language) scripts and helped declare and the
documented each system's state for future references.

« Responsible for the implementation, administration and maintenance of REDHAT Enterprise Linux.

« Installed and configured RED HAT Enterprise Linux 5.

e« ExtensiveexperienceusingMAVENand ANTasbuildtoolsfor thebuildingofdeployable artifacts (jar,
war&ear)fromsourcecode.

« Monitored Servers and LinuxScripts regularly and performed.

« Extensivelyworked onHudson, Jenkins, TeamCity andBamboo forcontinuousintegration and forEnd to
End automation forallbuildand deployments and extensive experience with Version Control Tools likes
Rational Clear Case, Rational Team Concert(RTC).

« Build Puppet Manifests and also developed Puppet modules to automate deployment.

« Created Custom Puppet modules for bootstrapping new servers with required application dependencies
and packages.

e« Strong knowledgeon source controllerconceptslikeBranches,Mergesand Tags.

« Worked with Engineers,QA, businessand otherteams toensureautomated testeffortsaretightly
integratedwith thebuildsystemand infixingtheerror whiledoingthedeploymentand building.

« Exposedto allaspectsofsoftwaredevelopmentilife cycle(SDLC)such asAnalysis, Planning, Developing,
Testing, and Implementingand Post-production analysisof theprojects.

e« Expert indeployingthecode through web applicationserverslikeWebSphere/Web Logic/ Apache Tomcat/
JBOSS.

« Abilityin developmentandexecution ofXML, Ruby, ShellScriptsandPer|Scripts, Powershell, Batch
scriptsand Bash also.

e Efficientin workingcloselywith teams toensurehigh qualityandtimelydeliveryofbuildsand releases.

« Having good Experience in DevOps tools likeChef and Puppet for Deployment on Multiple platforms.

« Automated application deployment in the cloud using Docker technology using Elastic Container
Service scheduler.

e« Created and managed a Dockerdeployment pipeline for custom application images in the cloud using
Jenkins.

e« Maintained and managed nomad and consul key value storage for micro service architecture using
Docker for services.

e Basic understanding of Hardware RAID & Vagrant.

« Working knowledge of IBM WebSphere MQ.Excellentexperienceindocumentingand automatingthebuild
and releaseprocess.

¢  Abilityin managingallaspectsofthesoftwareconfiguration managementprocessincludingcode compilation,
packaging/deployment/ release methodology, and application configurations.

e Expertise in QueryingRDBMSsuchasOracle, MYSQLand SQLServerbyusingSQLfor dataintegrity.

« Experiencein usingBug trackingtools likeJIRA,Remedy, HP QualityCenterand IBM ClearQuest, Mingle
Excellentcommunicative, interpersonal, intuitive, analysisandleadershipskillswithabilityto workefficientlyin
both independentand teamworkenvironments.

e Proficient in tracing complex build problems, release issues and environment issues in a multi-
component environment.

« Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.

« Implemented designs, including experimentation and multiple iterations.

e Modified existing software to correct errors, upgrade interfaces and improve performance.

e  Interfaced with business analysts, developers and technical support to determine the best requirement

specifications.
e Worked closely with other team members to plan, design and develop robust solutions in a timely
manner.
DECOPS ENGINEER 08/2014 to 03/2016

Bae Systems | Quantico, VA

e Worked with the fast pace of Agile Development team building software systems Coordinated with
Architects, Systems, Network, Software &QA Engineers, to continuously improve the reliability and
efficiency of Build and Deployment processes to support every phase of development including
production releases Responsible in understanding of the interdependencies and structure of systems
and implement this knowledge to improve the build and release processes which allow rapidly evolving
product offerings Improved continuous integration environment, monitored builds, maintained
configuration & automated processes Managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with
automation and configuration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, or custom-built.

e Designing cloud-hosted solutions, specific AWS product suite experience.

e Experience using Ansible Tower, which provides an easy-to-use dashboard, and role-based access
control, so that it's easier to allow individual teams access to use Ansible for their deployments.

e Handled the development of reporting metrics and to provide reports to Management on different levels
of statistics Worked with Source Control Tools such as GIT Stash, Sub version Worked on requests for
adhoc deployment for a particular environment and use the adhocdeploy plan in bamboo Experience in
migration of consumer data from one production server to another production server over the network
with the help of Bash and Perl scripting.

e — Installed/Configured/Managed Puppet Master/Agent.

e Wrote custom Modules and Manifests, downloaded pre-written modules from puppet-forge.

e Upgradation or Migration of Puppet Community and Enterprise.

e Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS)& configuration management
using puppet.

e Worked on ENV property files management involved in ENV property files promotion to the SCRUM
environments Configured Red Hat Kickstart for installing multiple production servers.

e Installation, Configuration and administration of VMware.

e Installed and configured monitoring tools Nagios for monitoring the network bandwidth and the hard
drives status.

e Experience in writing shell scripts for administration tasks in MQ.

e Monitored various MQ objects in ActiveMQ Managed Code Repository by administering database
baseline, improved practices of branching and code merge Used ANT & MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to
build scripts and move from one environment to other Used Perl& Shell scripts to automate build &
release process: managed Maven project dependencies Built & deployed Java/J2EE to Web App Server
in Agile continuous integration environment and automated process.

e Good knowledge on Cassandra (No SQL Database) Integrated JIRA with Stash and created automated
release notes using Perl scripts Used JIRA to track bug issues and change management Environment

e Interfaced with business analysts, developers and technical support to determine the best requirement

specifications.
e Worked closely with other team members to plan, design and develop robust solutions in a timely
manner.
DECOPS ENGINEER 03/201 2 to 06/2014

Bae Systems | Fort Belvoir, VA

e Release Engineer for a team that involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous
software releases.

e Designing and implementing for fully automated server build management, monitoring and deployment
By Using DevOps Technologies like Puppet.

e Responsiblefordesign andmaintenanceof theSubversion/GIT, StashRepositories, views, andthe
accesscontrolstrategies.

e Conducted pre-sales technical support services for directing sales force of windows Azure applications.

e Deployed DevOps using Puppet, Dashboard, and Puppet DB for configuration management to existing
infrastructure.

e Involved in leading Automation Deployment Team by working with Puppet.

e Imported and managed multiple corporate applications into Tortoise SVN and Implemented the setup for
Master slave architecture to improve the Performance Automated SQL Scripts.

e Development, Quality Assurance and Management teams to ensure cross communication and
confirmed approval of all production changes.

e Provided end-user straining for all Tortoise SVN, JIR users to effectively use the tool.

e Build scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other
environments.

e Deployed J2EE applications to Application servers in an Agile continuous integration environment and
also automated the whole process.

e Build scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins, Sonar to move from one environment to other
environments.

e Created and maintained the Jython deployment scripts for Web Sphere web application server.

e Developed Perl and shell scripts for automation of the build and release process.

e Involved in editing the existing ANT/MAVENTfiles in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.

e Managed Maven project dependencies by creating parent-child relationships between Projects.

e Jenkins is used as a continuous integration tool for automation of daily process.

e Documented the entire build and release engineering process and provided on call support.

e Implement the supporting platform for Open Stack infrastructure on the cloud that all services and
applications will rely upon.

e Implemented automated local user provisioning in instances created in Openstack cloud.

e Deployed the Openstack components on multimode with high availability environment.

e Environment

BLCLD AND RELEASE ENGINEER 09/2070 to 01/2012
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. | Suffolk, VA

e Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures.

e Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion/GIT support for different projects.

e Responsible for design and maintenance of the Subversion/GIT Repositories, views, and the access
control strategies.

e Designed and implemented Subversion and GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes,
triggers and hyperlinks.

e Scripting expertise using Ruby, Python or Perl.

e Expertise in configuration management tools like Chef.

e Good experience working with VMWare and AWS Incident management reports, including initial problem
analysis, management status, resolution, and follows up defect reporting in an automated fashion.

e Implemented &maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing Subversion/GIT.

e Involved in periodic archiving and storage of the source code for disaster recovery.

e Worked closely with developers to pinpoint and provide early warnings of common build failures.

e Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services (AWS).

e Used ANT and MAVEN as a build tools on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the
source code.

e Developed Linux, UNIX, Perl and Shell Scripts and AWT programming for the purpose of manual
deployment of the code to various environments.

e Automated the build and release management process including monitoring changes between releases.

e Deployed the Java applications into web application servers like Web logic.

e Executed user administration and maintenance tasks including creating users and groups, reports and
queries.

e Worked as a system administrator for the build and deployments process on the enterprise server.

e Documented project's software release management procedures with input decisions.

e Developed, maintained, and distributed release notes for each scheduled release.

e Provided periodic feedback of status and scheduling issues to the management.

e Kept track of all the releases and request of the developers through Infrastructure management tool.

e Created views and appropriate meta-data, performed merges, and executed builds on a pool of
dedicated build machines.

e Involved in periodic archiving and storage of the source code for disaster recovery.

e Environment

BLCLD AND RELEASE ENGINEER 06/2009 to 08/2070
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. | Annapolis, MD

e Worked closely with the Development Team in the design phase and developed use case diagrams
using Rational Rose.

e Worked with the Architects on SDLC process being the owner of post development environments
Coordinating the resources by working closely with Project Manager's for the release and Carried
Deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool Developed and
implemented the software release management for therelease of web applications.

e Wrote ANT and MAVEN Scripts to automate the build process.

e Used Shell/Perl scripts to automate the deployment process.

e Performed Load/Functional testing using Mercury Load runner and HP QTP.

e Designed a customized Status Reporting tool used currently, based on the specific requirements
usingJ2EE/Struts and Web sphereApplication Server with DB2asDatabase Co-coordinated Instance
Refreshes and Environment Re-base lining.

e Coordinated all the IT projects success fully by resolving release inter dependencies and planning
release.

e Planning, scheduling and documenting releases at code Freeze Periods.

e Sole person to be responsible for Release/Change control Process.

e Worked with many teams of strength more than 30 and managed 2 release/build engineers.

e Stand by administrator for Clear Case and PVCS.

e Performed Functional and Stress Testing for a few applications using Mercury Load runner Installation
and configuration of RED HAT LINUX for new build environment and Monitor performance on RED HAT
LINUX 4/5.

e Environment

e Operating Systems: « iOS

e Windows98/XP/NT/2000/2003/2008.UNIX, * cocoapods
LINUXRHEL). * podspecs

e Versioning Tools: CVS, ¢ = Articrafts

e Tortoise SVN, Clearcase, GIT,
Perforce. PVCS.RTC, Stash, Mercurial, Perforce.

e« Bug Tracking Tools:

e JIRA, Remedy, HP Quality Center. IBM
ClearQuest, Mingle

e Build Tools:

« Bamboo, Cruise Control.Hudson, Jenkins, ANT.
MAVEN and TeamCity, Sonar

e DevOps Tools

e Puppet, Chef, AWS, OpenStack, Ansible, Docker

« Languages/Scripting

e C, C++, Perlscripting, Batch scripting. VB script.
PowerShellscripting, SQL, Java/J2EE.Soapul,
Ruby Python, Bash,

e WebTechnologies:

e Serviets JDBC.JSP, HTML,JavaScript.XML

e Web servers:

« Web logic, WebSphere,ApacheTomcat,JBOSS

« RDBMS
e Oracle,SQL SERVER, MYSQL, DB2
e« Others

« MS Outlook, Azure
e Code reviews

e Ruby

e« Python

Bachelor of Technology | Civil Engineering
JNT University