ROBERT SMITH
Jr. DevOps Engineer

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Around 6+ years of IT experience as a DevOps Engineer with expertise in areas of
Software Configuration Management, Version Control, Build and Release management,
Linux System Administration. Experienced in branching, tagging and maintaining the
version across the environments using SCM tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) and TFS on
Linux and Windows platforms. Implemented TortoiseSVN and webSVN for Subversion
and integrated Jira (change management tool), Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to
interact with people at all levels.

CORE COMPETENCIES

DevOps Tools SCM, Git, GRUNT, SonalQube, Bitbucket, Maven, Chef, Puppet, SaltStack,
Hudson, Jenkins, Docker, Agile, Jira, Nagios. Operating Systems Red Hat Linux 3.x, 4.x.
5.x, 6.x. Ubuntu, CentOS, Windows, Hardware IBM P-series, Fujitsu Prime-powers.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

dr. DevOps
ABC Corporation - January 2015 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Working as a DevOps Engineer for a tearn that involves three different
development teams and multiple simultaneous sofiware releases,

* Excellent tnterpersortal skills, ability to interact with people at all levels,

* Good experience in working with a team together to deliver the best outputs in
given time frames.

* Supporting the application in production and worked closely with off-shore teams.

» Developing and implementing software release management strategies for various
applications according to the agile process.

« Deploying Java applications to application servers inan agile continous
integration environment and algo automated the whole process.

* Performing integration of code quality analysis techniques - check style, find bugs
with ci tools,

DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation - January 2013 - December 2014

Key Deliverables:
® Supporting - patching, rollbacks inte sit, UAT, production environments setting
up SCM/ built} tools for developers,
» Helping to resolve all SCM/builds issues like merge conflicts, compilation errors.
missing dependencies, branching /merning/tagging,
* Assist in the Incident managemerit process by reviewing production data and
providing analysis of Customer-impacting incidents.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York; 13420
© Ths: Free Resume Template ts the copyright af Quikresume:.com, Usage Guidelines