SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND ©

TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© As a AWS and Red Hat certified Architect with a background in cloud computing, networking and application

development, | have a proven track record of delivering successful projects, using my passion for learning,
problem-solving, and collaboration. | have experience in various technology domains and have led teams
through system transformations. I'm determined to deliver depth and agility on next-gen solutions.

Cloud: OpenStack, AWS, Azure Scripting: Python, Bash

Container: Docker, Kubernetes, EKS. AKS, Podman, Version Control: git, GitHub, GitLab, Gogs
OpensShift, Rancher OS: RedHat, Centos, Ubuntu, Fedora, Suse
Virtualization: KVM/oVirt, Red Hat Virtualization, Storage: Ceph, GlusterFS, LVM, GFS2, NFS
OpenStack, LXC/LXD, VMware Networking: VLAN, LACP. OSPF. BGP, OVS,
Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB OpenFlow, VXLAN, OVN

Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, ELK IAM: LDAP. Active Directory

CI/CD: Jenkins, Argo CD, GitHub actions Security: WAF, CheckPoint, FortiWeb

laC/Configuration management: Terraform, Ansible

DEVOPS ENGINEER 11/2022 to CURRENT
Jpmorgan Chase & Co. | Clayton, MO

e Developed procedures to automate code builds and deployments.

e Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop
effective solutions.

¢ Coordinated installation of software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and
implementation of new features.

e Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to
enterprise-quality testing and final implementation.

e Monitoring both infrastructure and applications using Prometheus-Grafana and Splunk for
comprehensive and efficient monitoring.

e Deploying and managing highly available Kubernetes clusters in both on-premise and cloud
environments

e Developed company-wide technical strategy plans for Python-based assets, overseeing development,
coding, debugging and Deployment.

e Designing and implementing robust CI/CD pipelines utilizing industry-leading tools including GitHub
Actions, CircleCl, Jenkins and Argo CD

e Creating and managing Terraform modules for provisioning infrastructure on cloud providers such as
AWS, and Azure

e Expertise in utilizing various AWS services. including VPC, EC2, IAM, ECS, EBS, RDS, $3, Lambda,
ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53, Cloud Front, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, SQS, and SNS to design and
implement scalable and highly available solutions

CLOUD SOLUTION ARCHITECT 10/2019 to 10/2022
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. | Buckley Afb, CO

e Designing, building, testing and deploying highly available and scalable OpenStack private and public
clouds using TripleO and Kolla-ansible, ensuring optimal performance and reliability

e Expertise in optimizing OpenStack for telecommunications by utilizing cutting-edge technologies like
NFV, DPDK and Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV), delivering high-performance and resilient
solutions.

¢ Utilized Python to handle debugging and automation scripting tasks.

e Developed system models using automated tools to analyze performance under various operating
conditions.

e Expertise in designing and building cloud service models such as Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-
as-a-Service, and Container-as-a-Service. providing a flexible and highly available environment for
meeting diverse business needs

e Installing and managing highly available open-source database clusters including PostgreSQL, MySQL,
and MariaDB, ensuring high performance and reliability for mission-critical applications

¢ Ability in swiftly resolving complex issues related to AWS transit gateway configurations, VPN
connections, VPC route-tables, Workspaces, S3, and NACL/Security Groups, by utilizing in-depth
knowledge of AWS services, troubleshooting skills and strong analytical ability

e Deploying and effectively managing highly-available Kubernetes/OpensShift clusters in both on-premise
and cloud environments

e Utilizing the Operator Framework, creating a Kubernetes operator and custom Helm plugins to automate
complex tasks more efficiently

e Implemented and integrated CI/CD pipeline with Terraform to automate infrastructure deployment

CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEER 03/2017 to 08/2019
Deloitte & Touche L.L.P. | Los Angeles, CA

e Designed and built cloud service models including Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, and
Container As Service.

e Build, test, and deploy ccalable, highly available OpenStack Private and public cloud environments using
Tripleo

e Developed hybrid cloud delivery model allowing for customers to choose mix of public and private clouds to
meet their individual needs

e Container orchestration with docker swarm and Kubernetes building auto provisioning cluster and helping
customers with deploy apps in micro services architecture.

e experience in Design and deploy CI/CD pipelines (CircleCl, Jenkins.)

e Worked in all areas of Jenkins setting up Cl for new branches, build automation, plugin management and
securing Jenkins and setting up master/slave configurations.

e Integrating various Version control tools. build tools, nexus and deployment methodologies (scripting) into
Jenkins to create an end-to-end orchestration build cycles.

e Maintain product release process. including generating and delivering release packages, generate various
metrics for tracking issues against releases and the means of tracking compatibility among products.

SC UTWARE ENGINEER 12/2014 to 02/2017
Empyrean Benefit Solutions | Remote, AK

e Developing web applications implementing model view control architecture using Django, Django Rest
Framework

e Build high-performance web applications using Django, Celery, Redis

e Working with server-side technologies including database, restful API, and MVC design patterns

e Working with continuous deployment using Jenkins and Travis-Cl

e Build docker containers and deploy containers to docker-swarm clusters

e Managing internal GitHub and creating workflows to implement CI/CD pipelines

e Write Ansible roles to automate Linux servers patching and application configurations

e Setting up ELK stack for cental log management

e Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application | Computer Application 2016
Acharya Nagarjuna University

Ba helor of Science | Computer Science 2014
Acharya Nagarjuna University

« Red Hat Certified Architect in Infrastructure

e AWS Certified Solutions Architect — Professional

e Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)

e Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)

e Red Hat Certified Specialist in Server Security and Hardening
e Red Hat Certified Specialist in Virtualization

e Red Hat Certified Specialist in OpenShift Administration

e Red Hat Certified System Administrator in Red Hat OpenStack
e Red Hat Certified Specialist in Ansible Automation