Build & Release Engineer/DevOps Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Engineer Website: www.qwilresume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Around 4+ years of IT experience as a DevOps Engineer, with a profile of Software

Configuration /Build/ Release Management/Continuous Integration and expertise on version control
tools like Subversion, Clear case administration, Managing build and multiple releases. Also
worked on Clear Quest (Bug Tracking Tool) administration and have hands-on Build Automation
tools like Hudson and Continuum.

Skills

DevOps, Build Release Engineer, AWS, Linux, Unix Administration, System Administration, Git,
Perforce, Subversion, Jenkins (Hudson), ANT, Maven, Scripting, Build And Release Automation,
Perl, Powershell, Python, Shell Scripting. Perforee, Continucus Integration Tools Like MySQL, and
JavaScript.

Work Experience
Build & Release Engineer/DevOps Engineer

ABC Corporation ~ July 2016 —- Present

fnteracting with clicnt teams to understand clicni deployment requests,

Coordinating with the development, database administration, QA, and IT operations teams to
ensure there are no resource conflicts.

Responsible tn working with the source control tools such as team foundation server and git.
Building the scripts using maven build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other
environments,

Primary duties include build and deployment of the java applications onto different
environments like dev, QA, UAT, and production.

Analyze, resolye, compilation and deployment errors related to code development, branching,
merging and building of souree code along with Linux administration {installation,
configuration, tuning, and upgrades of Linux.

Implementing a continuous deployment{ed) pipeline involving Jenkins, chef to complete the
automation from commit to deployment.

DevOps Engineer

ABC Corporation - January 2015 - June 2016

Responsibilities administration of sun servers (SPARC and x86) running Solaris 9, 10 and dell,
hp servers running SUSE, red hal el 3, 4. X, 5 which included jumpstarting, performing live
upgrades of Solaris operating systems and kick-starting red hai cl 3, 4. X.5 creationof VMS
for SUSE, Solaris x86 and red hat Linux on Vmware ESX 3. 5 and administering them with vi
clients.

Created detailed documentation of complex build and release process, post-release activities
process, Jira workflow, and release notes.

implemented best practices of agile methodology to speed up the delivery process efficiently.
Worked with syn to manage source code repasitories and performed branching, merging, and
tagging depending on the requirement.

Performed svn to git migration and implemented &amp: maintained the branching and
build/release strategics utilizing git.

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines