Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Over 7+ Years of IT experience as DevOps engineer with expertise in areas of Software
Configuration Management, Version Control, DevOps/Build and Release management, Linux
System Administration. Experienced in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the
orn using SCM tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) and TFS on Linux and windows
platforms,

Skills

Knowledge on cloud computing, Knowledge on Networling.

Work Experience

AWS Devops Engineer
US Foods - January 2016 - 2020

* Worked on implementing AWS using EC2, S3, RDS, ECS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto Scaling
groups

* Responsible for Worked as a DevOps Engineer for a tear that involves three different
development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases.

* Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to interact with people at all levels.

* Supported the application in production and worked closely with offshore teams.

* Developed and Implemented software release management strategies for various applications
according to agile process,
Deployed java applications to application servers In agile continuous integration environment
and also automated the whole process,
Responsible for installing Jenkins raster and slave nodes.

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2014 - 2016
» US Foods (formerly known as U.S,
* Foodservice) is one of the USAs leading foodservice distributors with nearly $29 billion in
annual revenue, US Foods was the 10th largest private .
* Had worked on implernenting AWS using EC2, S53, RDS, ECS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto
Scaling groups Responsibilities Creating the automated build and,
* Environment AWS EC2, 53, RDS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling, VPC instances, Cloud
Watch, Maven, Nexus, Jenkins, Chef, Batch, Shell script, ,
* TMobile USA |s 4 national provider of wireless voice, messaging and data services.
+ [tis the third largest wireless network in US.
* Had worked on implementing 4 Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub
and AWS AMIs, whenever a new GitHub branch gets started, ,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines