SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Hybrid Cloud Engineer, with more than eight (8) years of experience working for several customers. Adept at developing solutions,

procedures & service standards for project transformation and business excellence. Proficient in designing effective solutions for cloud
deployment, transitioning multiple projects & ensuring seamless delivery of services. Exceptional hands-on experience in managing server
infrastructures, database migration, and implementing upgradable, scalable infrastructure with AWS Cloud & Azure Cloud.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Cloud Technologies e Cloud Automation: Terraform, Ansible, CFT and ARM
e Azure Services: ADF, ADB, Storage Account, VNET, Subnet, Templates
Automation Runbook, ACR, ACS, AKS, Key-Vaults, Azure © DevOps : CI/CD, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Docker compose,
Apps, Logic Apps Express Route, SQL instances, Azure Repo, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, OpenShift, Grafana, Nagios,
Azure Pipelines, Azure Boards and Azure Artifacts Bamboo, Nexus, Checkmarx, Ant

e AWS Services : VPC, Subnet, VPN, Direct Connect, Cloud Trail, © Scripting: Python, Shell Script, PowerShell and Groovy
Cloudwatch, $3,Code Commit, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline, API
Gateway, ALB, Auto-scClaireng group, EKS, Docker, AWS
Control Tower, Terraform, Cloud Formation‘s, Cloud Endure,
Cloud Native, AWS RDS, ECS, Cloud Security, Landing Zone,
Transit gateway, Control Tower, EKS. SNS, Cloud Networking,
Load Balancer, Elastic cache.

EXPERIENCE

08/2020 to Current

DevOps Engineer
Foundation Capital — Spokane, WA

e Use proprietary technology, processes, and techniques to analyze customers' AWS environments and identify cost
saving opportunities

e Implemented and configured security services to properly harden infrastructure.

¢ Worked directly with customers to coordinate and implement cost saving strategies

e Monitored customer environments daily for anomClairees, trends and savings opportunities

© Met regularly with customers to review cost saving opportunities, trends, and other related analysis.

e Handling an offshore junior team by use of Agile methodology, setting goals and resolving issues

e Setting project estimates, participating in governance calls to determine project delivery with key stakeholders.

02/2017 to 07/2020 Site Reliability Engineer

Accenture Contractor Jobs — Tacoma, WA

e Work with distributed teams to design and develop frameworks, solution accelerators, proofs of concept, and
external customer facing products

Deployed AWS services to solve customer application issues such as latency and unavailability

e Managed AWS-provided portal account access credentials and privileges

¢ Rotated LAM access keys regularly and standardize on a selected number of days for password expiration to ensure
that data cannot be accessed with a potential lost or stolen key

e¢ Worked with engineers and development teams to ensure that architecture solutions are compliant with security
frameworks.

e Experience writing LAM policies to grant users and groups privileges to perform necessary business function

e Designed and contributed to security architecture processes that enable the enterprise to develop and implement
secure solutions and capabilities that are clearly Clairegned with the business, technology, and threat drivers

¢ Involved with the design and security oversight of next-generation firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, DDoS
solutions, SSL-terminating load balancers, WAF, security groups and NACL

e Encrypted data stored in EBS as an added layer of security

e Encrypted Amazon RDS as an added layer of security

e Restricted access to RDS instances to decrease the risk of mClairecious activities such as brute force attacks, SQL
injections, or DoS attacks

e Granted privileges to application users based on principle of least privilege

03/2015 to 01/2017 DevOps Engineer

Foundation Capital — Golden, CO

¢ Creating documentation, roadmap and oversee implementation

e Curate Terraform modules on multiple services including: VM, Storage Account, ADF, Data Bricks, Automation
Runbook. etc.

e Set up DFS Algorithm to complement ADF Deployment Flow

¢ Help to setup linked template to solve ARM Template Deployment issues

¢ Deployment of solution by use of Azure DevOps. creating CI/CD pipelines for end-to-end code testing and
implementation, designing GIT hierarchy to enable optimal versioning for DataOps.

e Set up Deployment Pipelines for ADF, Data Bricks and SQL Instance

e Explored and Configured DACPAC File Deployment pipelines for SQL instances.

¢ Improved security in both by use of Key vault, security best practices procedures.

e Handling an offshore junior team by use of Agile methodology, setting goals and resolving issues.

e Setting project estimates, participating in governance calls to determine project delivery with key stakeholders.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

01/2009

CERTIFICATIONS

High School Diploma
Nayabander B.1 High School - Bangladesh

AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals - Certified