JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

As a DevOps Engineer, I intend to narrow my interest and deepen my knowledge in Enterprise Operations. I seek to learn and gain a global
exposure, knowledge of research methodologies, and the latest industry developments in the field. Industry Experience in Configuration
Management,Build and Release_Infrastructure Automation and System Administration. Master's degree in Electrical Engineering specialised
in Systems Engineering

SKILLS
e Linux e Tomcat, Nginx
e AWS e GIT
¢ Shell Scripting e Maven
« Ansible, Puppet, Chef e Jenkins, Bamboo
e Docker e Internet ProtocolSuite
« Kubermetes e Python
Work History

04/2016 to 2017 DevOps Engineer
Cgi Group Inc. — Houston, TX

e Responsible for Maintaining and reducing the downtime of the local environments.

e Responsible for creating a new environments with the desired services.

¢ Developed automated processes that run daily to check disk usage and perform cleanup of file systems using shell
scripting and Cronjobs.

¢ Monitoring system performance.Backing up and restoring files , Troubleshooting Linux network and security
related issues.

© Developed and Maintained multiple Shell scripts to Automate the Daily Jobs.

e Written Shell scripts and Ansible playbook to manage the alerts of the running services.

e Assisted in creating the environment for Docker Migration.

e Designed and developed automated deployment and scaling processes based on Docker and Ansible for all the
Services.

© Deployed the Docker containers to vagrant boxes using Ansible.

© Dockerized all the service and applications.

e Implemented testing environment for Kubernetes and administrated the Kubernetes Clusters.

¢ Deployed and Orchestrated the applications with Kuberetes.

e Installed and Configured NGINX for the running Services.

e Involved in setting up Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous builds by polling the repositories.

e Configured the Jenkins jobs and supported teams on build and release related issues.

¢ Used Bamboo to automate every day builds, testing and deployments.

¢ Documented the process and steps required to spin a whole new environment for testing purpose.

¢ Provided on-call support to the offshore teams.

EpucaTIon

2015 Master of Science: Electrical Engineering
Texas A&M University Kingsville

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level ( AWS-ASA-35787)