ROBERT SMITH
Senior Devops Engineer Ill

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Versatile and tenacious problem solver with broad, holistic experience managing servers, security,
cloud infrastructure, applications, firewalls, networks, and personal devices. Security and Unix
focused with excellant troubleshooting skills. Proactive facilitator and excellant communicator with
over five years of remote project management and team effort coordination connecting resources
across the world.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Unix Administration, IT Security, DevOps.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Devops Engineer lil
RTI International - January 2014 ~ 2020

Key Deliverables:

» Used MAVEN as build tools on Java projects lor the development af bulld artifacts on the
source code

* Developed Scripts for AWS Orchestration Developed Scripts for AWS Orchestration
Designing and developing new back-end services, maintaining and expanding our AWS
infrastructure, and providing mentorship to others on my team,

» Developed/captured/documented architectural Dest practices for building. systems on AWS.

* Worked with technical and non-technical teams across Amazon (AWS).

* Automated the build and release management process including monitoring changes
between releases.

» Worked with Docker tor convenient environment setup for development and testing

» Wrote Docker images for Bamboo, Nexus and various.

Senior Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

=» Support and maintenance for premium (Several-milfion dollars) accounts:

» New area in the company, managing applications in the customers own premises, or their
own cloud accounts.

« Elasticsearch, Kibana, Icinga2, Ansible, AWS support, using GIT, APIs, Python and Bash
to script things around,

* Secondary support for the application stack,

» Developed Powershell programs to automate configuration and deployment of testing
environments using Windows Server 2012 A2, SOL Server 2012 R2, .

« Applications inclidad configuration and maintenance ol A10 Load Balancers,
implementation of SQL Server transactional replication, configuration ol ,

» Thisis Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines