Jessica Anderson

joie arderson@esample.com + 987-654-5210 + ww. pekcaareterionder + porticlic wrinicaaudersonchey *

fanbketin coms ripe taareder son

ev Ops engines witha prowen track record of oplieraaing software development proceisar (ough aulomebon, coninucut
intagration, and deployment. Adept at desiring, implemuniing, and mantaning scalable infrastructure and ensuring
Seamless cofuboralion between development and operations teams. Passionate aboul leveraging lechnuology to achinww

operational excellence,

Projects

Awtomated Deployment Platform
Built 4 custoen deplcyrrm mt platform
ule Kubernetes and Jenkin to

siraamine application deployments

and reduce manual etrors.

infrastructure as Code

Led the anplamentation of
infrasinucture ai Cocke usieg Terratoem
and CloudFormation, reaulting in
coraivient and automated provieorng
of cloud resources.

OL

DevOps Toots
Jenkins
Tertatorm
Kubernetes
Decker

ans

Aoure
Procratheus
Gafara

Prograenming Languages
Python

aware

infrastructure as Code
Terratorm
CloudFormation

Monitoring and Logging
Proctetheus
Giana

ELA Stack

DevOps Engiewer at Micresoft
Fab 2021 - pul 200] « Recinond, Washington

+ Automated CCD pipelines using jentens, recucing deployment tine by 40%
and increauing releate frequency.

+ implemented infrastructure as cote using Terruform, resubing in 20% faster
prodsioning of cloud resources.

+ Developed monitoring and alerting syitern with Prometheus and Grafana,
fecucing incidurt response Lime by 30%

+ Colaborated with crows functional teams to optimize application
performance, resulling #4 25% reduction im lntency

DevOps Engieeer at Facebook
he 2019 - Jan 202! » Mero Park, Cobtarnia

+ Oplimined resource ulfization and cow efficiency an AWS by englementing
autoscabryg and reserved imtances.

+ Lad incident response and root cause anabeus efforts, resulting in a 20%
feduction a mean Cin to raahdlion

+ Mentored jureor engineers and conducted morkihops to promote DewOpa
bes! practiows ared erowbectew sharing.

Software Engineer at Netflix

May 2017 - Jun 2019+ Loo Gaten, Calfarrts

+ Designed anc onpiemerted container ined applications ung Cocker and
orchestrated with Kuternetes achinvng tag scalatibly and avadabiity.

+ Dewdoped custom ceployerent tools and scripts, reducing erarnuad
inhervwerion and deployment errors by 40%.

+ Callaborated with cross-functional teams Co amprove continuous: miegraton
processes, resulting in a 30% increase im code cuadity

Stanford University
Sep 2005 -jun 2017» Stanford California ' GPA LE

Mavter of Soence in Computer Science

University of Califeenia, Berkeley
Sep 20?) - May 2005 + Serbaley. Cabtorris GPA 19

Bachelor of Scknce in Ehectrical Engineering and Computer Scmnce