Robert Smith

Assistant AWS Devops Engineer I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experienced DevOps Engineer dedicated to automation and optimization
for 7 years. Understands and manages the space between operations and
developrnent to quickly deliver code to customers, Has experience with the
Cloud, as well as DevOps autornation development for Linux systems,
Brings maturity, enthusiasm, and a drive to learn new technologies along
with real world experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant AWS Devops Engineer !
University Of MN - January 2014 - 2020
Re sponsibilities:

« Creating the automated build and deployrnent process for application,
re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to
building a continuous integration system for all our products,

= Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load
Balancer, Auto scaling groups.

= Responsible for Design of different Release Environments for new
projects and monitoring.

= Responsible for Design of different Release Environments for new
projects and monitoring,

= Installed Chef-Server Enterprise On-Premise/WorkStation/ Bootstrapped
the Nodes using Knife.

* Designed and implemented Chef, including the internal best practices,
cookbooks, automated cookbook Cl and CD systern,

= Migrated VMWARE VMs to AWS and Managed Services like EC2, 53
Bucket, Route53, ELB, EBS Etc with Opscode Chef Cookbooks/Recipes.

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2012 - 2014
Responsibilities:
= Key Deliverables Technical leader to align processes and tools, such as
branching, source control structure, dependency management,
LUnuxWindows hybrid bulld infrastructure, code review, and check-in
policies, that are developed and instrumented by DevOps teams across
projects globally.
«= Managed Ubuntu Linux and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC2 using
Puppet.
= Experienced with working on Puppet Master and Puppet Agents.
= Defined Puppet Master and Puppet Agents to manage and configure
nodes.
= Deployed Puppet, Puppet dashboard for confi guration management to
existing infrastructure.
= Designed and deployed AWS solutions using E2C, 53, RDS, EBS, Elastic
Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, Opsworks Performed Server
configuration management via Puppet.
« Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) implementation Database

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Knowledge of
Networking, Knowledge
of cloud computing,

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)