JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

6+ years of professional IT experience in develop, build and deployment of web applications. 3 years in practicing DevOps, Cloud
Automation & Quality Engineering

SKILLS
e Effective communication ¢ Developer collaboration
¢ Project planning © Operational analysis
e Performance Management e Build releases
¢ IT solution development e Agile
¢ Meeting participation © Code reviews
Work History

06/2018 to 02/2021 DevOps Engineer
Cgi Group Inc. — Mobile, AL

e Strong experience in working with version control systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Azure Git

¢ Collaborated with cross-functional development team members to analyze potential system solutions based on
evolving client requirements.

e Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Docker, Nexus,
Artifactory, Slack and Azure pipelines

« Experience in migrating applications to both AWS and Azure cloud platforms

e Extensive experience in distributed Agile and Scrum methodologies to develop best practices for software
development and implementation

e Experience working with developing scripts and automation tools used for building, integrating and deploying
software releases to multiple environments.

e Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux VMware,
UNIX and Solaris platforms.

« Strong exposure to configuration management tools such as Terraform, Ansible.

* Good knowledge in Kubernetes and have setup clusters in Amazon EKS.

e Strong experience in code quality and code coverage tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo and JUnit.

* Good knowledge of virtualization and container technology like Docker. Experience in creating Dockerfiles and
working with Docker containers.

e Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.

e Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, QA UAT and
Production

e A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team player with excellent communication and inter-personal skills

e Worked closely with other business analysts, development teams and infrastructure specialists to deliver high
availability solutions for mission-critical applications

¢ Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution.

02/2015 to 06/2018 Azure Cloud Engineer
Alvarez & Marsal — Nashville. TN
Responsible for managing Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment
(CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment. As a member of onboarding team, my
responsibility was to implement DevOps transformation by working with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure
platform.
Roles:
e Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps
pipelines.
e Setup AKS clusters in Azure using Azure CLI
e Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment.
* Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode
e Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer’s workstation for detecting defects early during development.
* Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions
were not met.
e Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving developer
workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
e Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team
¢ Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months
e Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines on AzureDevOps

01/2015 to 07/2015 Scrum Master
Loan Depot — Franklin, TN
e Applied agile methodology to shorten cycle time and achieve target margins.
e Planned Agile best practices and encouraged team cohesion, overcoming impediments and hurdles to productivity.
e Shielded scrum team from external interference for optimal productivity and success of Agile process.
e Led sprint reviews, daily scrums and planning meetings to realize full team engagement.
e Facilitated Scrum framework — sprint planning. backlog grooming. daily scrums, sprint reviews and sprint
retrospectives.
e Worked effectively with multiple Scrum teams both internally and off-shore.
¢ Managed product backlog and supported Scrum framework for monthly sprint releases.
© Collaborated with product owners, team members, technologists and other scrum masters to define solutions and

drive progress.
e Planned and arranged meetings with external organizations and individuals, enabling parties to meet and discuss
project progress.
¢ Proactively identified and found ways to resolve issues to prevent distractions and keep projects on track.
EpucatIon
High School Diploma

Girls High School - Lagos Nigeria

12/2012 B.Ed.: Physical & Health Education
Michael Otedola College of Education - Lagos, Nigeria