JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

DevOps anp CLoup CONSULTANT

¢ Over 15 years’ experience in IT software and product engineering, business intelligence analysis, data analytics, and consultation.
« Over 3 years' in practicing DevOps and Cloud computing.
e Proven track record of enhancing operations for organizations through information systems solutions.

CorE COMPETENCIES

e Expertise in distributed Agile and Scrum methodologies to develop best practices for software development and implementation.

¢ Wrote code and supported architecture in high-throughput systems on AWS and Azure cloud.

e Experienced in administration‘maintenance of source control management (SCM) systems such as Git, GitHub, BitBucket and Azure
Git.

« Implemented CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Tomcat, Nexus, Slack and Azure DevOps.

* Developed scripts and worked with automation tools for building, integrating and deploying software releases to multiple
environments.

« Experienced in scripting languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML, Ruby, Shell scripting.

« Integrated code quality and code coverage tools such as SonarQube, Jacoco, Junit.

« Virtualized the servers using Docker for the test environments and dev-environments needs, also configuration automation using Docker
containers.

e Strong exposure to configuration management tools - Terraform, Ansible and Puppet.

e Practiced TDD and automated Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.

¢ Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux VMware, UNIX and Solaris
platforms.

e Participated in product life cycle, which involved environments like Development, QA, UAT and Production.

e Experienced in using bug-tracking systems like JIRA and HP ALM.

¢ Created project artifacts on SharePoint and Confluence.

e Effective coach and mentor and committed to leading teams to peak performance and top-quality results.

Work History

05/2018 to Current DevOps Engineer
Zoom — New York, NY
Managed AWS resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline
for fast paced robust application development environment.
Key accomplishments:
e Worked closely with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to
meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance.
e Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket, SonarQube, Nexus,
Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in.
e Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using Terraform and Ansible.
e Wrote Ansible playbooks from scratch in YAML.
e Installing, setting up & Troubleshooting Ansible. created and automated platform environment setup.
e Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams.
¢ Integrated GitHub web hooks into Jenkins to automate code checkout process.
¢ Implemented setup for Master slave architecture to improve performance of Jenkins.
e Rebuild of entire existing platform over to Docker containers
© Created Dockerfile and automated Docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker.
e Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.
e Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in pipelines to fail builds when conditions not met.
e Achieved 90% success in automation by analyzing operations, data and system issues to identify discrepancies for
troubleshooting and corrective action.

08/2016 to 04/2018 Azure Cloud Engineer
Alvarez & Marsal — Us-El Segundo, CA
Managed Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline
for fast paced robust application development environment. As member of on-boarding team, implemented DevOps
transformation by working with agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform.
Key accomplishments:
e Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines on Azure DevOps
¢ Setup repo on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment
e Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps pipelines
* Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode
e Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in pipelines to fail builds when conditions were not
met
¢ Set up SonarLint plug-ins in developer's workstation for detecting defects early during development
e Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving developer
workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed
¢ Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments
e Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for team
¢ Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 40% by introducing TDD practice

04/2013 to 07/2016 Applications Consultant
Aaa Auto Club — Centennial, CO
Led four major projects, providing strategic leadership and execution to support continuous integration, improve
platform migration, testing and reporting. Trained and mentored teams to optimize performance.
Key accomplishments:
e Partnered with stakeholders to identify business needs and challenges, define, map, and build solutions, lead teams
through development and testing.
¢ Conducted upgrade of Guaranteed Income Daily Equity application, including platform migration, database
migration, reports, progClaires, and workflow management.
e Provide plan-level information and CRM lead info to testing and reporting services and customer profile teams
within organization.
© Developed Informatica based workflow mechanism to send data to teams through outbound feeds from DC Plan
Creation app using Sybase DB to TRS and Salesforce Oracle DB to CP (Customer Profile).

05/2010 to 03/2013 Lead Business Analyst Consultant
Capital One — City, STATE
Served as technical resource in building cash management tool to reconcile General Ledger and Sub Ledger files on
daily and monthly basis for transactions with external sources.
Key accomplishments:
e Held responsibility for Frontier recon application and Unclaimed Property Compliance System, including
performance, configurations, enhancements and implementation.
¢ Performed Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) segregation of duties on access to servers for Recon application.
e Facilitated and validated OBIEE reporting dashboards migration from 10g to 11g.
e Subject matter expert for Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance domain and supported needs of QA engineers
with skill and efficiency.
e Prepared Root Cause Analysis (RCA) document for repeated issues within P&C insurance solutions.

EpucaTIon

MBA: Human Resource Management

University of Madras - India

Bachelor of Engineering: Information Technology
Annamalai University - India

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
* Oracle Certified Associate in PL/SQL (OCA)

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

¢ Cloud platforms: AWS, Azure e Application/Web Servers: Tomcat, WebLogic 9.x/10.x/12c,
e FClaireework/DevOps tools: JIRA, SonarQube, Nexus, Jenkins, Apache 2.x/1.3.x, JBoss 7.1
Slack, Azure DevOps * Operating Systems: HP-UX, Solaris 10, Ubuntu 16.0.4, Red Hat
¢ Build Tools: Ant, Maven, MSBuild Linux, Windows
e SCMs: SVN, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab, Azure Git e Databases: Oracle. SQL Server, MySQL, PostgresSQL
e IAC Tools: Puppet, Ansible, Terraform e ProgClaireming Languages: Java
¢ Containers: Docker * Scripting & Other Tools: Groovy, UNIX Shell Scripts (Ksh,

Bash), Git Bash, Putty, iTerm