SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND (©)

TRAINING

)

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am an experienced cloud/DevOps engineer bringing in over 6years of professional IT expertise in build and
deployment automation using open source tools like Jenkins, GIT, Terraform, Ansible, Docker and kubernetes.
Worked on Software Configuration Management and infrastructure provisioning. Extensive experience
includes Build/test and deploy while also monitoring the logs and metrics of the infrastructures . | have
extensive knowledge on AWS services like IAM , AWS cloudwatch, s3, RDS. Lambda, API gateways, Route 53,
Elastic load balancers, VPC, AWS KMS, cloud formation,NAT, ECS.EKS, FARGATE.

« Excellent communicative, interpersonal, intuitive, analytic and leadership skills with ability to work
efficiently in both independent and team work environments.

« Experience on agile methodologies of software development life cycle and microservices

e« Experience with Version Control Systems like GIT and SVN (Subversion).

« Maintained build scripts using Apache ANT, Maven and Gradle to perform builds efficiently.

« Worked in implementing entire Cl/CD using java scripting to release jar,war,ear packages.

« Extensively worked on Configuration management tools like Ansible, AWS patch manager, AWS System
manger.

e Worked in agile projects delivering end to end continuous integration/continuous delivery pipeline by
integration of tools like Jenkins, maven, sonarqube. nexus to efficiently build and release the application
software.

e« Experienced in defect tracking system like JIRA.

« Capable of supporting and managing multiple projects simultaneously, comfortable troubleshooting and
debugging and able to work under pressure.

Scripting Puppet, Ansible

Python, Java, Shell, Ruby Web Servers

Operating System WebLogic, Tomcat, Apache
Linux/Unix (Redhat (5,6,7), Ubuntu (14.10.4), Centos SCM Tools

(5,6,7). Windows XP.7, SVN. GIT, CVS

Build Tools Repository Tools

Maven, Gradle, Ant Nexus, Artifactory, Archiva

Cl Tools Atlassian tools

Jenkins, AHP, Bamboo Jira, Confluence, Fisheye, crucible

Configuration Management

DEVOPS ENGINEER 07/2018 to 02/2019
Dish Network Corporation | Las Vegas, NV

e Actively involved in AGILE/SCRUM Methodologies while executing the project.

e Extensively worked on version controls like Git and SVN.

e Used JAVA scripts for CI/CD pipeline builds, and actively involved in the entire Pipeline setups and
Jenkins configurations.

e On boarded and supported several mobile iOS and android applications onto Jenkins Cl/CD pipeline.

e Various Git Webhooks and SVN commithooks were configured for continuous integration operations.

e Expertise in Atlassian Confluence created and developed multiple pages, captured various information
in an organized manner.

e Hands on experience in installing and administrating tools like Jenkins, Puppet and Artifactory.

e Supported Production and Pre-production environments in resolving issues on demand.

e Provided support for Puppet upgrades and agent installations for several number of servers.

e Worked and supported on several Java applications migrations to Jenkins Pipeline.

e Involved in providing Demo to customers on product (CI/CD pipeline) and its features.

« Supported monthly product feature releases and also involved in testing the feature and reported bugs
before delivering to the costumers.

e Managed AWS EC2 instances along with EBS and S3 services.

e Maintain services hosted in AWS managing EC2 instances, Auto Scaling groups, EBS, ELB, S3, Route
53, IAM account management and AWS code deploy.

e Supported product development team in bug fixing and service pack releases.

e Developed and maintained Product release notes and feature enhancements on confluence.

e Worked with Development, Quality Assurance and Management teams to ensure cross communication
and confirmed approval of all production changes.

e Wrote various shell scripts to automate Build and Release process.

DEJOPS BUILD &RELEASE ENGINEER 03/2015 to 12/2016
Arrow Electronics Inc, | Whitewater, WI

e DevOps Engineer for a team that involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous
software releases.

e Responsible for build, design and maintain the platform automation infrastructure using Terraform,
cloud formation

e Defined and integrated roles, responsibilities and processes for business team and data management
organization.

e Develop, manage, and enhance deployment infrastructure to ensure systems are scalable, resilient,
and reliable

e | implemented infrastructure monitoring by collecting. processing and analyzing the metrics of our
application using tools such as cloudwatch, prometheus and Grafana, Datadog, New relic

e Ensured software release was confirmed from client servers before deploying to production servers

e Supported server/VM provisioning activities, middleware installation and deployment activities via
Ansible.

e | leveraged container orchestration tools Docker and kubernetes to deploy our containerized
Application to staging and production servers with the help of the helm chart using AWS EKS

e | leveraged networking experience on Aws services, VPN, security, loadbalancing, and RDS

e Worked on simple storage services, simple notification service and cloud watch.

e Creating S3 buckets and restricting access to buckets and directories to specific IAM users.

e Setting up Continuous delivery framework using Jenkins, Gradle, Maven.

e Worked on each phase of lifecycle of build system - from analysis, development, implementation and
support of builds, unit testing and deployments.

e Worked with Logical Volume Manager for file system management, data backup and recovery.

e Configured various Cron jobs and other scheduler jobs in servers.

SYOTEMS ENGINEER 02/2014 to 01/2015
Cleverbridge | City, STATE

e Updated and automated Release reports for Change Management.

e Analyzing and Installing hardware and software needs.

e Worked on redhat/centos 5.x and 6.x and automated daily tasks using Cron scheduler.

« Wrote shell scripts for taking data backups, cleaning junk content and updating software regularly.

e Worked in building project branches, merging them and releasing them using version control tools like
Git and SVN.

e Deployed jar files using Ant and Maven scripts to the WebLogic servers.

« Wrote many pom.xml files, published the artifactories using Maven-publish and released using Maven
release plugin.

« Worked with Logical Volume Manager for file system management, data backup and recovery.

e Performed weekly and on-call deployments of application codes to production environments.

« Worked on each phase of lifecycle of build system - from analysis, development, implementation and
support of builds, unit testing and deployments.

Bachelor of Science | Computer And Information Sciences 02/2014
University of Bamenda, Bambili- Cameroon