ABHIRAM DINESH
Software Engineer
Software Engineer with hands-on experience in designing and automating cloud-native and hybrid environments on AWS. Skilled in
CI/CD pipelines, container orchestration, Infrastructure as Code, configuration management, and monitoring solutions. Proven track
record of improving scalability, reducing deployment times,cyber security practices and enhancing security and reliability of enterprise
applications.
abhiram.di2003@gmail.com 6282488838 linkedin.com/in/abhiramdinesh github.com/abhiramn23
EXPERIENCE SKILLS
Bharath Electronics Ltd- Trainee Operating Systems & Cloud Platforms:AWS
Scripting : Linux, Python
Bengaluru
07/2024 - 07/2025, Terraform (IaC) CI/CD & Automation:
Jenkins,Webhooks
Achievements/Tasks
Deployed and managed AWS EC2 instances, networking, and
Version Control: Git, GitHub Containerization: Docker,
Implemented IAM roles, VPCs, and Secrets Manager for
DockerHub
secure deployments,
Collaborated with internal team for system administrative Networking CyberSecurity- VAPT, SOC
tasks, cyber security practices,
Other Tools: VS Code,
Configured Jenkins pipelines reducing deployment times, Putty/SSH, Wireshark
Automated AWS provisioning with Terraform ensuring 100%
environment consistency,
Ensured system reliability and uptime by implementing best PROJECTS
cloud security practice.
DevOps CI/CD Pipeline Setup
Designed and implemented a complete CI/CD pipeline using AWS
DevOps Intern
EC2 , Jenkins and Docker . Deployed and configured 3 separate
Elevate Labs EC2 instances to host Jenkins (CI server), SonarQube (code quality),
and Docker (deployment).
08/2025 - 10/2025,
Pushed two sample projects (a basic HTML template and a Java-
Achievements/Tasks based application) to GitHub.
Automated code deployment using CI/CD pipeline (GitHub Containerized both applications using Docker and deployed them to
actions), the target EC2 environment Ensured automated code testing,
building, and deployment from commit to end-user delivery.
Set-up Jenkins pipeline to automate the process of building
and deploying an application, Containerised Super Mario & Deployed on AWS EC2
Deployed and managed AWS EC2 instances. Built a Docker image for a Super Mario application and optimized it
for lightweight container deployment.
Deployed the containerised application on an AWS EC2 instance,
configured networking, and automated version control with
EDUCATION Git/GitHub.
Linux System Health & Troubleshooting Commands
BE in Information Science & Engineering
Guide
MVJ COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING| Bengaluru,
Developed a concise guide of essential Linux commands for system
KA monitoring, troubleshooting, and security, consolidated into a PDF
and GitHub repo to serve as a quick-reference tool for developers,
07/2020 - 07/2024, CGPA- 8.09/10
DevOps engineers, and system administrators.
Higher Secondary (Class 12)
Kerala State Board – Kannur, Kerala CERTIFICATIONS AND
2020, 84% ACHIEVEMENTS
DevOps Engineer Certificate- Oneroadmap
CERT-676B5FA3
Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking(CEH) - Boston
Institute of Analytics
LANGUAGES
English Kannada hindi malayalam
tamil