Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

I am a motivated professional with hands on systems administration, System configuration, Enthusiastic team player, always looking
for innovative and efficient engineering solutions, Energetic self-starter capable of learning quickly with minimal guidance.

Skills
e SAS E-Guide e Automation, Bash, Hardware, content
e SOL e Customer service
¢ SnowFlake e Database
e Presentations ¢ NFS, Network installation, network
e Performance management e Process management
¢ Operations reporting ¢ Redhat Linux, SAMBA
¢ Microsoft Office proficiency e DevOps
¢ Tableau ® Java
¢ Strong verbal and written communication skills * Support, Troubleshoot, troubleshooting,
¢ Database: MySql upgrades
e Enterprise reporting software e Windows Server
e Apache, web Server, error.log © Collections
¢ Customer Service
Work History

Supervisor, 03/2018 to Current
Charter Spectrum — High Point, NC
e Evaluated interactions between associates and customers to assess personnel performance and customer satisfaction.
e Exceeded team goals and collaborated with staff members to implement customer service initiatives.
e Accessed credit records to evaluate customer credit histories.
e Ensuring all accounts are worked within customers standards and Federal Regulations
¢ Maintaining specified file of accounts per customers standards. Working within FDCPA state regulations, department/division,
Compliance and other regulators Policies
¢ Maintaining clear, concise and accurate documentation of all attempts and/or contacts made and received for accounts in
accordance with company and customers specifications
¢ Properly handled private and secure information.
e Established and updated work schedules to account for changing staff levels and expected workloads.

e Researched and corrected regular, advanced and long-standing customer concerns to promote company loyalty.

Reporting Analyst, 12/2019 to 12/2019
Assurant — Bentonville, AR
e Generated queries utilizing SAS, Snowflake, and Tableau to create required reports
¢ Analyzing and interpreting database
¢ Creating codes and validating records: CCO reports, Credit cards reports, Delinquency and schools report, Loan Products
reports and repayment options reports for all Sallie mae Serviced & Own and Sallie Mae Serviced but not own
¢ Running SOL

Customer Service Representative, 10/2014 to 03/2018
Carlisle Companies Incorporated — Saint Augustine, FL
e Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants.
¢ Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend appropriate
solutions.
¢ Assisted education team with new hire classes
¢ Properly handle Escalated calls when customers request supervisor
¢ Properly handle Military calls, applied military benefits, military deferments, confirmed military status via DMDC and or
military order within customers standards and federal regulations. Ensured that military customers are receiving the proper
benefits to meet company and state requirement.
¢ Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers in fast-paced environment.
e Enter customer complaints into CSI database and ensured each complaint are addressed to comply with the company, state and
federal guard line.
¢ Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital information updates.
¢ Defused customer concerns with exceptional conflict and problem resolution skills.

¢ Monitored compliance risks while adhering to safety protocols.

Sales Associate, 02/2010 to 05/2012
Wasserman — Uniondale, NY
¢ Applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft.
¢ Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.
¢ Maintained organized, presentable merchandise to drive continuous sales.
¢ Worked alongside retail representatives to boost sales by enhancing product presentations and advertising collateral.
¢ Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.
¢ Implemented up-selling strategies, encompassing recommendation of accessories and complementary purchases.
¢ Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.
e Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.
¢ Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

Education

High School Diploma: 06/2012
Rockland Senior High School - Rockland, MA

Bachelor of Arts: Computer Networking , 05/2016
Wilmington University - New Castle, DE