ROBERT SMITH

Assistant Senior Devops Engineer |

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Over 12+ years of Total IT experience, of which worked on Perl, Oracle, CGI, UNIX;
JavaScript and Shell script, Involved in the analysis, design, development,

enhancement, support and unit testing. Experience to develop Ul's using template
tool kit. Good experience in L4 level Support and EnhancementyBua fixes,

JANUARY 2007 - JUNE 2011
ASSISTANT SENIOR DEVOPS ENGINEER | - ABC CORPORATION

Designed to have Approver who will approve the request and interact with
specific Resource to get access for the specific user.

Involved lot of processes such as creating new resource, linking with the actual
resource, setting attributes, approver nomination, revalidation for approver/user
etc,

Guided team to complete their tasks on time.

Planned tearm deiverables of one month task In advance.

Wrote Chef Cookbooks for installing and managing Applications.

Worked as a DevOps Engineer for | mplementation of Software Configuration
Management processes, controlling and bullding new versions for releases,
Analyzed and resolved conflicts raéated to merging of source code for SVN.

3 - 2007

eee eee DELTA CORPORATION

Serena Software Inc.

provides process-based solutions for managing and automating application
development, DevOps and IT operations and management products to
enterprises around the wend.

This Project was based on managing the new version releases of software
applications

Responsibilities Coordinate/assist devdopers with establishing and applying
appropriate branching, labding/naming conventions using SVN source control.
Worked with development team to migrate Ant scripts to. Maven.

Provided CM and Build support for more than 5 different applications, bullt and
deployed to the production and jower environment.

Implement, maintain and support reiable, timely and reproducible builds for
project teams.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology - 1999(Madurai Kamara]

© Thi Free Resume Template % the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines