ROBERT SMITH
Senior Devops Engineer I

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Over 8 years of experience as DevOps/Build and Release Engineer in solving complex
problems with creative solutions, supporting development, Deployment operations in
different environments, Extensive experience includes SCM, Change /Incident
Management, VMware and AWS Cloud computing. Experience with and thorough
understanding of automated implementation /deployment of a cloud based infrastructure
(Web apps, Application Service Environments, firewalls, load balancers, storage,
monitoring. security, AD, DNS etc,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Bash, Python, Linux,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Devops Engineer I
Comcast Corporation - December 2014 ~ 2020

Key Deliverables:

® Developed and maintained automation and orchestration engine in support of
large scale private and public cloud deployments.

* Architected enterprise-wide provisioning, management and monitoring systems.

* Created the automated build and deployment process for application, re-
engineering setup for better user experience, and teading up to building a
continuous integration system,

* Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various
applications according to the agile process,

* Responsible for Continuous Integration (Cl) and Continugus Delivery (CD) process
implementation-using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate
routine jobs.

* Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT ancl MAVEN as build tools in
Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.

* Built and Deployed Java/J2EE to a web application server in an Agile continuous
integration environment and also automated the whole process,

Senior Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Dignity Health has steadily grown to. become the largest private. not-for-profit
health care provider in the state of California.
« Dignity Health operates a network of 40 acute-care facilities located in the Golden
State and, toa lesser extent, in Arizona and Nevada.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines