PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

TECHNICAL SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION (©

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Bilingual DevOps Engineer with background designing. testing and implementing infrastructure and
applications. Talented performer with extensive years of experience using source control tools to identify and
fix bugs in code. Consistent team player with exemplary multitasking skills.

) Cloud: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud e Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes
e Virtualization: VMW are, Xen, KVM e Databases: MySQL, MariaDB, MongoDB, Amazon
e Automation: Jenkins, Ansible, Selenium DynamoDB
e Programming Languages: Python, Groovy e Monitoring: Grafana, Nagios,Amazon Cl Watch
e Scripting: Python, Bash, Groovy e Storage: RAID, SAN, NAS, NFS, SAMBA
e Version control: GitHub, BitBucket, Stash,Gitlab e User administration: LDAP. AD, Kerberos
e Web Applications: Apache, Nginx,Django e Application Deployment: Helm, Terraform, Jenkins
DEVOPS ENGINEER 06/2019 to CURRENT

Livongo Health, Inc. | Denver, CO

e Worked with cross-functional design teams to create software solutions that elevated client side
experience and significantly improved overall functionality and performance.

e Designed and implemented scalable secure cloud architecture using AWS, Azure and GCP through
Terraform.

e Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, $3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups.

e Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins.

e Managed AWS resources through Terraform.

e Automated deployments to cloud servers using Terraform, Ansible, and Jenkins.

e Troubleshoot alerts relating to application failures and devices being unreachable.

e Experienced in deploying Docker containers and creating Docker images using Ansible.

e Experienced in architecting and supporting available and scalable infrastructure.

e Installed and configured Nagios to continually monitor network bandwidth, memory usage.

e Established infrastructure and service monitoring using Prometheus and Grafana.

DEJOPS ENGINEER 03/2018 to 06/2019
Livongo Health, Inc. | Atlanta, GA

e Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure
resolution.

e Built and managed AWS infrastructure as a code with Terraform

e Created and updated AWS AMI Images using packer

e Troubleshoot alerts relating application failures and devices being unreachable.

e Implementing various development, testing, automation tools, and IT infrastructure

e Versed in complete software life cycle from preliminary needs analysis to enterprise-wide deployment
and support.

e Used tools like Ansible to improve workflow and (CICD) through a click of a button.

e Experience in AWS services: EC2, Auto scaling. Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, $3, ELB

e Building and Managing AWS infrastructure As a Code with Terraform.

e Experienced in deploying Docker containers and creating Docker images using Terraform.

¢ Deployed Nagios XI as a monitoring solution.

e Working knowledge of AWS laaS, PaaS, and SaaS and coming trends in the Cloud space

e Monitored developed applications and fixed bugs thru ELK and New Relic

DEIOPS ENGINEER 06/2017 to 03/2018
Livongo Health, Inc. | Raleigh, NC

e Used Kubernetes to orchestrate deployment, scaling and management of Docker containers.

e Implementing various development, testing, automation tools, and IT infrastructure

e Versed in complete software life cycle from preliminary needs analysis to enterprise-wide deployment
and support.

e Used Terraform scripts to Automate VM Provisioning.

e Managed and automated environments with tools like Ansible Playbooks.

e Created reliable infrastructure for three-tier applications with Terraform.

e Created secure VPC and configured security groups and NACL on AWS.

e Managed IAM users, roles, groups according to security best practices.

e Monitored developed applications and fixed bugs thru ELK.

e Automated build and deployment process with Jenkins , eliminating 80% of manual work.

Bachelor of Arts 06/2013
Institute of Tourism , Russia, Moscow

e Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) :-F-qqu3dllyzo

e Certified Kubernetes Application Developer(CKAD) LF-tq53woyl89
« Terraform Associate

« AWS Cloud Practitioner Validation Number 246DCT7D11B1QR58
e AWS Solution Architect Validation Number 8RB5YCZLC21QQB9N
e Jenkins Engineer ID: 32063339