JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

* Experience working on Monolithic and Microservices oriented architecture.

* Experience in creating, configuring and maintaining Amazon EC2 instances.

* Experience working with version control systems like Subversion, GIT, Bitbucket.

* Implemented a CI/CD pipeline involving Git, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, Nexus and Ansible for complete automation from commit to
deployment.

* Experience in using Chef as a configuration management tool to automate infrastructure provisioning by writing various chef recipes and
cookbooks.

* Hands-on experience using Maven as build tool for building of deployable artifacts from source code.

* Experience working with Load balancers to route incoming traffic to number of downstream servers.

* Experience working with microservices by using Docker.

* Deployed various web-based applications using Git and Jenkins to Apache Tomcat and JBoss servers.

* Experience in Bug/Issue tracking tools like HP Quality Center, Jira.

SKILLS

@ DevOps Tools: Jenkins. Ant, Maven, Docker, Kubernetes, Grafana @ Configuration Management Tools: Chef, Ansible

e Scripting Languages: Python, Shell, Bash @ Cloud Platforms: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform
@ Version Control Tools: GitHub, BitBucket, Gitlab e Databases: MySQL
e Artifactory: Nexus, JFrog e Operating Systems: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS, Ubuntu,
@ Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall MacOS

LINKEDIN ID

© https://www_linkedin.com/in/jayadev-Claire-12b769107/

WorK HISTORY

DevOps Engineer, 10/2020 - Current
Bae Systems — Fort Gordon, GA
e Managed Chef cookbooks implemented rules and templates in Chef for better environment management.
e Experience using Bash and Python scripts for day-to-day activities and automated various tasks.
¢ Responsible for automating CL/CD build pipelines via GitHub and Jenkins and setting up master and worker node by following DevOps
practices.
e Developed Chef cookbooks for automatic provisioning and installation of various packages in SBX/Prod servers.
e Experience in writing various Docker files and built container images to create Docker containers for each environment and further pushed
them to Amazon ECR for storage.
e Experienced in setting up Kubernetes dashboard and worked on creating pods, replica sets, services, deployments, health checks and
ingress by writing YAML manifests.
¢ Involved in maintaining, managing and improving cloud infrastructure on AWS by creating EC2 instances, Auto Scaling Groups, LAM,
VPC’s, CloudFront.
e Experience in preparing and maintaining documentation for changes build and release management process and also sharing the Root cause
analysis with the team in case of P1 issues.
* Technologies Used: AWS, GitHub, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Chef.

Release Engineer, 02/2018 - 10/2020
Zoom — AZ, State

e Planned and executed the SAAS releases to all the SBX and PROD customer instances hosted across multiple regions.

¢ Used Jenkins as the build server and integrated it with GitHub for daily CI activities.

e Experience in using RightScale as a Cloud Management service and created various deployments and Linux servers where the customer
instances are hosted.

e Used Grafana dashboard actively as a monitoring tool to check the load on deployments for an efficient unerring release.

e Experience in using AWS services like EC2, $3, SES, LAM, CloudFront, CloudWatch, RDS for instance managements, backup storages,
email service, access management, CDN and logging respectively.

¢ Responsible for troubleshooting various issues in the Linux systems for various deployments.

e Experience in using Docker in a Linux environment for delivering the application into various environments.

¢ Worked on supporting the SRE related activities for troubleshooting server/deployment issues across multiple regions.

e Managed all the releases using an internal tool Control-Next which acts as a dashboard to track the progress on the releases.

¢ Worked in migrating the customer instances to updated MySql deployments upon the dependency of ES stack.

e Experience in using Application Load balancers with a good knowledge of traffic patterns, usage of dependency services, security, load,
responsiveness and durability in the event of failure and route them to downstream servers.

e Experience is writing documentation for runbooks on new release strategies and various major incidents occurred as part of releases.

e Experience in using Rundeck for upgrading microservices as part of on-going SAAS releases.

¢ Primary contact for all standard and off cycle enterprise releases throughout the entire organization.

« Communicated and collaborated with the CVM team and the customer support for release related queries and rollbacked the SBX/PROD
instances to the previous version in case of any issue.

¢ Worked closely with the development team to integrate new deployment processes and strategies to meet our feature requirements.

* Directly reports all the daily release activities to the Senior Manager in the Release Management and further discusses the root cause of the
escalation failures with the SRE team.

e Technologies Used: AWS, Github, Maven, Jenkins, RightScale, Rundeck, Docker, Chef.

DevOps Engineer, 06/2017 - 02/2018
Bae Systems — Manassas, VA
« Implemented the CI/CD pipeline cycle for multiple teams from scratch in all environments.
e Experience on using Bitbucket with Admin privileges and created various repositories to integrate them with Jenkins.
e Experience in setting up Jenkins jobs for the respective projects and completely involved in the build process.
e Experience in using pipeline jobs in Jenkins for various projects.
e Monitored the overall build process and responsible for maintaining the code coverage results in SonarQube dashboard.
e Experience in using Jfrog and Nexus repository in CI pipeline for pushing the build artifacts for future process.
e Experience in pushing the Docker images from Jenkins to Nexus and maintaining the various versions of it.
© Worked closely with the development team for resolving the issues occurred due to the build process.
e Experience in using Docker compose files for the communication between multiple containers.
¢ Knowledge on implementing the blue/green deployment techniques using Docker and Kubernetes for zero down time achievement.
e Written Ansible scripts for picking up the Docker images and deploying them onto the target server.
e Experience in using SQL server for maintaining, pulling or inserts records into the database.
e Technologies Used: Stash/Bitbucket, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, MYSQL Workbench.

EDUCATION

Master's: Computer Science
University of Central Missouri - Kansas City, Missouri
GPA: 3.4/4.0

Bachelors: Electronics and Communication Engineering
JNTU - Hyderabad
GPA: 3.0/4.0