JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am a motivated IT professional with hands on experience in DevOps, systems administration, and systems configuration. To dive in a bit
deeper, I have experience in developing and refining the CI/CD pipeline. Also installing. configuring, networking, and maintaining Linux
operating systems, such as RedHat, and Ubuntu. I am an enthusiastic team player, always looking for innovative and efficient engineering
solutions. I’m an energetic self-starter capable of learning quickly with minimal guidance. I am seeking to progress my career in reputable
company with my Information Technology skills, where I will use my skills and experience in Linux and DevOps to contribute to the active
growth and productivity of the company.

SKILLS

e Cloud platforms: AWS, Azure e Testing and deployment

e Framework/DevOps tools: JIRA, SonarQube, Nexus, Jenkins, © Design and development
Slack, AzureDevOps e Testing and debugging

¢ Build Tools: Ant, Maven, MS Build ¢ Installation

* SCMs: SVN, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab, Azure Repos ¢ Configuration

e IAC Tools: Puppet, Ansible, Terraform e Knowledge of and experience with personal computers, network

e Containers/Orchestration: Docker, Kubernetes devices, terminal server

e Application/Web Servers: Tomcat, WebLogic 9.x/10.x/12c, * Configuration management
Apache 2.x/1.3.x, JBoss 7.1 e JIRA

¢ IT solution building e Application development

e Operating Systems: HP-UX, Solaris 10, Ubuntu 16.0.4, Red Hat e System Administration
Linux, Windows ¢ Tools customization

e Databases: Oracle. SQL Server, MySQL, PostgresSQL © Active Directory

e Programming Languages: Java © Solarwind

© Scripting & Other Tools: Groovy, UNIX Shell Scripts (Ksh, Bash), © Service Now
Git Bash, Putty, 1Term
e Direct server support

e Task prioritization
EXPERIENCE

DevOps Engineer, 02/2018 - 10/2020
Two95 International Inc. — Franklin, TN

e Working with DevSecOps team to develop and refine CI/CD pipeline from tickets to deliverables

* Collaborated with development team members to create and integrate high availability solutions for mission-critical applications.

* Created and implemented tracking software with modules designed for specific client needs.

e Tested and troubleshot application and documented issue resolutions for development team.

e Partner with Solution Engineering and Reliability Engineering team leads to create, implement and apply DevSecOps principles, processes
and culture that are consumed by delivery teams across Consulting.

¢ Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing
immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in.

e Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams.

e Integrated GitHub web hooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out

e Assist application teams with on-boarding to the adopted security tools/technologies; working with vendors to troubleshoot the platform
and issues related to such integrations. process.

¢ Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins.

* Created Dockerfile and automated docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker.

e Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using Terraform and Ansible.

* Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.

¢ Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds
when conditions not met.

¢ Setup Kuberetes clusters using Amazon EKS.

* Optimized project development and roll-out through in-depth technical research and analysis of risk-reward scenarios.

e Grasped user needs and drove development to working prototype stages.

¢ Motivated software engineer passionate about architecting, defining issues, and building at scale in cloud environments.

¢ Developed strong communication, active listening and interpersonal skills, which were used when collaborating with product development
team and other stakeholders.

AZURE CLOUD ENGINEER, 11/2015 - 01/2018
Alvarez & Marsal — Dallas, TX
e Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for deployment.
e Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD on on AzureDevOps pipeline
* Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using AzureDevOps pipelines
¢ Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.
¢ Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months.
* Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions were not met.
* Designed and delivered mission-critical infrastructure to maintain consistent availability and performance.
¢ Led cross-functional teams in systems integration projects.
¢ Defined technical integration strategy and developed integration plans.
« Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
e Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
* Collaborated with others to discuss new opportunities.
¢ Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
¢ Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
e Achieved cost-savings by developing functional solutions to existing problems.
¢ Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer’s workstation for detecting defects early during development.
e Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving developer workflow, increasing
scalability, and optimizing speed.
e Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team
¢ Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.
* Devised and deployed system improvements to boost storage environment reliability and effectiveness.
e Handled troubleshooting tasks for Local Area Networks, Wide Area Networks and voice systems to reduce network connectivity problems.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

Network Engineer, 02/2012 - 12/2015
Transmarket Group — Chicago, IL

e Serve as an escalation point for support as required for specific network or equipment issues

¢ Installed and maintained voiceover IP and VTC devices, checking customer availability for various networks.

e Maintained production network according to company SLAs to fulfill agreed-upon client specifications.

e Assisted various departments in maintaining network security by configuring remote routers and firewalls.

* Responded promptly to information assurance notifications to detect vulnerabilities and protect clients.

¢ Configured and implemented Cisco ASA firewalls to provide clients with comprehensive security, antivirus protection and virtual network
capabilities.

¢ Identify and resolve outlying network issues

* Identify bugs and report findings to engineering

e Triage service outages by documenting and finding patterns

* Create and solve tickets using Zendesk and Snow

© Clearly communicate with customers and partners via ticketing system and over the phone

e Work with partners/customers to assist in the resolution of equipment or network level outages

¢ Provided smooth communications by configuring LAN technology, wireless access points and controllers.

¢ Performed and documented runbook network operations using step-by-step decision trees.

¢ Configured network equipment for installations, performed lifecycle refreshes and performed post-installation testing for tumkey services.

¢ Met with stakeholders and presented in-depth information on hardware and software products, delivering expertise to make appropriate
purchasing decisions.

e Slashed expenses and increased allocation of available resources by auditing schedule, cost and contract performance.

« Maximized network availability and performance by monitoring, troubleshooting, resolving outages and scheduling upgrades.

e Reviewed system logs to determine usage levels, bandwidth, performance, and system security to target inefficiencies and implement
appropriate solutions.

e Eradicated multi-faceted network issues involving hardware, software, power and communications.

e Maintained hardware and software for networks and assisted in installation and upgrade of servers.

¢ Implemented, tested, validated, and maintained networking services according to solution designs.

e Managed network performance and implemented changes to improve efficiency.

e Implemented Cisco ACI (Application Centric Integration) technology to combine cloud computing and data center management.

Desktop Engineer, L2, 02/2009 - 11/2012
HCL Americas — City, STATE

e Created desk images for software

¢ Troubleshot desktop and notebook issues with clients and company employees.

* Oversaw daily performance of computer use and maintenance.

¢ Performed maintenance on several desktop computers daily.

¢ Developed and maintained accurate network documentation and Visio diagrams to provide management with proper understanding of
organizational needs.

e Explained technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from all walks of life and in various job positions.

e Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.

* Consulted via telephone to understand user problems, run through testing scripts and ask probing questions to locate root causes.

¢ Configured new employee work stations, including all hardware. software and peripheral devices.

e Disassembled computer systems to troubleshoot and resolve hardware issues.

e Documented repair processes and helped streamline procedures for future technical support actions.

¢ Completed root cause analysis on routine and complex problems.

¢ Drafted whitepapers, user manuals, implementation documentation and support base entries to reduce customer tickets and customer
service expenses and enable support team to solve customer queries effectively.

¢ Conferred with vendors to obtain replacement hardware or software and escalate more complex concerns.

e Removed malware and viruses from laptops and desktop systems using specialized software.

e Completed proof-of-concept thin-client web framework for enterprise intelligence applications with web developer under extreme
deadline.

¢ Worked with external departments to affect job improvements.

e Established and oversaw team of 4 support specialists delivering assistance to customers in global environment.

e Provided senior technical support to both in-house staff and user departments for all network applications.

e Reviewed current hardware and software and recommended modifications to increase system speed.

® Observed system functioning and entered commands to test different areas of operations.

¢ Developed application framework that served as cornerstone for highly successful thin-client web applications strategy.

¢ Updated software versions with patches and new installations to close security loopholes and protect users.

© Identified issues and implemented appropriate solutions to deliver quick and effective remediation.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate of Science: Business English, 05/2009
Virginia University (VIU) - Firfax Virginia

Associate of Science: Information Technology, 03/2013
North Lake College - Irving, TX

DevOps Training
DevOps Coach - Dallas Texas

A+, N+, CCNA, Firewall
NIIT

03/2013

Advance Linux - Dallas Texas