JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

DevOps Engineer proudly offering over many years of experience fixing bugs in coding with source control tools. Polished professional
successful designing, testing and implementing infrastructure and applications for various clients. Offering IT solution building expertise in
fast-paced environments.

SKILLS
¢ Technical Skills e Terminal Services - Remote Desktop Services, Terminal Services,
e Linux - Red Hat Enterprise Linux /5/6/7/8, Cent OS 5/6/7, * Scripting — Python
Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 © DevOps — Git, Jenkins, Jira, Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible.

e VirtuJessicazation
EXPERIENCE

07/2020 to 03/2022 DevOps Engineer
Motorola Solutions — San Antonio, TX

¢ Deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems in an AWS Cloud
environment

¢ Configure and implement Cloud resources to support new applications

¢ Develop and maintain Infrastructure as Code

e Resolved AWS Cloud operations incidents and problems

© Deployed updates and fixes and Provided technical support

e Performed root cause analysis for production errors

e Support the production of weekly activity reports, software development life cycle (SDLC) documents and
checklists, risk and issues log and required artifacts

e Hands-on experience configuring and operating AWS services including EC2, VPC, $3,

¢ Cloudformation and LAM

e Took ownership of and manage projects through to successful completion

* Monitored systems to identify potential problems and improve performance

¢ Provide support for end-user issues as needed

04/2017 to 03/2020 Linux / Devops Engineer
State Of North Carolina — Smithfield, NC

Monitored logs in Linux servers, including processes, crash and swap management, with password recovery and
performance tuning

¢ Build, installed, configured Red Hat Linux servers in a data center environment

¢ Troubleshoot and resolved software and hardware problems, interface with vendor technical support to resolve
problems

e Resolved issues and problems regarding NFS mounts

e Day-to-day functional administration tasks, as well as application-specific technical support Providing 24x7
enterprise hardware and software support in development

e Applied OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities

¢ Provided User management and support.

e Respond to security alerts with risk evaluation and monitoring /report on unauthorized access attempts.

09/2014 to 02/2017 Security Officer
Accenture Federal Services, AFS — City, STATE
e Guarded restricted areas to prevent unauthorized entry.
e Followed established security and safety procedures and posted orders to include enforcement of company rules,
policies and regulations.
e Secured personnel and premises by inspecting buildings and patrolling property.
¢ Documented security-related situations and submitted in-depth reports to superiors.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2017 Associate of Science: Science
Columbus State Community College - Columbus. OH

Computer Science
Franklin University - Columbus, OH