JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DUPE- Strong decision-maker with more than 3 years of experience in software engineering and application development. Effective coach
and mentor and committed to leading exceptionally gifted teams. Ready to work closely with both teams and customers to identify most
efficient and beneficial solutions for process improvement. Multi-talented solution architect with some DevOps knowledge consistently
rewarded for success in planning and operational improvements. Experience in policy development and staff management procedures
positively impacting overall morale and productivity.

SKILLS
e AWS product knowledge. e Clients, Supervisor
¢ Experience of working with enterprise IT. e Customer service, Time management
¢ Project experience implementing core infrastructure. e Engineer, Visio
« Exposure to API management, NOSQL, Caching. Messaging, e English
Kinesis, and other AWS technologies. e Features
¢ Technical support e French
« Customer service e HTML
¢ Excellent communication skills e Javascript
¢ Knowledge of HTML, css, javascript, e Meetings
* Microsoft office (Excel, powerpoint, word, visio, etc) e Messaging
e Language e Excel
e English (Advanced) © Microsoft office
e French (Advanced) © Powerpoint
e APT. Quality assurance e Word
e Architect, Quality control e Enterprise
* Automation, Rapport * NOSQL
« Billing, Maintain records e Personnel
« Communication skills, Reporting © Policies
¢ Configuration management, Safety © Processes
e Css, Scaling * Quality
* Client, SQL
Work History

12/2019 to Current Devops Engineer
Computer Services, Inc. — Mesquite, TX

* Develop tools and processes to improve customer relation’ interaction with systems.

¢ Develop automation framework for public cloud infrastructure deployments.

e Participate in architecture planning sessions with development team.

e Educate customers on best practices in terms of redundant, self-healing architectures and application deployment
workflows.

¢ Design and implement solutions for monitoring, scaling, performance improvement, and configuration
management of systems running SaaS applications.

e Perform code reviews, evaluate implementations, and provide feedback for tool improvements.

03/2014 to Current Medical, Technician I
Icon — Chicago, IL

e Duties and Responsibilities:

¢ Follow the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining
records of patient test result:.

¢ Maintain records that demonstrate that proficiency testing samples are tested in the same manner as patient
specimens:.

e Analyze specimens using approved testing procedures (see department SOPs).

e Review and release test results.

e Follow CLIA, HIPAA, OSHA, and safety guidelines as described in their respective guidelines.

e Adhere to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and
procedural calibrations and all maintenance performed:.

e Follow the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's
established acceptable levels of performance.

e Identify problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results, correct the problems
encountered or immediately notify the senior technologist or supervisor.

¢ Document all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratories established performance
specifications.

e Follow department's procedure in reporting critical results to clients.

e If applicable, answer questions from customers or other lab personnel.

e Maintain complete records of all testing performed on-site.

e Maintain general appearance of the department.

e Make sure reagents/test kits have received dates, expiration dates, and if applicable opened dates.

e Review/train on new procedures.

e Attend monthly department and any additional training/educational meetings.

¢ Participate in all applicable safety training sessions.

e Know the location and contents of the safety manual.

e Know the location/use of all applicable safety equipment.

e May perform some moderate-complexity testing with specific on-site training provided.

12/2014 to 01/2019 IT Helpdesk
Compass Group Usa Inc — Gilbert, AZ
© Provide helpdesk support to end-users of proprietary software.
e Answer questions about product features and resolve user problems.
¢ Document all issues and generate reports detailing common problems and error trends.
e Escalate service questions to appropriate client representatives.
e Respond to client account question, including billing and field service requests.
e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of all company systems.
e Fill in for in-house IT services as needed, installing new desktop systems for developers, project managers, quality
managers. and quality assurance team members.

EpucATION

WEBER STATE UNIVERSITY - ONLINE

Enthusiastic AWS solutions architect/Devops Engineer seeking to benefit an IT Department with complex technical knowledge and strong
time management skills. Skilled at building rapport with diverse individuals while handling complex technical issues. Vast knowledge of
various AWS technologies, and other software. Medical laboratory science program

2017 Health information Technology
CAPELLA UNIVERSITY - ONLINE

2012 Associate of Art Degree
HINDS COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Raymond, MS
Certifications/ training aws solution artictect aws devops engineer SQL training

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Resolved product issue through consumer testing.
¢ Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.
¢ Collaborated with team of 7 in the development of project.

CERTIFICATIONS

e First Aid/CPR Certified
e AWS solutions architect
e Devops knowledge

« SQL TRAINING