JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Self-motivated individual and Enthusiastic Senior DevOps Engineer. Passionate for technology and I have a proven track record of thriving in
fast-paced environments. I am always searching for the latest tools and methodologies. Being able to work confidently by myself has allowed
me to become proficient in a wide variety of technologies whilst my strong interpersonal skills have enabled me to excel in teams also. The
tools and technologies I use most include Jenkins, Ansible. Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, Linux, AWS, and Azure.

SKILLS

Cloud Services Nexus, JFrog Artifactory

AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform Container/ Orchestration Tools

Infrastructure as Code (IaC) AWS ECS, Docker, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, EKA, ECR.
Terraform, AWS Cloud Formation. Web/Application Servers

Operating Systems WebSphere Application Server, Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, Nginx.
Red Hat, CentOS & SUSE, Ubuntu, Solaris, DEBAIN, Windows. Configuration Management Tools

Scripting/Programming Languages Ansible, Chef, Puppet

Python, Perl, Shell, Groovy, Bash Monitoring Tools

Version Control Tools Splunk, ELK, Cloud Watch, Dynatrace, Datadog. dat, Prometheus.
GIT, GitHub, Bit Bucket. Databases

Build Tools MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, SQL Server, Oracle DB2.
Apache Maven, Gradle, AWS Code Build CI Tools

Artifact Storage Jenkins, Bamboo, Team City, Circle CI, GitLab

CorE COMPETENCIES

e Experienced in Build/Release management using different cloud services of AWS (Amazon web service), and Microsoft Azure as major
infrastructure.

¢ Demonstrated expertise in designing and providing high-quality products and feasible solutions with strong focus on quality and agility,
as well as encouraging and automating deployments on AWS to drive overall business growth.

e Expertise in DevOps, Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure, End-to End Automation which includes Azure, Amazon Web
Services, Jenkins, Maven, GitHub, Ant, SonarQube, Ansible, Chef, Tomcat, and Linux.

e Expertise in creating DevOps strategy in a mix environment of Linux (RHEL, CENTOS) servers and Windows along with (AWS)
Amazon Web Services. Built and Maintained Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes, Linux, Bash, GIT, and Docker on
AWS.

« Experienced in installing and maintaining different application and web servers like Web Sphere, Web logic, Apache Tomcat, Nginx,
WebLogic and JBoss.

e Worked on Azure resources such as AKS. ACS, VPN, Azure VM, VMNet, VMSS, Azure AD. Azure Data Services, Azure Storage,
Azure Databases (SQL & CosmosDB), Azure Backup, Azure Site Recovery, Azure Batch, API Management, Azure App Services.

e Extensively involved in writing Infrastructure as a code (IaC) in Terraform, Azure resource management (ARM), AWS Cloud
Formation (CFT), and created reusable Terraform modules for both Azure and AWS cloud environments.

e Experience in Kubernetes to deploy scale. load balance, and manage Docker containers with multiple names spaced versions using
Helm charts and managed Kubemetes services and AWS Kubermetes services.

¢ Developed Shell and Python Scripts used to automate administrative tasks and automation of the build and release process.

e Experience in created monitors, alarms & notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch. Implemented Kubernetes to deploy scale, load
balance, scale and manage Docker containers with multiple names spaced versions.

e Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments by writing
Groovy scripts.

« Knowledge of databases like MySQL, MSSQL, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, Oracle, IBM DB2 and NoSQL.

« Created AWS EBS volumes for storing application files for use with AWS EC2 instances whenever they are mounted to them and
installed Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) on EC2 to manage containers created by PCF.

e Experience in working on Docker Hub, creating Docker-images, and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations
and domain configuration.

« Good Knowledge of Implementing Configuration Management Tools Puppet, Chef and Ansible and creating Infrastructure as Code
(faC).

EXPERIENCE

11/2020 to Current DevOps Engineer
Radancy — Burbank, IL

e Extensive experience in designing and implementation of Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery,
Continuous Deployment through AWS and Jenkins.

e Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform and its features including LAM, EC2, EBS, RDS, Cloud
Watch, Cloud Formation, Autoscaling, Cloud Front, $3, SQS, SNS, and Route53.

¢ Designed, configured, and managed public/private cloud infrastructures utilizing Amazon Web Services (AWS)
including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups (SG), Route Tables,
Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Network ACL’s and NAT Gateways.

Worked on implementing a 'Serverless' architecture using API Gateway, Lambda and Dynamo DB and
deployed AWS Lambda code from Amazon $3 buckets. Created a Lambda Deployment function and configured it
to receive events from your $3 bucket.

* Migrated few Cloud formation templates to Terraform by using various AWS modules and Secured the
Terraform state file in S3 buckets.

e Designed and implemented security standards in cloud and on premise as per CIS (Centre for Internet Security)
benchmarking for hardening multiple AWS accounts through automation scripts using Terraform.

e Extensively involved with Infrastructure as Code (IaC), execution plans, resource graphs and change automations
using Terraform. Also, managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform.

e Performed application migration to Docker and containers for various projects and established the use of Blue/
Green Deployments, Load Balancers and AWS EC2 spot instances.

e Responsible for analyzing various cross-functional, multi-platform applications systems enforcing Python best
practices and provide guidance in making long term architectural design decisions.

* Used Git Webhooks and Poll SCM with Jenkins to automate Jenkins tasks and responsible for writing Groovy
scripts for Jenkins Pipelines.

¢ Created and maintained the configuration of the Spring Application Framework (IOC) and implemented business
logic using EJB.

e Automated Build artifacts (TAR, WAR & EAR) using continuous integration tools and created pom.xml in Apache
Maven and run the builds using Continuous Integration tool Jenkins.

¢ Created Maven POMs to automate the build process for the new projects and integrated them with third party tools
like SonarQube. JFrog.

¢ Performed various types of testing like Unit Testing, Performance Testing, Integration Testing, Sanity Checks,
Cross Browser, Ad-Hoc Testing, Load Testing and UAT.

e Using Bash and Python with Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Terraform for tasks such as encrypting
EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.

e Built scalable Docker infrastructure for Microservices utilizing Elastic Container Service (ECS) by creating Task
definitions JSON file.

e Experience with container-based deployments using Docker and working with Docker images, Docker Hub and
Docker Registries, installation and configuring Kubernetes and clustering them.

e Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool to automate repetitive tasks, quickly
deploying critical applications and proactively managing changes.

e Created alarms and trigger points in AWS CloudWatch based on thresholds and monitored the server's CPU
Utilization, performance, and disk usage. Utilized AWS CloudWatch services to monitor the environment for
performance and operational metrics during load testing.

e Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed
Kubernetes manifest files, also managed releases of Helm packages.

e Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, and fault tolerant Kubernetes infrastructure.

e Experience in working with GIT to store the code and integrated it with Ansible Tower to deploy the Ansible
Playbooks written in YAML.

¢ Implemented Performance testing using Apache JMeter and created a dashboard using Grafana along with
Prometheus to view the results and analyze the infrastructure and service monitoring with required alerts for clean
workspace.

¢ Used Bash and Python, to supplement automation provided by Ansible, terraform for tasks such as encrypting
EBS volumes backing AMIs, scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.

e Involved in setting up JIRA as a defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations, and
plugins for JIRA bug/issue tracker and used JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking, and project management.

09/2019 to 10/2020 DevOps Engineer / SRE
Compulink Management Center, Inc — Long Beach, CA

¢ Migrated Services from On-premises Kubermetes to Azure Cloud Environments. Collaborated with application

teams to maintain high-quality deployment.

e Implemented Azure services such as Azure Active Directory (AD), Azure cloud services, IIS, Azure storage,

Azure Blob Storage, Resource Manager (ARM). SQL Database, Azure VM. Azure Functions, Azure Service
Bus, Azure Service Fabric.

e Created a new Azure Active Directory (Azure AD ADFS application and service principal that can be used with

the role-based access control access to Azure Stack resources.

e Configured Azure Container Registry (ACR) to store Docker images and Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to

deploy the spring applications and managed the Kuberetes cluster in Azure.

¢ Implemented cluster services using Docker and Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) to manage local deployments

in Kubernetes by building a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster using Jenkins CICD pipeline.

e Managed Kuberetes charts using Helm and created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications,
templatized Kubernetes manifests, and provide a set of configuration parameters to customize the deployment and
managed releases of Helm packages.

Managed Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) policies, providing access to different Azure resources and
developing and improving the workflows that govern access.

e Created Terraform templates for provisioning virtual networks, VM Scale sets, Load balancers, and NAT rules
and used terraform graph to visualize execution plan using the graph command.

¢ Terraform was used along with Packer to create custom machine images, and once the infrastructure was
provided the software dependencies were then installed using Ansible.

¢ Wrote Terraform Reusable module for Infrastructure provisioning of various resources like V-net, v-net peering,

subnets, API-Management service, cosmos-DB, storage accounts.

Integrated Ansible plugins with Jenkins to provide automation, continuous integration & Continuous Deployment

(CICD) through Jenkins and wrote Ansible Playbooks to automate Ansible target nodes using YAML scripting.

Created CI/CD Pipelines in Azure DevOps environments by providing their dependencies and tasks. Also

implemented and managed continuous delivery systems and methodologies on Azure and created end to end

automation with Continuous Integration Procedures using Jenkins and automated by integrating Maven build

plugins with Jenkins.

¢ Implemented Jenkins Workflow and Plugins for repeatable deployments of multi-tier applications, artifacts, and
services to Docker.

¢ Created a custom golden image using hashi corp packer based on the base image for installing the required
software for the teams and deployed the VMs using terraform modules.

e Worked with Azure Monitoring tools such as Azure Network Watcher, Azure Service Health, and Azure Log
Analytics to diagnose and reduce service degradation. Used Kibana and Datadog Monitor Tool to troubleshoot
services, root cause analysis, and security solutions.

e Involved in setting up Azure Monitoring tools like log analytics and Azure Application Insights for all the
resource of Access level logs, resource level logs of entire subscription, and store the logs in event hub.

© Deployed Site-Site VPN and VNETs using PowerShell and deployed Virtual Machines (VMs) into various Subnets
and enabled communication between various Subnets.

¢ Worked with version control tools such as GIT and Bitbucket. Comprehensive knowledge of source controller
concepts including branches, tags, conflicts, merges, and Branching Strategies.

e Designed Agile custom Templates for an Organization within the Azure DevOps for multiple Projects, like users
Onboarding with different levels of access into the organizations and projects.

e For identifying and updating project defects and for tracking user stories and backlogs we have used the Rally tool.

04/2018 to 08/2019 AWS Developer / DevOps Engineer
Paysafe Group — City, STATE
¢ Implemented fault-tolerant, elasticity, and exceptionally accessible AWS Cloud Infrastructure automated with
different resources, EC2, LAM, VPC, ELB, Route53, $3, Glacier, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trails, RDS, SNS, Auto
Scaling Group for many applications using code reusable Terraform modules.
¢ Implemented Security groups for inbound/outbound access, network ACLs for controlling traffic through
subnets, Internet Gateways, NAT instances, and Route Tables to direct the network traffic and to ensure secure
zones for organizations in AWS public cloud.
e Performed Elastic Load Balancing to distribute incoming traffic among multiple AWS EC2 instances for scaling
up and scaling down depending on incoming traffic.
e Created IAM Roles and Policies to provide specific permissions to the AWS Services depending on the application
and the environment in which the application is deployed (Development, Testing, and Production).
Rewritten AWS CloudFormation templates to convert them into Terraform templates by writing the reusable
Terraform modules.

¢ Created Re-usable Nested stacks, which were used in the Cloud formation template for the creation of multiple

resources in AWS. Created multiple cloud formation Stack sets to deploy the templates across multiple AWS

accounts and regions in single operations.

Provided high availability for laaS VMs and PaaS role instances for access from other services in the V Net with

Azure Internal Load Balancer.

e Identifying opportunities to improve infrastructure that effectively and efficiently utilizes the Microsoft Azure
Windows server 2008/2012/R2, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Visual Studio, Windows PowerShell, Cloud
infrastructure.

e Designed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces
(NICs), VMs, and subnets.

e Written Terraform templates to provision AWS dynamic Infrastructure as code to build staging and production
environments. Managed different infrastructure resources, like VMs, Docker containers.

e Created and written Chef Cookbooks with additional requested packages and prompted Jenkins to pull the code
from GitHub and deployed them in various non-production environments.

e Wrote Chef Cookbooks to automate the installation and update process of Apache Tomcat, MySQL, and Java in
the horizontal clusters by using CI Jenkins pipelining. Responsible for version control of Chef Cookbooks, testing
of Cookbooks using Test Kitchen, and running recipes on nodes managed by on-premises Chef Server.

e Integrated Maven, Ant, and GitHub in Jenkins to build and deploy artifacts to Nexus Artifactory.

e Worked in handling multiple Docker images primarily for middleware installation and domain configurations.

e Achieved continuous delivery goal on the highly scalable environment using Docker coupled with load-balancing
tool Nginx.

e Managed major architectural changes from a single server large software system to a distributed system with
Kubernetes orchestration.

¢ Configured and maintained Jenkins Master-Slave setup by enabling password-less SSH login between server and
nodes to manage and distribute the building workload evenly across different nodes.

¢ Configured central and distributed repository and assisted developers with branching, labeling/naming
conventions using Subversion (SVN) and Git source control.

¢ Involved in creating Dynatrace and SPLUNK dashboards for business defined KPIs (Key Performance Indicator)
and performance dashboards for applications performance monitoring using application insights and Dynatrace
SAAS.

03/2016 to 01/2018 Build and Release Engineer
Kantar — City, STATE
e Experienced with Java build/automaton tools such as ANT, Jenkins, and Maven. Involved in conversion of the
source code from the SVN to GIT. Worked closely with other teams, which was migrating from SVN to GIT.
Helped them in the CM Planning and Build/Deploy processes.
¢ Implemented Shell, Perl and Python scripts for release and build automation. Manipulated and automated scripts
to suit the requirements.
Responsible for automated Scheduled Builds/Emergency Builds and Release using ANT scripts for Enterprise
application.

e Created and Maintained Subversion Branching, Merging, and tagging across each production releases. Assist
developers in integrating their code with the mainstream.

© Deployed and maintained infrastructure using Ansible playbooks.

¢ Worked on Configuration Management Tool Chef & created Chef Cookbooks using recipes to automate system
operations. Server automation with Chef and used tools like Maven for deployment and build management.

e Created featured develop release branches in STASH (GIT) for different application to support releases and CI
builds.

e Enabled Continuous Delivery through Deployment into several environments of Development, Test and Production
using Maven and SonarQube.

¢ Created a script to generate jar files for the change-set related to a particular JIRA ticket, which was then uploaded

automatically to the FTP server.

Provided end-user support, performed baseline build, merges. software release management, and other SCM

activities.

¢ Setting up the new build environment for various products in Linux environment implemented the Release
practice and responsible for pushing builds into DEV/ QA / SIT / UAT.

¢ Implemented new JIRA workflows for the QA teams and worked on Splitting JIRA server's configuration.
Managed Jira users and created workflows, issue types, fields in production.

¢ Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the
agile process.

¢ Performed Installing Red Hat Linux using kickstart and applying security polices for hardening the server based
on the company policies.

e Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware ESX 4.x, 5.x., Performing capacity analysis,
monitoring, and controlling disk space usage on systems.

e Monitoring system activities and fine-tuning system parameters and configurations to optimize performance and
ensuring security of systems.

¢ Designing Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application, Setting up network
environments using TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, VSFTP and DHCP

¢ Setting up user and group login ID's, printing parameters, network configuration, password, resolving permissions
and access related issues via ACL.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master: Management of Technology
Fairfield University

Bachelor of Technology: Computer Science
Aurora College of Engineering