Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

As a AWS and Red Hat certified Architect with a background in coud computing, networking and application development, I have a

proven track record of delivering successful projects, using my passion for learning, problem-solving, and collaboration. I have

experience in various technology domains and have led teams through system transformations. I'm determined to deliver depth and

agility on next-gen solutions.
Skills

Cloud: OpenStack, AWS, Azure

Container: Docker, Kubernetes, EKS, AKS, Podman, OpenShift,
Rancher

Virtualization: KVM/oVitt, Red Hat Virtualization, OpenStack,
LXC/LXD, VMware

Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB

Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, ELK

CI/CD: Jenkins, Argo CD, GitHub actions

IaC/Configuration management: Terraform, Ansible

Experience

DevOps Engineer, 11/2022 to Current
Jpmorgan Chase & Co. —- Oklahoma City, OK

Scripting: Python, Bash

Version Control: git, GitHub, GitLab, Gogs

OS: RedHat, Centos, Ubuntu, Fedora, Suse

Storage: Ceph, GlusterFS, LVM, GFS2, NFS

Networking: VLAN, LACP, OSPF, BGP, OVS, OpenFlow,
VXLAN, OVN

IAM: LDAP, Active Directory

Security: WAF, CheckPoint, FortiWeb

¢ Developed procedures to automate code builds and deployments.

¢ Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop effective solutions.

¢ Coordinated installation of software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and implementation of new

features.

¢ Migrating infrastructure, data, and applications from existing data centers into cloud and hybrid (public and private)

environments

Testing and troubleshooting migrated systems in virtualized architecture.

e Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-quality testing

and final implementation.

¢ Monitoring both infrastructure and applications using Prometheus-Grafana and Splunk for comprehensive and efficient

monitoring.

¢ Deploying and managing highly available Kubernetes clusters in both on-premise and cloud environments

¢ Developed company-wide technical strategy plans for Python-based assets, overseeing development, coding, debugging and

Deployment.

¢ Designing and implementing robust CI/CD pipelines utilizing industry-leading tools including GitHub Actions, CircleCl,

Jenkins and Argo CD

¢ Creating and managing Terraform modules for provisioning infrastructure on cloud providers such as AWS, and Azure
e Expertise in utilizing various AWS services, including VPC, EC2, LAM, ECS, EBS, RDS, $3, Lambda, ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53,
Cloud Front, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, SQS, and SNS to design and implement scalable and highly available solutions

DevOps Engineer/Cloud Engineer, 10/2019 to 10/2022
Deloitte & Touche L.L.P. — San Jose, CA

e Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Travis CI, and

GitLab CI/CD.

¢ Strong knowledge of containerization and experience with Docker, Kubernetes and other container orchestration tools.
e Experience with cloud infrastructure and services such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
¢ Knowledge of infrastructure as code and experience with tools such as Terraform and Ansible.

e Experience with monitoring and logging tools such as Prometheus, Grafana and ELK Stack

e Experience with automated testing and test-driven development

Strong understanding of security best practices and experience with security tools such as SELinux, AppArmor, and Istio.
¢ Experience with database administration and management (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL)

e Strong understanding of networking concepts and experience with load balancers, DNS, and VPNs

e Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills for resolving issues related to the application and infrastructure.
e Installing and managing highly available open-source database clusters including PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MariaDB, ensuring
high performance and reliability for mission-critical applications

e Ability in swiftly resolving complex issues related to AWS transit gateway configurations, VPN connections, VPC route-tables,
Workspaces, $3, and NACL/Security Groups, by utilizing in-depth knowledge of AWS services, troubleshooting skills and strong

analytical ability

¢ Designs detailed migration plans for workloads from any platform to AWS.

Implemented P2V transformation project of 1000 Linux servers to VMware farms and AWS cloud computing environments.

¢ Help our customer to migrate from on-premises resources to AWS/Azure and use AWS as disaster recovery site in some cases

¢ Deploying and effectively managing highly-available Kubernetes/OpenShift clusters in both on-premise and cloud environments

¢ Utilizing the Operator Framework, creating a Kubernetes operator and custom Helm plugins to automate complex tasks more

efficiently

e Implemented and integrated CI/CD pipeline with Terraform to automate infrastructure deployment

Cloud Infrastructure Engineer, 03/2017 to 08/2019
Empyrean Benefit Solutions — Lavergne, TN

¢ Designed and built cloud service models including Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, and Container As Service.
¢ Build, test, and deploy ccalable, highly available OpenStack Private and public doud environments using TripleO

¢ Developed hybrid cloud delivery model allowing for customers to choose mix of public and private clouds to meet their

individual needs

e Container orchestration with docker swarm and Kubernetes building auto provisioning cluster and helping customers with

deploy apps in micro services architecture.

¢ experience in Design and deploy CI/CD pipelines (CircleCI, Jenkins,)
¢ Worked in all areas of Jenkins setting up CI for new branches, build automation, plugin management and securing Jenkins and

setting up master/slave configurations.

¢ Integrating various Version control tools, build tools, nexus and deployment methodologies (scripting) into Jenkins to create an

end-to-end orchestration build cycles.

¢ Maintain product release process, including generating and delivering release packages, generate various metrics for tracking

issues against releases and the means of tracking compatibility among products.

Software Engineer , 12/2014 to 02/2017
Enthsquare — City, STATE

¢ Developing web applications implementing model view control architecture using Django, Django Rest Framework

¢ Build high-performance web applications using Django, Celery, Redis
¢ Working with server-side technologies including database, restful API, and MVC design patterns

¢ Working with continuous deployment using Jenkins and Travis-Cl

¢ Build docker containers and deploy containers to docker-swarm clusters

* Managing internal GitHub and creating workflows to implement CI/CD pipelines

¢ Write Ansible roles to automate Linux servers patching and application configurations

¢ Setting up ELK stack for cental log management

Education and Training

e Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application: Computer Application , 2016

Acharya Nagarjuna University

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science , 2014
Acharya Nagarjuna University

Certifications

e Red Hat Certified Architect in Infrastructure

e AWS Certified Solutions Architect — Professional

e Red Hat Certified Specialist in Server Security and Hardening
e Red Hat Certified Specialist in OpenShift Administration

e Red Hat Certified Specialist in Ansible Automation