SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

DevOps Engineer having around 8+ years of experience Configuration Management using ansible, CI/CD using Jenkins/GitHub/Azure
DevOps etc. Experience in Content Delivery network and Implementation of Akamai Property Manager, GTM, Cashing. Redirects and
Failover logic. Akamai SPA Configurations for Covid Vaccine on Pharmacy - Configuration of Visitor Prioritization Cloudlet for Pharmacy.
Due to high traffic, management had required to build SPA for pharmacy pages. VP Policies, Desktop & Mobile, Pharmacy, Covid.
Experience with container systems like Docker, container orchestration tools like Kubernetes. Good knowledge of version control tools like
GitHub. Experience in merging, branching, and maintenance of an organization's information system. Experience in Network Management
like DNS, ftp, SSL, SSH, HTTPS and system troubleshooting skills. Installation and configuration of Apache Web server and App server
including SSL configuration and proxy plug-in for application server. Ability to quickly learn and adapt to the rapidly emerging Technologies.
Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. Hands-on experience with Infrastructure as Code, using Terraform and
Ansible. Good understanding of Shell Scripting.

SKILLS
e Technical Skills e Azure Kubernetes Service, Azure Pipelines, Azure Firewall.
¢ Programming Languages e Code management
¢ Shell Scripting, Python, lua e Git, GitHub, GitLab.
« Continuous integration © Operating Systems
« Jenkins, GitHub Action, Azure DevOps, GitLab. e Linux, MacOS, Windows
° ¢ Networking Protocols
e Akamai & Torbit. e TCP/IP, Telnet, HTTP, HTTP2, HTTPS, FTP, WS, DNS.
e Automation and Management © Monitoring
e Ansible, Python, Terraform e Graphana, Splunk.
e Cloud Services
EXPERIENCE
12/2022 to Current Devops Engineer

Amazon.Com, Inc. — Nashua. NH

¢ Onboard new applications on to Akamai CDN and route to the backend host to establish connection

e Build Dev, QA. Preprod and PROD Platform AKS cluster environments to support platform related workloads

e Automating Edge Platforms Akamai | Torbit | TM

e Enabling Dev teams to self-provision changes on lower environments

e Fix security vulnerabilities which allow unauthenticated attackers to exploit services

¢ Following the Agile methodology and Scrum to manage the full life cycle development of the project

e Built and maintained high availability and fault-tolerant infrastructure using Ansible and Terraform

¢ Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Maven and Jenkins

e Used various features of Azure like Notification Hubs, MySQL and Blob Storage for backups and scaling

¢ Configured and maintained Kubernetes clusters for deploying and managing the Microservices

e Reduced costs by ~$2,000 each month by eliminating unnecessary servers and consolidating databases

¢ Used Jira for project management

e Epics, tasks, and subtasks are created to track the progress

e Used GitHub to maintain the version of the files and took the responsibility to do the code merges from branch to
trunk and creating new branches when new feature implementation starts

e Splunk upgrade from 8.2.4 to 9.0.1 in dev, QA and production with automation scripts

¢ Disabled THP in all vm where splunk enterprise is installed and increased the ulimits for stable and improve
performance of splunk

e Environment: Akamai, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Linux, Azure, Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, GitHub,
Jira, Python, Splunk.

01/2019 to 10/2022 DevOps Engineer

Amazon.Com, Inc. — Northborough, MA

¢ Implemented complex rules to route traffic based on headers and cookies

¢ Implemented Rate-limiting to block bot traffic

e Created terraform modules to provision AKS cluster

© Configure Firewall rule on azure for Nat-Rule, Network rule & Application rule

e Build splunk cluster by configuring HFD, Indexers, SH and DMC

e Increase the parallel ingestion pipelines to open more more connection to increase the performance of splunk

e Configure internal logs to monitor splunk blocked events

e Install, maintain and monitor SSL certificates for Lower environments and Production

© Involved in all phases of the project from analysis and requirement phase to delivering the project

e Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Maven, Jenkins and Ansible

e Used a Microservices architecture with Spring Boot based services to build, test, containerize applications and
deploy identity Microservices

e Used JIRA for resolving bugs/defects in application by coordinating with team members of the project

e Used Bitbucket for version control and code management

e Provided technical guidance and mentorship to junior team members

e Environment: Akamai, Java, Jenkins, Ansible, Maven, Microservices, Docker, Kubemetes, JIRA. Git, Linux
Splunk

© Project

12/2013 to 11/2018 Devops/Middleware Engineer

Putnum Investments — City, STATE
e Install and configure Web and App servers from Dev to Prod environments
¢ Managing and Administrating Linux Servers in Web Hosting Environment
e Migrate Netscalar load balancers to F5 Load balancers from Akamai GTM
¢ Constantly interact with the client and understand their needs and make sure everything is done to their satisfaction
e Configuring and Tweaking web server Apache and Jboss app server
¢ Involved in monitoring the performance and troubleshooting bottlenecks of Memory, CPU, I/O Devices and
Network using ifconfig, ps, vmstat, iostat, netstat, uptime, lsof and sar commands.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Technology: Computer Science

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ SSH public key authentication and secure password less login

¢ Troubleshooting day-to-day server related issues and problems
¢ Update maintainable, and well-documented code to ensure the quality of the software
¢ Collaboration with cross-functional teams, including product managers, designers, and QA engineers, to ensure the project is delivered

on time and within budget

e Troubleshooting and fixing bugs in the software to improve its reliability and performance
¢ Conducting thorough testing of the software to identify and resolve any issues before release
¢ Keeping up to date with the latest advancements in cloud computing and Python development to continuously improve the software

¢ Participating in code reviews and working with senior developers to continuously improve your coding skills
e As a Team Member of support desk, responsible for providing timely and accurate 24X7 supports
e Environment: Akamai, Python, Apache, Jboss, Splunk, Netscalar, Oracle DB, JIRA.