SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

7+ years of professional IT experience in design, develop, build and deployment of web applications. 3+
years in practicing DevOps. Cloud Automation & Quality Engineering

Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD
pipelines using tools such as Jenkins,
Maven, Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, Slack
and Azure pipelines

Extensive experience in distributed Agile and
Scrum methodologies to develop best practices
for software development and implementation
Strong experience in migrating applications to
both AWS and Azure cloud platforms

Strong experience in working with version control
systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket,
Azure Git

Experience working with developing scripts and
automation tools used for building,
integrating and deploying software
releases to multiple environments.

Strong hands on experience in scripting
languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML,
Ruby,

Shell scripting.

Strong experience in code quality and code
coverage tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo
and

JUnit.

Good knowledge of virtualization and container
technology like Docker. Experience in
creatingDockerfiles and working with Docker
containers.

Ez] Have good knowledge in Kubernetes and
have setup clusters in Amazon EKS and AKS.

DEVOPS ENGINEER
Xylem Inc. | Tinley Park, IL

Strong exposure to configuration management
tools such as Terraform, Ansible and Puppet.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD,
automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.
Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers
on different Operating Systems like Windows,
Linux VMware, UNIX and Solaris platforms.
Participated in the release cycle of the product
which involved environments like
Development, QA UAT and Production.
Worked with project documentation and
documented other application related issues,
bugs on

internal wiki website.

A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team
player with excellent communication and
inter-personal skills_Platform evaluation
Strategic project planning

Task prioritization

Direct server support

05/2021 to CURRENT

Automated application build and deployment, driving efficiency of code development process.
Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to

enterprise-quality testing and final implementation.

Extensive experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Docker,

Nexus, Artifactory, Slack and Azure pipelines

Extensive experience in distributed Agile and Scrum methodologies to develop best practices for

software development and implementation

Strong experience in migrating applications to both AWS and Azure cloud platforms
Strong experience in working with version control systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket,

Azure Git

Experience working with developing scripts and automation tools used for building,
integrating and deploying software releases to multiple environments.
Strong hands on experience in scripting languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML, Ruby,

Shell scripting.

Strong experience in code quality and code coverage tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo and

JUnit.

Good knowledge of virtualization and container technology like Docker. Experience in
creatingDockerfiles and working with Docker containers.

Have good knowledge in Kubernetes and have setup clusters in Amazon EKS and AKS.
Strong exposure to configuration management tools such as Terraform, Ansible and Puppet.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.

Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers on different Operating Systems like Windows,

Linux VMware, UNIX and Solaris platforms.

Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like

Development, QA UAT and Production.

Worked with project documentation and documented other application related issues, bugs on

internal wiki website.

A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team player with excellent communication and

inter-personal skills.

AZORE CLOUD ENGINEER

Alvarez & Marsal | Los Angeles, CA

08/2016 to 04/2021

Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for

deployment.

Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines

onAzureDevOps

Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure

DevOps pipelines.
Setup AKS clusters in Azure using Azure CLI.

| Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube. Veracode.
Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds

when conditions were not met.

Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer's workstation for detecting defects early during

development.

Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services,
improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.

Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.

Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the

team

JACA DEVELOPER
Publicis Groupe Sa | Overland Park, KS

04/2014 to 07/2016

Effectively engaged with full programming improvement lifecycle: from business/frameworks
investigation, through necessities gathering and practical detail composing, to advancement, testing

and conveyance.

Composed and created UI screens utilizing HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON and AJAX.
Created custom Angular JS mandates to assemble custom reusable segments to use over the

application pages.

Utilized Spring Beans to embody business rationale and Implemented Application MVC
Architecture utilizing Spring MVC.
Planned and created Rewards API utilizing Spring Boot.

Utilized Spring AOP for logging for crosscutting worries of the application.

Created server-side application to associate with database utilizing Spring Boot and Hibernate.

Utilized Spring XML setup for Dependency Injection.

Created segments of REST web administrations end to end, utilizing distinctive Annotations.
Created complex administration segments for Data Access Layer, DAO classes to
communicate with backend utilizing Java and Hibernate Framework.

Utilized Maven for assemble structure and Jenkins for persistent form framework

Bachelor of Science | Civil Engineering
Landmark University , Nigeria

12/2017