Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Flexible professional with experience developing and building IT solutions. Confident DevOps Engineer with
SUMMARY exemplary expertise in routine application maintenance tasks, including troubleshooting and testing.

Enthusiastic technical professional with complete understanding of entire software development lifecycle.

Highly trained in Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, Jenkins, Helm Chart, Terraform, Prometheus and other DevOps

tools.
SKILLS AND © «Strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills «© Terraform and Ansible
CAPABILITIES « Continuous Integration Systems e Maven Installation and integration
« Continuous Deployment e SonarQube,
e« Jenkins Cl e Nexus,
« DevOps Systems e Nginx Ingress
« Version Control Systems (Git and GitHub) e Prometheus and Grafana
« Docker and Kubernetes e Elastic search, Logstast, Kibana ( ELK)
WORK HISTORY «© DEVOPS ENGINEER 08/2017 to CURRENT

Radancy | Asheville, NC

e Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure
resolution.

e Wrote and updated documentation to outline technical design of entire project.

e Researched and identified new technologies and tools helping to grow devOps development
environment.

e Worked with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions
to meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance.

e Worked in team of 12 engineers to build and deploy changes to client application using Jenkins
pipeline.

e Managed several client and system tickets

e Drove project lifespan from concept to final rollout in development and deployment

e Collaborated with team to determine application requirement specifications

¢ Built automation tools and applications to deploy next-generation platforms

e Deployed and manage both self managed and managed kubernetes cluster

e Collaborated with team to analyze system solutions based on client requirements

PACIENT ACCESS REPRESENTATIVE 02/2017 to 08/2017
Williamsburg Physical Therapy | Chantilly, VA

e Performed patient scheduling and registration functions to serve as initial contact point for medical
office visits.

e Resolved more than 150 patient financial problems with guidance from documented guidelines and
procedures.

e Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records.

e Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.

e Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.

e Collected and entered patient demographic and insurance data into computer database to establish
patient's medical record

OFIRATIONS MANAGER/HEAD BRANCH IT 05/2005 to 01/2017
Ace Hardware | Pacifica, CA

e Established positive and effective communication among unit staff and organization leadership
reducing miscommunications and missed deadlines.

e + |dentified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe or ineffective practices.

e +» Set enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain responsiveness to demands.

e + Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

e +» Supervise and worked with branch IT team

e »Managed and deploy various update to branch server.

e + Supported top-level decision-making and strategy planning, forging productive relationships with top
leaders and serving as key advocate for various personnel issues.

e + Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality
and team efficiency

e »Managed and supervise more than 80 employees

e +Prepared annual budgets with controls to prevent overages

e +» Worked in matrix management environment with oversight of division level managers, operations,
sales, finance, human resources, safety and compliance

« +|mplemented process improvement to shape organizational culture, optimize procedures for higher
efficiency and help company evolve and grow

e Implemented process improvement to shape organizational culture, optimize procedures for higher
efficiency and help company evolve and grow

SYOTEM ADMINISTRATOR 01/2003 to 05/2005
Applied Underwriters | Omaha

e Installed important security and functionality patches to maintain optimal protections against intrusion
and system reliability.

e Worked with users to determine areas of technology in need of improved usability.

e Established network specifications and analyzed workflow, access, information and security
requirements.

e Implemented corrective plans of action for network availability, utilization and latency.

e Provisioned new software and hardware for use according to internal business and security policies.

e Managed more that 50 system and two on-prem server

e Established network specifications and analyzed workflow, access, information and security
requirements

e Managed onboarding and offboarding of employees

EDUCATION «© Bachelor of Science | Business Management 11/2009
Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria

Beohelor of Science | Business Administration And Management 05/2002
Nuhu Bamali Poly, Kaduna

AFFILIATIONS © e¢ AWS Certified Architect Community
e Nigeria Institute Of Management
« Member StackOverflow

CERTIFICATIONS (© e« AWS - Certified Solution Architect Associate
« Hachicorp Certified Terraform Associate
e« Professional Manager- NIM