Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website : www. qwikresume,corm

AWS Devops Engineer Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Experienced DevOps Engineer dedicated to automation and optirnization for 7 years, Understands
and manages the space between operations and development to quickly deliver code to
customers. Has experience with the Cloud, as well as DevOps autornation developrnent for Linux
— Brings maturity, enthusiasm, and a drive to learn new technologies along with real world
experience,

SKILLS

Knowledge of networking, Knowledge of cloud computing,

WORK EXPERIENCE

AWS Devops Engineer
University Of MN - January 2014 - 2020

* Creating the autornated bulld and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup
for better user experience, and leading up to building a continuous integration systern for all
our products,

* Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic_Load Balancer, Auto scaling
groups,

* Responsible for Design of different Release Environments for new projects and monitoring;

* Implementing a Continuous Delivery frarnework Using Jenkins, Chef, Maven &arnp; Nexus In
Linux environment.

* Installed Chef-Server Enterprise Or-Premise/WorkStatiory Bootstrapped the Nodes using Knife.

* Designed and implernented Chef, including the internal best practices, cookbooks, automated
cookbook Cl and CD systern,

* Made use of Jenkins for Chef Cl, Thor for versioning, Berkshelf for dependency management,
and Test-Kitchen for testing and developrnent,

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2014

» Key Deliverables Technical leader to align processes and tools, such as branching, source

control structure, dependency management, LinuxWindows hybrid build Infrastructure, code

review, and check-in policies, that are developed and instrumented by DeyvOps tears across

projects globally.

Managed Ubuntu Linux and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC2 using Puppet,

Experienced with working on Puppet Master and Puppet Agents.

Defined Puppet Master and Puppet Agents to manage and configure nodes.

Deployed Puppet, Puppet dashboard for configuration management to existing Infrastructure,

* Designed and deployed AWS solutions using E2C, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto
scaling groups, Opsworks Perforrned Server configuration management via Puppet.

* Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) implementation Database Encryption for mirrored
Databases.

“* ©

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science - (JNTU)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines