JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Professional, detail-oriented DevOps Engineer motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team with exemplary
expertise in routine application maintenance tasks, Code Pipeline, Scripting and Provisioning Infrastructure.

SKILLS
Cloud Infrastructure- AWS, GCP © Operating Systems: Linux
e Framework/Build tools - Jenkins, Bamboo e Programming Language: Shell/Bash, Yaml, Groovy, Python,
e Versioning Tools - GIT, GitHub, Bitbucket Golang
e IAC Tools - Terraform, Terragrunt ¢ Monitoring Tools: Cloudwatch, Cloudtrail, AWS X-
¢ Configuration Management tools- Ansible Ray,Datadog.Prometheus
e Containerization- Docker, Kubernetes ¢ Other Tools- Maven, Nexus, Sonarqube, Airflow, Tailscale, Slack,
Loki, Jumpcloud.

e Effective communication

Work HISTORY

DevOps Engineer, 03/2021 - Current
Computer Services, Inc. — Franklin, TN
¢ Implemented, developed and tested installation of DCV and update RLM and Nimble streaming servers and application servers.
¢ Resolved metrics issues with k8s , and upgrades Upgrading Cluster API metrics service
e Familiar with managing and setting up Tailscale
e Automating use of JumpCloud using Golang and auto adding servers to device group utilizing the JumpCloud Api
¢ Collaborated with cross-functional development team members to analyze potential system solutions based on evolving client
requirements.
¢ Corrected, modified and upgraded Certbot to improve ssl connection and setup automated renewal.
* Strong Familiarity with GCP services, cloudfunctions, pubsub, instance manager, etc
e Strong exposure to LAC scripting eg Terraform, and also utilizing boto in python for automating tasks.
e Strong exposure to AWS services and serverless/event driven architecture eg CloudFront, ApiGateway, Lambda, $3, Dynamodb.. etc

DevOps Engineer, 12/2019 - 02/2021
Computer Services, Inc. — Lexington, KY
¢ Worked closely with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to meet client requirements
for functionality, scalability and performance.
e Wrote code and developed tools and integrations to meet cross-platform user needs.
¢ Building and maintaining tools, solutions and microservices associated with deployment and our operations platform, ensuring that all meet
our customer service standards and reduce errors.
e Wrote code and supported architecture in high-throughput systems on AWS cloud.
e Wrote and updated documentation to outline technical design of entire project.
¢ Actively troubleshoot any issues that arise during testing and production, catching and solving issues before launch.
e Wrote terraform code for managing the infrastructure and programmed clean, re-usable and simple codes.
e Automated monthly system patching to keep machines up-to-date, stable, and safe from security threats.

Jr DevOps Engineer, 10/2016 - 11/2019
Apex Systems — Twinsburg, OH
e Managed access to git repository for teammates
e Wrote code (IAC) and supported architecture in high-throughput systems on AWS cloud
e Worked in an Agile environment, using JIRA for ticket tracking and Github for version control
« Managed user access by setting up minimum allowed permissions to AWS resources for teammates and services
e Improve the performance of the system with continuous monitoring with Cloud Watch
* Troubleshoot and handle technical issues and recurring problems that impact production applications
e Ensures uniformity of environments by writing Dockerfiles and Docker-compose files
¢ Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices on AWS using App services
e Automated infrastructure provisioning on with Ansible
e Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions are not met
¢ Worked on integrating GIT into the Continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins
¢ Developed strong communication, active listening and interpersonal skills, which were used when collaborating with the product
development team and other stakeholders

Technical Specialist, 01/2015 - 09/2016
Homeserve Usa — Bethel Park, PA
¢ Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data
* Installed and updated computer hardware and software
¢ Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency
e Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote a better understanding

e Engaged end users and answered questions via email, phone, website live chat and in forums

EDUCATION
Graduate Certification: General Studies / Marketing

University of California - Los Angeles Extension - Los Angeles, CA

Bachelor of Science: Accounting
Lagos State University - LAGOS. NG

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundation Certified Associate
AWS Solutions Architect Associate Certification