Robe rt Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Cloud DevOps Engineer LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

As aCloud DevOps Engineer, designed, developed, tested, implemented and supported of the
Cloud platform ecosystem. Led efforts to create Infrastructure to strearnline developrnent and
deployment of applications using modern Cloud DevOps practices. Reported to the Cloud Engineer
Team ee Work required is considered advanced and you must be able to worked under minimal
supervision.

SKILLS

Leadership, Creative Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Cloud DevOps Engineer
Redapt - September 2014 - 2023
* Automated bulld and release processes Code and Resource delivery to Azure and AWS.
* Autornated onboarding of teams and users into Azure and AWS environments.
* Designed and defined AWS architecture for new cloud computing systerns or existing systems
migrating to cloud architectures,
+ Managed and mentored a tear of software/AWS/Automation engineers in systerns,
* Developed and enforced standardized AMI&rsquo;s and AWS policy enforcernent, AWS cost

optimization and education.

* Worked directly with the Infrastructure and DBA teams to triage and troubleshoot all
escalatians on a customer-facing application,

* Developed and Enhance SaaS/Cloud-based applications. Worked with local/remote
Deyelopment/SQA teams to support the delivery, deployment, and operation of services,

Cloud Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2014

» AWS, Joyent, Google Cloud, Centurylink Cloud, etc,

* Very knowledgeable in regards to DevOps / Automation with Docker and Continuous
Deployment procedures using tools such as Ansible, docket-machine, docker-corpose,
Mesos / Mesosphere, Marathon, etc.

* Development and Automation for Deploying Containers, Applications, and Provisioning Public
Cloud Environments,

» Wide variety of experience with the Linux operating system, Ubuntu server, Centos, Arnazon
linux, Kall, Backtrack, ete.

* Wide variety of experience for Network Security, Penetration Testing, and ensuring security of
both public and private cloud environments,

» Major Software junkie, and adapts to new technology / software very quickly and efficiently,

* Proficiency in both infrastructure-as-code tools like Terraform and AWS Cloud Formation and
infrastructure corfi guration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, or Chef.

EDUCATION
Bachelor's In IT

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings