ROBERT SMITH

DevOps Engineer Il
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

IT Professional with about 5+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, in
Infrastructure automation, code migration, Configuration Management, and
system administration. Experience in setting up the enterprise infrastructure on
Amazon Web Services (AWS). Expertise in AWS, experience in implementing new
AWS instances and working with EBS and S3 storage.

OCTOBER 2015 - PRESENT
DEVOPS ENGINEER II - ABC CORPORATION

Involve in building and configuring red hat Linux servers using kick start server
as required for the project.

Maintaining maximum Uptime and maximum performance capacity for
enterprise production, QA and UAT/staging.

Expertise in AWS, experience in implernenting new AWS Instances and working
with EBS and s3 storage, IAM.

Launching and configuring of amazon ec2 cloud servers Using AMIs
(Linux/ubuntu) designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture
based on amazon web services

Setting up the scripts for creation of new snapshots and deletion of old
snapshots in's3 worked on setting up the life cycle policies to back the data
from AWS s3 to AWS glacier worked with amazon |AM console to create custom
users and groups worked with various AWS ec2 and 53 CLI tools

Supporting an AWS cloud environment with 1000+ AWS Instances and
configured elastic IP and elastic storage.

Cloud and system virtualization platforms and tools (AWS; Vmware, Docker,
vagrant),

APRIL 2014 - SEPTEMBER 2015
DEVOPS/SR. LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR - ABC CORPORATION

Responsibilities Installation, configuration, and Upgrade of Redhat Linux 5,6
operating systems.

Setting up new devaopment branches, merging branches, facilitating the
releases setting up the new REPOS, managing the permissions for various git
branches creating Adhoc git stashes created post-commit and prepush hooks
using pythen in svn and git REPOS setting up the svn and git REPOS for Jenkins
build jobs managing the database DDL, DML scripts In syn and git write basic
Powershell scripts.

Hands-on experience in diagnosing, troubleshooting various networking,
hardware &amp; Linux/ Unix servers services issies and performing preventive
maintenance,

© Ths free Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume.com. Usage Guidelines