Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Experienced DevOps and Cloud Engineer with a focus on Red Hat Linux and AWS Cloud technologies. Skilled in implementing and
managing cloud-based infrastructure, automating deployment and monitoring processes, and ensuring high availability and
scalability of applications.

Skills

e AWS,EC2,Fargate,ELB, SES, SNS, VPC, Route 53, Confluence, © Linux Environments
New relic, sumo logic, ops genie, octopus, Jira, Git, Python,
Git, Prometheus, docker, kubernetes etc

e Source and Version Control: Git, GitHub

Experience

Devops Engineer, 07/2021 to Current

Northstar Financial Services Group Llc — King Of Prussia, PA

* Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution. * Provisioned
AWS services using terraform for IAC.

* Managed databases using SQL and NoSQL technologies, ensuring data integrity and security.

* Utilized scripting languages such as bash, python, and Go to automate system processes and improve efficiency.

* Worked with version control systems like Git and Source Code Management tools like GitHub.

* Built continuous integration pipelines using Gitlab CI and Jenkins while integrating with other tools for end-to-end automation of
builds and deployment.

* Supported applications on different platform AWS environment.

* Worked with monitoring tools such as Prometheus, New Relic, and Google Stackdriver to track system performance and identify
potential issues.

* Managed Kubernetes clusters and container orchestration to optimize application deployment and scalability.

* Configured and managed highly available and scalable Docker cluster to manage containerized applications and exposing to end
users using various services DNS, ELB, and Auto Scaling.

* Used Terraform and AWS CLI to automate provisioning and configuration of infrastructure on AWS such as VPC, Subnets, EC2
Instances, 53, etc.

* Troubleshot issues during builds and deployments of Kubernetes pods.

Linux Engineer, 06/2019 to 05/2021
Verizon — Riverside, MO
¢ Maintains and supports Data center operations including server hardware, systems software and all configurations modification
required on Microsoft and linux server
e Working knowledge of hardware products such as Dell, HP, cisco, IBM and other data center hardware platform
e Perform virtual machine deployments and extensively use utilities and high availability tools
¢ Monitoring system performance of virtual memory, snapshot, managing swap space, disk utilization and cpu utilization
¢ Disk configuration and managing file systems in rhel 5/6/7 environment using lvm
e Add and maintain users on the network, assigning application access, ensuring security and maintaining their configuration are
within standards
e Performed all system upgrades and patches for solaris, rhel 5/6/7 server and data migration between domains
e Performed real time incident troubleshooting for complex hardware, software and network problems as required by the IT

supervisor and leadership.

Cloud Engineer, 09/2015 to 05/2019
Dish Network Corporation — Rocklin, CA

e Implemented AWS solution using EC2, $3, RDS, EBS, ELB, Auto Scaling Group

e Create and manage users, groups, roles, and policies through IAM

e Create and manage S3 buckets and policies

e Infrastructure architecting, configuration, and deployment with EC2

¢ Troubleshooting operational and security incidents using CloudTrail

e Implement cost saving measures such as elastic load balancer consolidation, automatic public IP updates using Route 53,
managing instance runtime with AWS Instance Scheduler using CloudFormation

¢ Deployment and management of SSL Certificates using ACM (Amazon Certificate Manager) and [AM

e Enacting a road map to eventually not have to use LAM keys on servers but instead using profiles (roles) attached to EC2
instances, making things easier to maintain and more secure

¢ Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using CloudFormation for quick customization and deployment of resources on
AWS cloud platform

¢ Configure VPC, load balancer, DNS, end point access

¢ Using Gitlab to create repository and create pipeline from a lower stage to development phase

¢ Built and deployed Docker containers into micro services by using Kubernetes

¢ Setting up load balancers with terraform for application deployment

e Spun up EC2 machines with terraform/CloudFormation using customized templates

e Created Web Apps (PaaS solutions) on AWS EC2 for deploying web applications.

System Engineer, 02/2013 to 12/2014
A10 Networks — Denver, CO
¢ Perform virtual machine deployments and extensively use utilities and high availability tools
¢ Checking alert logs, trace file system and file system maintenance
e Users account management
« Management of configuration files and users account, privileges and rights; also, troubleshooting of issues arising in the
infrastructure setup
¢ Created bash scripting for crontab to check servers, Logins, system updates and WordPress
¢ Installed, configure and support Apache, LAMP, My Sql and network on Linux Servers.

Education and Training

Master of Science: Engineering Technology, 05/2018

East Tennessee State University

Bachelor of Science: Business Management, 08/2012

Madonna University

Certification/Training; Python, Red Hat Enterprise training, CompTIA Linux+, AWS Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions
Architect, Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals