JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Critical thinking DevOps Engineer with extensive understanding of high availability architecture and concepts. Purpose-driven professional
with capacity to be strong team player plus work effectively independently.

SKILLS

e Over 8 years of experience as DevOps/Cloud Engineer supporting ¢ Experienced in AWS and Azure solution architecture, GCP, gsutil,

core IT infrastructure. gcloud, AWS EC2, ELB, RDS, $3, Lambda, Cloud Front, Cloud
e Strong experience in DevOps Automation with configuration Formation, Cloud Watch, VPC, LAM.
tools such as Puppet, Ansible, and Chef. e Cybersecurity and security monitoring experience using software
¢ Containerization with Docker, Docker-compose, Kubernetes. such as ArcSight, Tantrum and QRadar.
« Continuous Integration and Continuous deployment with Jenkins, « Experienced in ArcSight configuration such as Logger, ESM and
Terraform, GitHub, GitLab. Smart Connector.
¢ Source Control Management tools for versioning include as GIT Jenkins CI
and SVN. e Source and Version Control: Git, GitHub
Training Junior Team Members
Work History

03/2020 to Current DevOps Engineer
Womble Bond Dickinson — Greensboro, NC

e Integrate CI pipeline with configuration management tools for continuous deployment such as using Gitlab-CI with
Puppet.

¢ Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution.

e Evaluate Ansible and Puppet framework and tools to automate Cloud deployment and operations.

¢ Supporting software development and data management projects that prepare large datasets for delivery to a shared
cloud computing and storage environment.

¢ Provide strategies and requirements for seamless migration of applications, web services, and data from local and
server-based systems to the AWS and GCP cloud.

e Automating installation of software through Ansible scripts.

e Part of a team of DevOps engineer for infrastructure support on AWS and GCP cloud. Creating cloud formation
scripts for hosting software on AWS cloud.

e Wrote and updated documentation to outline technical design of entire project.

e Built a new Cl pipeline. Testing and deployment automation with Docker, Jenkins

¢ Deployed configuration management and provisioning to Aws using Packer-Docker and Terraform, involved in
automated deployment of EBS to AWS.

e Using Docker in Environment variables, Configuration files, Option types and Strings & integers.

¢ Developed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT, EC2 instances, ELB,
Security Groups.

e AWS EC? and Cloud watch services. CI/CD pipeline management through Jenkins. Automation of manual tasks
using Shell scripting.

02/2015 to 03/2020 Cloud Engineer
Merck & Co., Inc. — Bloomington, IN

© Utilized code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques to design, plan and integrate cloud computing and
virtualization systems.

© Utilized Perl and Python for cloud engineering.

e Building & configuration of RHEL 6 for application development in Cloud.

e Worked on setting up and Building of Veritas Cluster Server.

e Experienced in redefining volume groups, migrating, mirroring logical volume using VERITAS VOLUME
MANAGER.

© Developed Cron jobs and Shell Scripts (Perl, ksh) for automating administration tasks like file system management,
process management, Server reboots etc.

e Worked on Datacenter Moves where servers were moved from one datacenter to another with on-premise cloud
infrastructure.

¢ Worked as an integral part of development team with troubleshooting, development and maintenance of systems.

e Provided solutions on using Ansible to automate deployment of server within VMware.

¢ Integrated the ServiceNow with VMware environment to provide cloud services for deployment of environment.

e Worked with the development team to create appropriate cloud solutions for client needs.

¢ Server build in both Physical environments using CISCO, HP and/or Dell Hardware, and in Virtual environment
using VMware with ESXI hosts, Xenserver or Citrix hosts.

¢ Worked on SAN migration in both AIX and Linux Servers.

07/2013 to 02/2015 Linux Administrator
Nes Associates — Chantilly, VA
¢ Developed organization-wide administration policies to encourage continuity across multiple systems and facilities.
¢ Installation/configuration of RHEL 4/5/6 using kickstart Server and Windows OS.
e Creation, Installation and administration of Red Hat Virtual machines in VMware.
e Designed System Requirements, Storage requirements, Configuration Management/Change control/Release
management.
e User administration & quota management.
¢ Log file was managed for troubleshooting and resolving errors.
e Installation of patches and other software packages.
e Wrote Shell scripts for automation of jobs, system monitoring and error reporting.
¢ Performed administration of Domain Name Server and configuration of Database Files.
e Wrote bash shell scripts for getting information about various Linux servers
e Installed and Configured Send mail Utility on UNIX Servers.

EpucatTIon

MBA: Business Administration
Southern Methodist University - Dallas, TX

Ongoing

10/2015 Certification: Project Management
Southern Methodist University - Dallas, TX

11/2012 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Igbinedion University - Okada, Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria

CERTIFICATIONS

Aws Certified Cloud Practitioner
Project Mangement