Robert Smith

Middleware/Devops Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experience in working on version control systerns like Subyersion and GIT
and used Source code management client tools like Tortoise SVN, Stash,
SourceTree, Git Bash, GitHub, Git GUI, and other cornrnand-line
applications, etc, Good understanding of the principles and best practices
of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, Serurn and Waterfall
methodologies, Created SCM Process, policies, procedures, and Release
Notes to follow Developrnent and allow QA teams to Release or Deploy the
highest quality product for the enterprise.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Middleware/Devops Engineer

ABC Corporation -

March 2015 - Present

Re sponsibilties:

Supporting multiple tearns for multiple applications including java/j2ee
and, Net.

Maintaining detailed documentation of moderately cormplex systern
specifications, including systern installation procedures, systern backup,
recovery techniques, and system test methods,

Developing and implernenting an agile SDLC and refinernent of the
software configuration management (SCM) infrastructure.

Deploying the Java applications into web application servers like apache
tomcat.

Perforrning all necessary day-to-day subversion functions for the project
like merging, creating branches and tags using tortoise svn.

Managing application software codebase including branching and
versioning,

Designing and Implernenting subversion metadata including elernents,
labels, attributes, triagers, and hyperlinks,

DevOps Engineer

ABC Corporation -

December 2013 - March 2015

Re sponsibilities:

Responsibilities supported multiple tears for multiple applications
Including java/j2ee and los.

Provided detailed documentation of complex bulld and release process,
mops, build cycles and calendars including creating bulld reports and
release notes.

Assisted pm and rr creating weekly status reports, roadmaps and other
presentations.

Implemented best practices of agile methodology to speed up the
delivery process efficiently.

Was an active member of daily stand up meetings, bug scrubbing
meetings, and sprint planning meetings as best practices of agile
environment,

Worked closely with developers, QA teams, product owners and other
stakeholders to deliver software through the build and deployment

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama :
(123)-456-7899
infog@qwikresume.com
muetiemna’ om

SCM Tools: Subversion,
GIT, Build Tools: Ant,
Mayen, MS Bulld, XCode,
Cl & CD Tools: Jenkins,
Anthill Pro, Barnbao,
Chef, Puppet, Docker,
Bug Tracker & Testing
Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla,
Redmine, Junit, HP
Quality Center, Test
Flight, And Test Rail.
Project Managernent
Tools: Base Camp, MS
Project, MS Share Point,
Atlassian Tools, Team
Foundation Server, and
Demandware, SDLC:
Agile, Scrum
Methodologies,
Waterfall. Environments
Servers; JBOSS, Apache
Tomcat, Intellij IDEA,
Oracle Web Logic, IBM
Web Sphere, |IS Server
Integrated Development.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
Climbing
Snowboarding

Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)