Robert Smith CONTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alab

AWS DevOps Engineer (123)-496-7899

info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
8+ Plus years of Build & Release and DevOps Engineer Extensive SKILLS
Experience in implementing and making teams adapt to Release/Change Bulld Tools Ant, Maven,
Management Process Experience with Continuous Integration Tools (TFS, :
Jenkins, Hudson & Team City) Experience with software developrnent notin. raaipsieg
=e ante ‘

methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile & Scrurn. Good Knowledge In bash Py S ehanetack &
(shell) /Perl/Expect and exposure to Jython, Python scripting, Hands-on ppet, Openstac
experience on Bulld and deployment of SOA applications like Oracle Service AWS Working Knowledge

Bus (OSB), Oracle Policy Modeling (OPM) and Oracle Business Process Scripting Languages
Management (BPM). Linux Sheel Scripting
And Advanced Shell
WORK EXPERIENCE Scripting Configuration
Management Perforce,
AWS DevOps Engineer Subversion, GIT, PVCS
ABC Corporation- June 2012 - Present Version Manager, Bit
Responsibilities: Bucket Cl Tools Jenkins,

AntHillPro, Tearncity,

* Building and maintaining cloud formation ternplates, chef cookbooks, Bamboo. Operating

and scripts te automate and deplay AWS resources and configuration

Systerns Windows, Unix,
aid RHEL And Solaris
* Integrating subversion into Hudsoryjenkins to autornate the code check- Databases Oracle,
out process used Hudson/Hudsoryjenkins for automating builds and MySql, MSAccess, SQL
automating deployments rnaintained the shell and Perl scripts for the Server Change
automation purposes, Managernent Remedy,
« Integrating jira with git hub version control maintained and and Service Now.
administered Jira and assigned the roles for the users.
= Updating all the activities in jira for the application tearn in order to
track the status of the user stories or defects. LANGUAGES
* Performance tuning and stress-testing of NoSQL database environments English (Native)
In order to ensure acceptable database performance In production French (Professional)
mode. Spanish (Professional)
= Focusing on architecting NoSQL databases like Mongo, Cassandra and
cache database,
= Creating and deploying YMS on the Microsoft cloud service azure, INTERESTS
managing the virtual network, azure ad, and SQL databases, and Climbing
developed PowerShell scripts to autornate all of the aforementioned oe
tasks. Reading
DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation- October 2011 - May 2012
REFERENCES
Re sponsibilities: == = a
= Responsibilities Design roles and groups using AWS Identity and access plaice = Efeornpany
management (IAM) utilize AWS CLI to autornate backups of ephemeral Reference - 2 (Company
data-stores to s3 buckets, EBS and create nightly AMIs for mission- Name) —

critical production servers as backups.

= Designed, wrote and built deployment using ant/ shell scripting and
automate the overall process using subversion and anthill pro,

« Developed chef and ruby based autornated DevOps solution to provide
consistent platforms across multiple cloud providers for cormplex mult+

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines