Christa Scott

DEVOPS ENGINEER

SUMMARY

Analytical, committed, persistent individual and reliable team member.
Continuously learning and acquiring new knowledge and skills. Experience in
building different projects using a wide range of technologies. Performing well in
different environments in onshore and distributed teams.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Core Computer Skills

e Server administration, troubleshooting on Linux/Unix based systems.

e Automation of continuous integration, delivery, and deploymend - Jenkins,
Ansible, Bash, Git.

e Building scalable applications using Docker and container orchestration -
Kubernetes.

e Working knowledge of AWS - ECS, EC2, RDS, S3, ElasticSearch, ELB,
Routes3.

e Creating infrastructure as a code - CloudFormation.

e Building analytics and monitoring solutions with visualisation - Nagios,
Icinga2, PRTG, Grafana.

EXPERIENCE

DevOps Engineer
in-Winds Jun 2017 - Present

e Work closely with developers to build their development pipeline and deploy
code to various environments.

e Participate in deploying, automating, maintaining and managing AWS cloud
based production system, to ensure the availability, performance, scalability
and security of productions systems.

e Develop and maintain monitoring, and alerting tools

e Perform maintenance and troubleshooting of continuous integration systems
including build and deployment used across multiple environments.

e Participate in the Agile DevOps design, development, testing, and release of
new capabilities and features.

e Proactively communicate and coordinate with multiple project teams

Linux System Administrator
Tecno Rim May 2016 - May 2017
e Optimising server performances. Troubleshooting, determining the root
cause and working on solutions and implementation.
e Participate in technical research and development to enable continuing
innovation within the infrastructure domain.
e Production operations (code deployments, upgrades, system patches)
e Involved in designing of Linux server environments for developers and
testers, supporting them, and documenting procedures for IT support.
e Working closely with developers on developing and supporting new features

CONTACT

&4 info@resumekraft.com
(] 202-555-0120
Q Chicago, Illinois, US

in linkedin.com/resumekraft

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

e Analytical

e Perceptiveness
e Accountability

e Growth mindset
e Creative thinking

SKILLSET & TOOLSET

e Linux system administration
e Bash scripting

e Jenkins

e Ansible

e Docker

e Kubernetes

e Icinga2

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering in
Informatics and Computer
Engineering

San Jose State University
Oct 2006 - Oct 2019

Faculty of Electrical Engineering
& Information Technologies,
Skopje

LANGUAGES

English
French
Arabic
German