JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DevOps Engineer 6+ years of professional total IT experience in design, develop, build and deployment of web applications. 3+ years in
practicing Cloud Computing, DevOps & Quality Engineering Expertise Strong experience in migrating applications to both AWS and Azure
cloud platforms Strong experience in working with version control systems such as Git, GitHub, BitBucket, Azure Git. Extensive experience
in setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Tomcat, Nexus, Slack and AzureDevOps Extensive experience in
distributed Agile and Scrum methodologies to develop best practices for software development and implementation Experience working with
developing scripts and automation tools used for building. integrating and deploying software releases to multiple environments. Strong hands
on experience in scripting languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML, Ruby, Shell scripting. Strong experience in code quality and code
coverage tools such as SonarQube, Jacoco, Junit. Good knowledge of virtualization and container technology like Docker. Experience in
creating Dockerfiles and working with Docker containers. Strong exposure to configuration management tools such as Terraform, Ansible and
Puppet. Strong knowledge on practicing TDD, automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins. Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic
servers on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux VMware, UNIX and Solaris platforms. Participated in the release cycle of the
product which involved environments like Development, QA UAT and Production. Worked with project documentation and documented
other application related issues, bugs on internal wiki website. A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team player with excellent
communication and inter- personal skills.

SKILLS
e Agile, Quality e Engineer
° AJAX, QA ° XML
e Ant. Red Hat Linux © Fast
e Apache 2.x, SSH e HP-UX
e APT. Solaris e HTMLS5
e Application development, SQL Server e Image
e Automate, Tomcat e Java
¢ Bash, Troubleshooting e Beans
e C, UNIX Shell Scripts © JavaScript
e CD, Validation © Java
* CSS3, Web applications e Scripting
¢ Check-out process, Web Servers e JBoss 7.1
« DAO, WebLogic 9.x e JSON
« Databases, WebSphere e Ksh
¢ Database, Workflow ° Logging
« Managing e Access
« Windows e3x
e MVC * MySQL
¢ Operating Systems ® Oracle
¢ Developer © Programming
Work History

05/2018 to Current DEVOPS ENGINEER
Zoom — WA. State

e Nuance Communication 1s one of the top healthcare IT companies in the United States

e In this project, as a Cloud DevOps Engineer, I am responsible for managing AWS resources in cloud and maintain
Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application
development environment

¢ Contributions: Rebuild of entire existing platform over to Docker containers

e Set up CI/CD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket, SonarQube, Nexus,
Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in Wrote Ansible playbooks from
scratch in YAML

e Installing, setting up & Troubleshooting Ansible, created and automated platform environment setup

¢ Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams

e Integrated GitHub web hooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process

e Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins

¢ Created Dockerfile and automated docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker

e Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using Terraform and Ansible

* Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode

e Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions not
met

e Worked closely with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to
meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance

08/2016 to 04/2018 AZURE CLOUD ENGINEER
Alvarez & Marsal — Us-Kansas City, MO

e Iam responsible for managing Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous
Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment.

e As amember of onboarding team, my responsibility is to implement DevOps transformation by working with Agile
teams to migrate applications to Azure platform.

© Contributions: Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready
for deployment.

© Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CI/CD pipelines on AzureDevOps
Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps pipelines.

e Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode.

¢ Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months.

¢ Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions were
not met.

¢ Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer's workstation for detecting defects early during development.

e Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving developer
workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.

e Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.

e Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team.

04/2014 to 07/2016 JAVA DEVELOPER
Sap — South San Francisco, CA

e Effectively engaged with full programming improvement lifecycle: from business/frameworks investigation,
through necessities gathering and practical detail composing, to advancement, testing and conveyance.

¢ Composed and created UI screens utilizing HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON and AJAX.

e Created custom Angular JS mandates to assemble custom reusable segments to use over the application pages.

© Utilized Spring structure including Spring Beans, Spring AOP and Spring Boot.

e Utilized Spring Beans to embody business rationale and Implemented Application MVC Architecture utilizing
Spring MVC.

e Planned and created Rewards API utilizing Spring Boot.

© Utilized Spring AOP for logging for crosscutting worries of the application.

e Created server-side application to associate with database utilizing Spring Boot andHibernate.

¢ Included broadly in validation and approval utilizing Spring Security.

¢ Planned and created serene API and administrations utilizing best practices to cooperate inside the Microservices
and with the front end.

© Utilized Spring XML setup for Dependency Injection.

e Created segments of REST web administrations end to end, utilizing distinctive Annotations.

e Created complex administration segments for Data Access Layer, DAO classes to communicate with backend
utilizing Java and Hibernate Framework.

e Conveyed the application on WebSphere application server.

© Utilized Maven for assemble structure and Jenkins for persistent form framework.

EpucaTIon

12/2011 Bachelor of Science: Finance
Queens College of The City University of New York - Flushing, NY

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Puppet and Docker hands on training on AWS and Azure Technology Summary Cloud platforms: AWS,
Azure Framework/DevOps tools JIRA, SonarQube, Nexus, Jenkins, Slack, Azure DevOps Build Tools Ant, Maven, MSBuild SCMs
SVN, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab, Azure Git LAC Tools Puppet, Ansible, Terraform Containers Docker Application/Web Servers:
Tomcat, WebLogic 9.x/10.x/12c, Apache 2.x/1.3.x, JBoss 7.1 Operating Systems: HP-UX, Solaris 10, Ubuntu 16.0.4, Red Hat Linux,
Windows Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgresSQL Programming Languages: Java Scripting & Other Tools: Groovy,
UNIX Shell Scripts (Ksh, Bash), Git Bash, Putty, 1Term

CERTIFICATIONS

AWS SOLUTION ARCHITECT CERTIFIED
CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER