JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd, - Oy, State - 00000 - Cell 222.222.2222 + emai@address.com
i In Profle: hitp/iwww.linkedin.comy’

"DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGIST » DIGITAL MEDIA MANAGER.

Offering a proven track record in devising web marketing strategies that have pel anette
brands from relative obscurity, building start-u beapener mt gy oo 4 strategic pa chemi en
drivingrevenue, and growing profits in com builder pany capable leader who
quickly and — inspires the trust, confidence, and saorsctr of clients, peers, tckag ate C+tevel
executives, and key decision-makers across a wide range of indusites. Complete, in-depth
understanding of Internet tools, trends, and business models to raise an organization's visibility and
social media ee cross Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, and YouTube; also maintain a modestly-

2

influential personal “Twitter identity: @adinfinitum.
Key Knowledge Areas:

* Digital Content Stra & Design . Cen Sees | Seales Development & Growth
« SEO & Pay-Per-Click lon A reg. ee
* Intemet Brand Marketing . roduction, Distribution, & Delivery
¢ Digital Communications . Podcost —
* Social Media& Community * Blog Authori

Management * Content Detvery & Distribution

Concurrent professional experience includes 8 years as an independent Digital Marketing Consultant:

* Designed and rolled out custom bee Strategies for companies in the software, healthcare
technology, and real estate industnes

* Created and refined social media a egeny in and eee {lo greatly enhance customer acquisition,
customer service, HR, and PR efforts on the

© Developed content initiatives to launch blogs, yo content, and social media profiles in order to
establish thought leadership and generate significant inbound marketing results

© Trained company staff on using social media tools and technologies, and set up internal processes
to manage social media activity across multiple departments

re user of agen / audio editi acy ere. pe web design software, an extensive rai
of web UMS Office on both Pe and C platforms; exercise an cacaptionaly-quce
thera curve to peso swiftly proficient in new saan intricacies.

Creating & Driving Winning ideas By Applying Contemporary Marketing Tactics &Tools

Company & Nation-Wide Firsts

¢ Built and established the first national full-service video production platform from inception.
Pp xo * ~ pee videographers in each of the 50 states and all top metropolitan service areas

. (eotioned es my ens A wil asa yP three resull for organic search queries pertaining to the most relevant
search terms (AgentCa:

¢ Envisioned a product Socaleoment structure which bi ht across-the-board oper: congruency
when building sound libraries during company’s aggressive growth phase iSonic F i