JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished Digital Media Professional with 12-year background developing and managing online marketing campaigns, brand imaging
and website development. Leads routine operations and special projects for new and established customers. Achievements include
developing, revamping and strengthening campaigns to drive revenue growth. Bringing sharp business acumen and acute market sense with
history of success identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities. Proficient in Back-end Systems Management, Adobe Products, and
Microsoft Office.

SKILLS

« Administrative Support e Adobe Illustrator

¢ Hardware Installation e Issue and Resolution Tracking

e Linux Debian e Microsoft Windows and Office

« PF-Sense e Mixing and Mastering

e Proxmox Virtual Environment e Project Management

¢ Developing Creative Content © Digital Media Strategy

e VMware e Media Performance Measurement

e Adobe Photoshop e Research and Analytical Skills
Work History

08/2010 to Current Digital Media & IT Agent
Chicago Bulls — Hoffman Estates, IL

© Developed 1000+ graphic design projects on artwork, web designs. flyers, logos using Photoshop and Illustrator

¢ Collaborated with 80+ artists/teams on various projects, leading design, development, and implementation

e Analyzed media engagement and produced tracking reports.

e Sold 3.3 ETH+ ($10,110) of NFT Artworks via Ethereum Blockchain in 2021 on Foundation/Opensea
Marketplaces

e Highest sold artwork was “Cheers Club” for 1.00 ETH ($3,073), November 22, 2021, via Foundation
(TETRA ETH)

© Onboarded 11 Artists in collective Ah! Hermes as in-house Vocal Engineer to Audius (Blockchain Music
Streaming)

e All 11 artists top-10K most active on Audius and airdropped 300000+ AUDIO ($334,257) in total early 2021

¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.

e Accrued 192,000+ music streams on singles/albums commissioning cover artwork since 2018

¢ Desktop Computer assembly, mass OS imaging and deployment for over 30 clients locally/remotely

¢ Troubleshooting soft/hardware of industrial Vinyl cutters/plotters for local screen-printing businesses (Charlotte)

e Established Charlotte and Bronx home networks using UniFi APs w/ full set-up of UniFi Controller.

e Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule

06/2018 to 01/2021 Digital Marketing Director
Delek Us Holdings — Mount Freedom, NJ
e Created solution-based execution plans to achieve business goals based on Google Analytics and internal reporting
data.
¢ Directed traffic growth strategies, SEO. content distribution, email marketing and trackbacks.
e Co-founded retail company in North Carolina as registered LLC
© Sold 250+ shirts within three months of opening off local purchases and via online Shopify store
e Designed three collections of merchandise which were released and sold out within 1 year
¢ Developed and executed multiple print and digital marketing efforts to enhance brand visibility.
e Reached deal with Charlotte’s Bocao Sushi Restaurant to make Timeless shirts part of uniform policy
e Learn and demonstrate process of creating shirts; screen printing, burning emulsion, heat pressing designs
© Organize photoshoots for collections on upcoming merchandise and post-edit using Lightroom/Photoshop.
e Implemented weekly promotional and editorial strategies to improve customer engagement across channels.

10/2013 to 10/2019 Computer Systems Administrator
CloudCrux Network — City, STATE
e Co-founded dedicated non-profit Minecraft Community with 12,000+ unique members
e Created, set up mods, and server-side plugins for Rust and Minecraft with knowledge in C#, Lua, MySQL, and
Java
e Created nightly jobs for database backups.
¢ Supported day-to-day operations, monitoring and resolving client/server and storage issues.
© Met server datacenter costs/server purchases on donations for 4+ years, met monthly expenses by up to 200%
e Maintained e-mail server with proper DNS Records/SSL Certifications to create e-mails for domains
e Organized development team for website design and creation using HTML, CSS, PHP, and JavaScript
¢ Proxmox VM monitoring, maintained containers on Debian server for e-mails w/ Nginx, pf-Sense, and Windows.
¢ Created patches and solutions to fix bugs in existing applications.
¢ Comprehensively maintained stability of essential data backups on nightly basis.

06/2017 to 06/2019 Computer Hardware and Network Technician
Manhattan College — City, STATE

e Worked on campus-wide network upgrade project installing 300+ access points in dorms and classrooms

© Monitored operational and security procedures for numerous computers in network, related systems administration
and maintenance protocols.

e Responded to issued tickets via TeamDynamix, provided on-site assistance to campus of 3000+ students and staff

e Participated in installing and troubleshooting servers. network switches, access points, and running new lines

¢ Installed/Configured HP Access Points (Models 417, 430) and Aruba Access Points (Models 303h, 315, and 325)

¢ Maintained technology equipment performance by configuring, diagnosing and repairing hardware.

e Traveled to remote office locations to install nodes and implement client software rollouts.

¢ Patched new network switches and assessed lines using LinkRunner (AT-1000)

e Installed cabling, wireless routers and telephone systems for data communications networks.

¢ Collaborated with networking personnel at providers and data centers to determine origination points for faults and
recover from malfunctions.

¢ Troubleshot hardware and software to determine and rectify network problems.

© Configured rack server network hardware considering rail depth, hardware mounting and cable routing.

¢ Demonstrated strong knowledge of all types of electrical components, operations, specifications and proper testing
methods.

EpucatIon

06/2019 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Manhattan College - The Bronx, NY
Received Dean’s Award Scholarship: Dean’s List Fall 2017; Collegiate Science and Technology Entry Program