Robert Smith

Associate Digital Media Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Versatile and experienced professional with extensive background In
planning, designing and implementing creative communications solutions
through print and digital media, web-based marketing and visual
representation, plus qualifications in media and public relations.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Digital Media Manager
State Of New Mexico, Children Youth And Families Department - 2004

-2019
Re sponsibilities-

= Using Adobe Creative Sulte, produce annual reports, strategic work
plans, quarterly key performance measures reports, presentations, and
daily legislative trackers.

= Convert data figures to visual elements including charts, graphics, and
tables as part of these and other reports.

= Create graphics and have editorial oversight of posters, flyers,
brochures, signage, and print and billboard advertisernents promoting
departments programs.

= Guided development and redesign of external web sites
(HeartGalleryNM.org, CYFD.org),

= Responsible for selecting and guiding web development contractor in
site-bullding and improvernents,.

= Perform day-to-day content updates using 4 content management
system.

« Content updates of the departments Intranet using HTML and CSS and
database maintenance using proprietary systerns,

Digital Media Manager
ABC Corporation- 2003 - 2004
Responsibilities:

* Including imprints Insiders Guide, FalconGuides, Lyons Press A trade
publishing company specializing In travel and outdoor recreation books
Reported directly to the CIO, CMO, and often worked directly with the
president, | was the lead developer for all new web and intranet projects
and was the pritnary maintainer of the companys cornplex e-cornmerce
site.

= Coordinated the efforts of two other content managers and two
designers In maintaining the companys web and intranet sites,

= Worked closely with the marketing department to coordinate social
media campaigns.

« Instated and supported multiple content-management systems such as
SharePoint, Drupal, and a proprietary system based on the FuseBox
ColdFusion frarmework,

= Represented the company at trade shows and traveled to its parent
company frequently to participate in internet strategy surnmits.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Adobe Creative Suite,
Microsoft Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Spinetix
Elementi, Google
Analytics, Facebook For
Business, Hootsuite,
ExpressionEngine,
Drupal, HTML, Cascading
Style Sheets,
CreateSend.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Reference - 2 (Company
Name) —