SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Detail-oriented Graphic designer skilled in Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign and storyboarding. I'm seeking
opportunity to bring further success to organizations through elaborate illustration and concept image skills.
Self-starter proudly offering background in technical illustrations and post-image capture processing.
Promoting strong background in producing high-quality content useful for instructive materials. Looking for
lllustrator position with remote and company opportunities. Enthusiastic Illustrator offering 5 years of
exemplary creativity and technical mindset. Sharp and highly trained with foundation in color theory,
composition, lighting and form. With great direction | can fulfill any task.

Graphic Design e Technique Optimization
Robotics e« Visual Elements Integration
Illustrator e Cross-Functional Collaboration
Photoshop e Trend Monitoring

Indesign e Reference Photography

3D Design e Originality and Creativity
Photography e Critical and Creative Thinking
llustration e Art Exhibitions

Advanced Type e Portfolio Maintenance
Computer Imaging e Subject Research

Color Theory e Fine Arts Theory

2D Design e §=6Artistic Design

Social Media Marketing for Charming Charlies e Attention to Detail

Quality Controls e Idea Development and Brainstorming
Computer Skills e Pre-Design Consulting

Microsoft Office e« Verbal and Written Communication
Reliable and Trustworthy e Visualization and Representation
People Skills e Adaptability and Flexibility

Work Ethic e Strategic Direction

Active Listening e Preliminary Artwork Submission
Problem Resolution e« Graphics and Photo Imaging
Working Collaboratively e Graphics Creation

Customer Service e Presentation Skills

Digital Illustration e Digital Rendering

Branding Techniques ¢ Quality Control

Conceptual Graphics e¢ Outlining and Shading

Popular Trends e Administration and Management
Art Styles and Techniques e Artwork Display

Popular Trends e« Decorative Finishes
Independence and Innovation e Sketching and Modeling

Color Selection e Feedback Incorporation
Problem Solving e Artwork Framing

Line and Space Control

DIGITAL ILLUSTRATOR 03/2022 to CURRENT

Adcetera | Houston, TX

Brand Marketing

Customer service

Collaborated in team environment to maintain high levels of productivity.

Transformed artistic concepts into characters, environments and other objects to reflect artist's vision.
Applied learned color theory and lighting techniques into designs to add dimension and depth.
Nurtured relationships with artists and other internal partners to create positive rapport for future
projects.

Devised illustrations that complied with customer specifications, company standards and mathematical
formulas to fulfill customer project requests.

Brainstormed with marketing and creative personnel to design high-quality images and illustrations for
custom projects.

Used Illustrator to create custom images to enhance clients' marketing campaigns.

Produced computer-generated artwork to enhance articles and feature stories in technical journals and
publications.

Controlled light, texture and shadows to create lifelike characters.

GFCAPHIC DESIGNER 10/2021 to 02/2022
Afrologic Art | City, STATE

Item arrangement for photos on social media

Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs,
posters and other promotional materials.

Developed. designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners
and signs.

Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.

Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.

Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.

Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.

Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.

Designed interactive graphics for licensed products on compatible consumer platforms.

Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow
customer base.

Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.

Used Illustrator to create images and layouts.

Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.

Adjusted images sizes and selected fonts for Branding projects.

DEGIGN COLLABORATOR 10/2021 to 01/2022
SHEINxCOLLABORATION | City, STATE

Managed designs and Illustrations

Email coordination

Developed custom artworks to be utilized by company

Discussed with producers budgets for upcoming projects

Consulted team for best overall group experience

Developed graphic images to achieve design goals

Worked directly with clients to establish project scope, interaction guidelines, and project timelines
Managed multiple projects and tasks simultaneously while managing client expectations.

Sketched outline designs and used CAD programs to create detailed designs and specifications.
Sought ongoing refinement of in-use engineering processes to shorten production times and reduce
costs.

Collaborated with sales and project management personnel to develop product concepts.

Bachelor of Arts | Graphic Design 07/2021
Park University, 8700 NW River Park Drive

JessicaClaire97 wixsite.com/website
linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-5077a8212