JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Hardworking and reliable team member with strong ability in multi-task. Offering creativity, ingenuity, and detailed problem-solving skills.
Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

SKILLS
e Data file transferring © Operational improvement
* Data entry ¢ Problem resolution
e Negative processing e Customer service
e Stock replenishing e Project organization
e Display building e Business operations
¢ Money handling e Invoice generation
¢ Production deadline management ® Process improvement
e Ink and toner inventory e Team building
e Reporting and documentation e Insurance billing
¢ Special design projects ¢ Communications
¢ Supply ordering e Relationship development
e Photo processing equipment e Supervision
e MS Office e Organization
e Planning and coordination « Team management
e Administrative support e Inventory management
EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Specialist, 02/2020 - 05/2020
Garver — Greenwood Village. CO
e Entered corrected records into SpinCar and added additional adjustments as required.
* Classified, sorted and filed correspondence, articles, records and other documents to maintain organized filing system.
* Supported special projects upon request from the department manager, owner and General Manager
¢ Kept meticulous reports and documentation detailing daily processing activities, updated logs and submitted timely reports for supervisor
review.
¢ Conducted monthly onsite visits to external facilities to maintain standardization and compliance across all levels of operations.
e Identified areas within the photo lab that could be improved and implemented new processes that resulted in greater overall efficiency.
¢ Completed daily checklists to maximize the efficiency of photo department operations.
e Purchased materials and props for photo shoots to enhance products and appearance of subjects.
¢ Improvised photographic methods and techniques.
* Collaborated with clients to guarantee satisfaction with photos.
¢ Collaborated successfully with variety of personalities and work styles.
* Defined image requirements and planned photographic events.
e Maintained over $1.500 worth of studio equipment.
¢ Selected and set up motion picture or television cameras and accessories.
* Cropped, manipulated and performed color-balance for final images.
e Ordered all photo laboratory supplies, including toner, ink and paper, so that inventories were always maintained.
¢ Improved profit margins by streamlining operations and workflow and negotiating competitive vendor contracts.
¢ Utilized SpinCar to compile data gathered from various sources.
e Handled all delegated tasks, including photography and uploading images to website.
¢ Oversaw the maintenance of lab printers and photo processing equipment to ensure consistent functionality.
e Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.
¢ Delivered Spincar to customer locations.
¢ Collaborated with others to discuss new sales opportunities.
* Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
¢ Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Insurance Coordinator, 02/2017 - 08/2017
Bassett Healthcare —Edmeston, NY
© Methodically resolved active claims by analyzing possible discount violations, PODs, shortages, returns and related advertising.
¢ Oversaw disputes resolution and reconciliation for 60 client accounts.
© Worked with underwriting on loss reserves and risk assessment and coordinated field reviews.
e Adhered to company and insurance client's guidelines in claims processes, estimate writing and claim closures.
* Obtained all necessary information to complete proper evaluation of injury claims.
e Managed caseload of 60 clients each quarter.
* Coordinated with law enforcement and testified at criminal proceedings.
* Complied with company and insurance client's guidelines in claims processes, estimate writing and closing of claims.
e Analyzed first reports of loss and underlying file material to determine if claim was suspect.
* Conducted interviews, gathered detailed information and completed field investigations.
¢ Contacted injured parties and legal representatives to negotiate final settlements for claims.
* Reduced loss ratios through fair and prompt processing of claims.
e Drafted statement of loss to summarize damages, payments and underlying policy coverage.
e Handled all delegated tasks, including site visits and direct communications with clients.
¢ Supported collections department by compiling paperwork and taking detailed meeting minutes.

¢ Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.

Payroll Coordinator, 01/2014 - 12/2015
215t Century Oncology — Troy, MI
e Prepared physical checks for employees and check stubs for those receiving direct deposits of funds.
e Managed payroll for over 1.000 hourly and salaried employees.
¢ Calculated overtime, vacation sick hours and other categories of time.
e Generated relevant paperwork and payroll reports.
e Kept operations in compliance with requirements by applying knowledge of applicable regulations, legal statutes and tax code information.
e Responded to requests for information as company expert on payroll operations.
e Managed files and payroll for over 1.000 employees.
© Received, filed and processed paperwork and documents for on-boarding employees.
¢ Protected payroll operations and maintained employee confidence by keeping information private.
¢ Determined payroll liabilities by calculating employee federal and state income, social security taxes and employer's social security,
unemployment and workers compensation payments.
e Tracked and applied tax liens, child support and other types of wage garnishments to paychecks.
e Prepared reports by compiling summaries of nontaxable wages, disability, leave, deductions, taxes and earnings.
e Constructed leave pay schedules, processed payroll garnishments and worked closely with payroll! executives to pay out bonuses,
severances, service awards and special payments.
e Gathered timesheets to prepare weekly payroll data for processing by payroll coordinator.
e Prepared manual checks and initiated direct deposits for 1.000 employees.
e Organized and maintained payroll information by entering data, deleting errors, calculating and collecting information.

Collector, 01/2015 - 05/2015
Delta Apparel, Inc. — Texas City, TX
e Recovered lost revenue by persistently reaching out to customers with past due accounts.
¢ Remained calm, stayed professional and provided exceptional service on all calls, even when interacting with difficult individuals.
¢ Followed fair debt practices and regulatory guidelines when managing collections process.
¢ Reached out to customer to pursue payments, remind of obligations and discuss default procedures.
* Overcame objections by applying advanced training and persuasion techniques.
e Evaluated customer accounts to determine adherence to repayment schedules.
e Oversaw daily collections and accounts receivable activities, developing robust strategies to maximize collections and reduce aged
accounts.
¢ Processed payments over phone and set up recurring drafts.
e Reduced aged accounts by collecting on approximately 150 accounts daily.
e Administered delinquency cycle from start to finish, managing collections calling, skip tracing, outside collections agency coordination and
related litigation.
e Met demands of busy collections group by performing high volume of daily calls.
e Reviewed accounts to determine payment plan compliance.
¢ Placed outbound collections calls daily to approximately 150 accountholders.
© Located debtors by utilizing skip tracking and other strategies.
¢ Created repayment plans based on account holders’ financial status and repayment abilities.
e Investigated and solved problems with payments, account updates and other concerns.
¢ Oversaw settlement, discharge and sale of repossessed items and buildings.
e Updated accounts and credit reports to reflect recent changes.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma: 06/2000
Higgins High School - Higgins, TX

Associate of Arts: English Education
TCC - Hurst , TX