JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I feel called to serve in a church as a Media Pastor/Director. Serving in church media, tech, or production is one of the most essential
responsibilities in making Sunday services possible. This job is not about just being a button-pusher; it’s about helping people experience Jesus
by creating a distraction-free environment. You are setting the stage, both literally and figuratively, for people to hear the Gospel, maybe for the
first time.

SKILLS
* Detail-oriented e Premiere Pro, Photoshop, After Effects software proficiency
e Flexible & Adaptable e ProPresenter 7, Emulation Control Software proficiency
e Customer Service e Yamaha TF Series and Soundcraft VI1
* Responsible
Work HIsTory

Digital Media Director. 03/2020 - Current
Dentsu Aegis Network — New York, NY
e Weekly attendants of 500.
e Worked with a budget of $8,000.
e Viewership size across YouTube, Facebook, and website 20-30 people.
© Worked with the Minister of Music to create a media production room, costing $15,000.
¢ Monitor brand and content consistency across digital channels.
* Coordinate online presence using web tools and social media channels.
e Work with team to resolve technical issues when posting, customizing, and adjusting content or applications.
e Create graphics using Photoshop and After Effects and published online.
¢ Work with the Lead Pastor to create sermon series titles and matching artwork.
e Determine monitoring benchmarks to analyze and improve the website and social media performance.
* Created an engaging environment to foster a sense of belonging for all participants.
e Oversee production team of 6 for weekly services. This includes scheduling 3 weekly volunteers and preparing detailed instructions for
camera and sound.
e Training of new volunteers for the Media Team.
* Created consistent structural input format to maintain site continuity by authoring and implementing best practices for designers and
content providers.
e Tested and debugged site updates and prevented functional flaws from impacting public visitors.
¢ Collected and analyzed Web metrics such as visits, time on site, and page views per visit.

Stocker Associate, 06/2019 - Current
Per Mar Security Services — Peru, IL
e Operate manual and electric pallet jacks, safely relocating heavy merchandise on sales floor for timely stocking.
© Collaborate with backroom and receiving team, working night shifts to support inventory fulfillment goals.
e Change sales floor signs to show current pricing and support product promotions.
e Take on customer service duties as needed, contributing with teams of up to 20 to achieve top ratings in satisfaction surveys.
e Block and face products on displays and shelves in accordance with company policy.
e Greet customers and direct to requested products.
e Maintain effective team member communication.
¢ Place products in correct storage locations to keep stock areas organized and inventory counts accurate.

e Answer customer questions and provide detailed product information.

Security System Technician, 08/2018 - 06/2019
Security Control Equipment — City, STATE
e Educated customers on effective use of security systems.
e Installed access controls, alarms, and video surveillance systems.
¢ Provided training on how to properly use security systems so that customers were knowledgeable.
e Recommended improvements in security systems and procedures.
e Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security countermeasures.
e Resolved problems, improved operations, and provided exceptional service.
e Eliminated downtime and maximized revenue by providing top project quality control.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Media Communications, 08/2021
Full Sail University - Winter Park, FL
Full Sail is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC), [School # 055214].

PORTFOLIO

e www_JessicaClaire.dev