Digital Media Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Man ager/Coordin ator Website; www.qwikresurne.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshvlle Rood,

Alabarna,

Objective

Over achieving disabled veteran with arnbition, courage, and integrity. Public Administration with
a focus on Public Relations; while minoring in Corporate Communication. The unique mixture of
these studies gives perspective relative to corporate structure and both Internal and external
cormmunication, project and personnel planning, and resource management.

Skills

Microsoft Office.

Work Experience

Digital Media Manager/Coordinator
Grantham University - Decernber 2012 - 2019

Design, plan and produce media content and materials for supporting the strategic plan of the
University Including but not limited to audio, video, script development, shoot managernent,
review and editing.

Manage production, hosting, moderating and coordination of live and recorded multirnedia
projects to enhance the GU brand,

Coordinate project schedule and assist with media prornotion supporting the strategic
initiatives and goals of the University,

Ensure leads generated frorn developed media content are appropriately distributed to
correct destinatioris,

Package recordings for post-event marketing/distribution channels.

Manage all pre and post event tasks pertaining to multimedia projects.

Set goals, track and report on the outcornes of each multimedia project,

Digital Media Manager
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2012

Managed all 4 station web sites and upgraded all 4 websites to current technology and better
design,

Increased all 4-station web statistics 300% in Unique IP visitors and 400%,

Initiated On-line contesting.

Revised all 4-station Social Media offerings.

All 4 Facebook and Twitter accounts grew in Fans.

http/warnwarnfin.com http//967jackim.upickern. net/engine/Welcorme, aspxcantestid= 169574
http//weww.true oldieswaxi.corny.

This iS Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

Education
Master of Fine Arts in Film Production -2025(Full Sail University - Winter Park, FL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines