JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dynamic Producer recognized industry-wide for creative leadership and artistic innovation. Recipient of multiple awards for quality of work.

Successful at bringing out best in cast and crew.

SKILLS

* Social Media e Interpersonal Communication Skills
* Verbal and written communications e Recordkeeping
e Telephone etiquette e Staff Management
e Business partnerships e Fundraising
e Team Leadership © Print Media
e Hiring and Recruitment Knowledge * Volunteer Tasking
e Generating Schedules ® Volunteer Recruitment Strategy
e Team Development * Volunteer Coordination
e Budgeting ¢ Sorting
e Adobe Creative Suite e Strong Graphic And Visual Sense
¢ Final Cut Pro ¢ Digital Video Production Process
¢ ProTools e Digital Tools
e Avid ¢ Creative Problem Solver
* Microsoft Suite e Marketing And Advertising
e Event Planning e Film Editing
* Schedule Coordination ¢ Client Relations

Work HIsTory

Digital Media Producer, 01/2013 - 09/2022
Public Consulting Group — Augusta, ME
* Cut delivery times through proactive tracking and monitoring of project timelines and aggressive pursuit of organization's approval of
digital and print files.
e Streamlined operational processes and workflow to increase efficiency of team performance and resource allocation.
e Researched and identified digital platforms aligned with project objectives, best practices, accessibility and sustainability.
e Edited video, audio and photos to enhance and complete post-production work for polished appearance.
e Tracked maintenance of all film production equipment and supply inventory.
e Devised social media strategies and outreach by generating content ideas and highly-visual digital marketing content.
* Collaborated with team to develop audio and visual material meeting user needs and production goals.
¢ Remained highly composed and calm in very fast-paced, stressful and constantly changing environments to provide optimal leadership and
achieve desired results.
¢ Spokesperson for organization's for artistic and educational purpose via speaking engagements with the community.
e Maintained annual program budget.
e Responsible for supervising, recruiting, hiring, and evaluation of artistic personnel.

TV Producer, 03/2015 - 04/2021
Entravision Communications Corporation — Denver, CO
e Applied current editing and photography tools to tell great stories.
* Coordinated with producers and on-air talent to create program content, new ideas and segments.
* Orchestrated license agreements for music and footage, talent releases and distribution contracts.
* Maintained project costs through careful budgeting and monitoring of expenditures.
¢ Presented production ideas and determined creative scenarios for production and delivery.
¢ Planned video shoots in studio and remotely by managing production through stages to completion.
¢ Realigned production schedules to factor in changing conditions such as materials shortages and evolving designs.
¢ Improved production company operations and profitability by applying new technologies and fostering evolution of production standards.
¢ Developed project budgets and managed production costs.
e Devised and implemented strategies to create new revenue streams and cut operational costs.
e Developed schedules for production, editing and duplication for timely delivery.
* Generated leads through cold calling. networking and social media.
¢ Prepared over fifty crew contracts and finalized paperwork for production crew hires on projects.
e Researched, developed and pitched stories that reflected unique sensibilities of production company brand.
e Directed work of lighting and sound crews to coordinate efficient production operations.
e Remained highly composed and calm in very fast-paced, stressful and constantly changing environments to provide optimal leadership and
achieve desired results.
¢ Identified and approved equipment and elements required for productions.
e Participated in meetings with producers and production crew to keep program in step with creative vision.
e Alleviated issues between talent on set to keep projects on track and avoid delays or budget overages.
e Alleviated issues between talent on set to keep projects on track and avoid delays or budget overages.
e Reviewed scripts and made changes to improve wording, flow or interest levels, consistently producing highly successful documentaries.
* Conducted meetings with staff to discuss production progress and to attain production objectives.

Production Consultant, 06/2022 - 08/2022
Conde Nast Digital — 1166 6Th Avenue, NY
¢ Introduced new methods, practices and systems to reduce turnaround time.
* Coordinated with producers and on-air talent to create program content, new ideas and segments.
e Planned video shoots in studio and remotely by managing production through stages to completion.

Production Consultant, 05/2022 - 07/2022
Keeper Of The Flame Productions, LLC — City, STATE
e Participated in meetings with producers and production crew to keep program in step with creative vision.
¢ Created and developed detailed work plans to meet production priorities and deadlines.
e Analyzed problematic areas to provide recommendations and solutions.
e Improved performance, local crew hiring practices and management systems to facilitate success of client's production.
¢ Coordinated with producers and on-air talent to create program content, new ideas and segments.
e Generated leads through cold calling. networking and social media.
e Researched, developed and pitched stories that reflected unique sensibilities of reality network brand.

Production Consultant, 03/2022 - 05/2022
Company Name — City, State
e Managed multiple deadlines across several episodes to meet dynamic needs of multiple producers.
e Researched, developed and pitched stories that reflected unique sensibilities of series brand.
e Presented production ideas and determined creative scenarios for production and delivery.
* Collaborated with production executives to define and propel organization's mission and vision.
e Generated leads through cold calling, networking and social media.
e Reviewed scripts and made changes to improve wording, flow or interest levels, consistently producing highly successful shows.

Casting Producer, 03/2016 - 11/2016
Company Name — City, State
e Witnessed all rounds of auditions to determine most qualified talent for roles.
e Negotiated payments, schedules and billing with actors and agents.
* Collaborated with multidisciplinary team of actors, directors and producers to determine role's requirements.
¢ Scheduled appointments for auditions or readings with available actors.
* Conducted interviews with 200 candidates to test suitability.
e Engaged in sourcing activities to find suitable candidates.
* Circulated breakdown notices among talent agencies and independent agents to search for perfect cast.
e Managed expenditures to keep casting budget in check.
¢ Remained composed and highly professional in fast-paced and constantly changing environment, effectively handling challenging
situations and difficult individuals to achieve objectives.
e Alleviated issues between actors on set to keep projects on track and avoid delays or budget overages.
¢ Identified and approved equipment and elements required for productions.

Talented and Gifted Theatre Arts Teacher, 08/2014 - 06/2015
Company Name — City, State
¢ Encouraged students to perform well and learn from failure.
© Modeled creative acting styles and techniques encompassing varied history genres and performance techniques.
« Exposed students to diverse content to build perspective in drama pedagogy.
e Evaluated student assignments and projects with corrective comments to guide future growth.
e Planned lessons to reflect group and individual student needs utilizing creative instruction.
¢ Produced and directed end of semester theatrical student productions.

TV Producer, 02/2014 - 05/2014
Company Name — City, State
¢ Coordinated with producers and on-air talent to create program content, new ideas and segments.
¢ Presented production ideas and determined creative scenarios for production and delivery.
e Maintained project costs through careful budgeting and monitoring of expenditures.
¢ Developed schedules for production, editing and duplication for timely delivery.

Production Consultant, 03/2009 - 12/2013
Company Name — City, State
¢ Hired and trained specialty on screen talent.
e Researched, developed and pitched stories that reflected unique sensibilities of series brand.

¢ Collaborated with series executives to define and propel production's mission and vision.

Film Producer, 03/2009 - 10/2012
Company Name — City, State
* Coordinated with production team, producer and director to pinpoint creative vision, determine technical needs and devise shooting
schedule.
¢ Completed pre-production planning such as setting budgets, hiring crew and cast members and obtaining permits.
¢ Produced entertainment and lifestyle news reports, music videos and commercials.
e Managed client contact, shoot scheduling and product deliveries.
e Created infrastructure and directed implementation of post-production workflows.
e Wrote, directed, shot and edited scripted dramatic project with $50,000 budget.
© Produced marketing videos to help businesses increase revenue.
e Devised and implemented strategies to create new revenue streams and cut operational costs.
e Alleviated issues between actors on set to keep projects on track and avoid delays or budget overages.
* Orchestrated license agreements for music and footage, talent releases and distribution contracts.
e Remained highly composed and calm in very fast-paced, stressful and constantly changing environments to provide optimal leadership and
achieve desired results.
¢ Developed project budgets and managed production costs.
e Found appropriate stories and ideas for programming to engage target audiences and hook advertisers.
e Participated in meetings with producers and production crew to keep program in step with creative vision.
* Oversaw lighting, graphics, audio and camera movements in movie filmmaking.
© Observed tight deadlines and strict budgetary controls to avoid waste and streamline costs.
® Visited various locations for shoots and oversaw live field operations, typically supervising 40 - person production teams.

Music Video Producer/Director, 03/2011 - 06/2011

Company Name — City, State
e Spearheaded innovative approaches to resource allocation and strategic planning.
¢ Directed work of lighting and sound crews to coordinate efficient production operations.
e Evaluated scripts to identify creative strategies and resource needs.

e Monitored expenditures to mitigate risk of overages.

Film Producing Student, 08/2006 - 05/2011
Company Name — City, State
e Assessed captured video to guarantee digital integrity.
e Assisted with development of stories for film projects.
¢ Performed diverse administrative tasks in support of production team.
¢ Scheduled shoots, set up for filming and assisted with implementing logistics.
e Saved staff members time by performing routine tasks.
e Managed film shoots, set teams and performers while creating work schedules and operating production equipment.
e Reviewed work for quality and compliance with student film company standards and design specifications.
e Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.
© Studied department operations to assist with development of new or improved methods of film production processes.
e Applied lean practices to balance workflow and eliminate unnecessary steps.
* Monitored production budgets to keep projects on task and avoid waste.

EDUCATION
Master Of Fine Arts: Film And Television Production , 05/2011
University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA

Bachelor of Arts: Digital Communications And Multimedia, 12/2005
University of New Orleans - New Orleans, LA

Bachelor of Arts: Communications, 2005
Texas Southern University - Houston, TX

Bachelor of Arts: Film Production, 2003
North Carolina School of The Arts - Winston-salem. NC

Associate of Arts: Theatre Arts, 2002
Delgado Community College - New Orleans, LA

High School Diploma: 05/2000
New Orleans Center For Creative Arts -Theatre Arts - New Orleans, LA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e USC School of Cinematic Arts Jane Fonda Scholarship, 2008
* Gambit Newspaper 40 under 40, 2000
e National Performance Network Take Notice Award Winner, 2021