PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Digital Marketing Specialist with 5 years of content creation experience. Specializes in harnessing the power
of social media to boost customer engagement in innovative ways.

e Talented public speaker e HTML

« Strong written and verbal communication skills e CSS

« Social media marketing e Adobe Creative Suite/Cloud

« Online marketing campaign management e Google AdWords

« Advanced layout and design skills e Video editing

e« Web content creation e Excellent online community management
DIGITAL MEDIA SPECIALIST 06/2014 to CURRENT

Garver | Dallas, TX

e Create and manage all content on websites, blogs and social media.

e Develop and execute major Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and web campaigns within budget and scope
of online objectives.

e Boosted website traffic by 50% by creating an integrated social media strategy.

e Implement and manage on-site SEO for websites, blogs, and YouTube.

e Streamline operational efficiencies by implementing innovative marketing and sales strategies, including
email-marketing campaigns.

e Design effective and engaging print and marketing initiatives for all website properties.

e Track and analyze social and web data to choreograph and optimize targeted social campaigns, as well
as assign RO/driven metrics to each campaign.

PUSLICIST 09/201 2 to 06/2014

Harpercollins Publishers | Boston, MA

e Coordinated PR campaigns for 30+ new book titles each year. This included: writing and distributing
press releases. creating media lists for each title, keeping in constant contact with old and new media
outlets, following up on review copy requests and review statuses, crafting and managing social media
and PR campaigns for each individual author and their new title.

e Pitched and secured print media, television. online and radio for every author and each nev title.

e Attended 3-5 trade shows each year to preserve company relations with distributors, customers and
media personnel.

e Oversaw author tours and media events.

e Worked with sales and marketing departments to create cohesive publicity efforts.

M.CRKETING ASSISTANT 06/2012 to 08/2012
Hargrave Military Academy | Chatham, VA
e Collect data from our major distribution companies each week to determine sales and track any
patterns.
e Fulfilled any basic requested maintenance of the websites, such as adding images, SEO implementation
and creating landing pages.
e Completed various projects requested by the Director of Marketing and Sales.

WEB DESIGN & SOCIAL MEDIA CONTRACTOR 11/2011 to 04/2012
Design Net Web Solutions | City, STATE

e Designed and social media pages for clients.
e Conceptualized, planned and executed original designs for a wide range of website properties.
e Used site analytics and metrics to define and monitor success.

Master of Science | Interative Media DECEMBER 2012
Quinnipiac University, Meriden, CT
« 3.7 GPA

Bz ohelor of Arts | Communications MAY 2011
Central Connecticut State University, New Britain, CT

« 3.1 GPA
« Minor in Creative Writing