Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Goal-driven fundraising professional with advanced knowledge of money generating and donor relations techniques. Successfully
oversees high-income operations and maximizes revenue with creative and strategic approaches. Expert in cultivating long-lasting

and profitable operations.
Skills
e Nonprofit Management & Program Development e Experience Supervision & Leadership of Team of 8 - 15
¢ Fundraising & Donor Management e Managing Operations and Efficiency within Budget
e Community Development for Local (Ferguson/Florissant ¢ Quarterly and Annual Audit and Board Reports
Community Enrichment) and International Volunteer ¢ Verbal and Written Communication: Content, Copyright,
Engagement and Outreach (Optimist International over 2300 Press Release, and Editor
Clubs and 60000 Members Worldwide) e Website Development and Data Management
¢ Project Management Short & Long Term ¢ Digital Marketing FullStack Certified & UX Certified
¢ Critical Thinking with Problem Solving Strategies ¢ Digital Acquisitions and SaaS White Label and Open Source
e Training & Development of Staff and Volunteers e Planning & Organizing of Events Hybrid, Virtual, or In-
¢ Relationship Building and Partner Networking Person
¢ Public Relations and Brand Management ¢ identifying and building partnership networks and
¢ Data & Membership Management CRM relationships for strategic gain
Accomplishments

e Created highly effective new hybrid and remote event programs to continue organization-impacted efficiency during a global
pandemic.

e Successfully campaigned to bring Optimist Day to be recognized as an annual national calendar day celebrated by millions
worldwide.

e Improved organization value and benefits for paid and volunteer membership by bringing new committee-inspired programs to
fruition.

¢ Brought department costs down by 30% through effective department audits and reviews.

¢ Team Lead in the annual "Celebrate Community” project with Kiwanis International, Lions Club International, and Rotary
International that significantly improved and promoted cross-collaboration of the world's largest nonprofit community
organizations worldwide.

¢ Collaborated with Main Street organization and City of Florissant and Ferguson, to revitalize community history and outreach
"This Place Matters” after Ferguson 2014 unrest.

¢ Received Honors by Schofield Barracks Military command for community research and outreach initiative during the Iraq war.

Experience

Senior Director of Digital Marketing, 04/2022 to Current
Northwell Health — Rockville Centre, NY
¢ Built out a new digital marketing department.
e Oversaw social media and digital marketing strategy to increase brand exposure and audience engagement.
¢ Developed targeted strategies and project plans to drive vision and enhance business value.
e Evaluated websites and developed forceful action plans to increase engagement.
e Tracked latest search marketing technologies, digital trends and strategies to identify options for integration into current
methodologies.
¢ Worked with technical leads, engineers and designers to develop dynamic client-side web applications across various areas of
business.
¢ Developed custom web application interfaces with HTML and CSS to meet client requirements.
¢ Monitored milestones and deliverables to stay ahead of schedules and proactively spot potential roadblocks.
¢ Performed input and output processes according to system specifications.
¢ Evaluated new technologies and software products to determine feasibility and desirability of incorporating such capabilities

within current system.

Director of Digital Marketing and Media, 11/2019 to 04/2022
Lineage Logistics — Portsmouth, VA

e Oversee the planning and implementation of organizations digital growth and global outreach strategies. Community
management of Organization to over 2200 clubs and over 60,000 members around the world.

¢ Develop and build new digital marketing and media department within the organization.

¢ Manages all social media and digital marketing strategy to increase brand exposure, community growth, and audience
engagement.

e Website Full-Stack front-end webmaster developer & engineer for SEO and UI/UX user experience. Designed, managed and
maintained company website wireframe, direct video designs and emails.

¢ Creating project roadmap(s) from conception to launch, driving vision, defining key concepts and strategy, and leading design
discussions.

¢ Developed marketing reports involving web design, remarketing campaigns, key phrase packages and new media advertising
campaigns to increase search engine optimization.

¢ Performed competitor and consumer Google analytics, site analysis, and behavior reports to identify and develop strategies for
high-value keyword and backlink options.

¢ Successfully campaigned and helmed to make "Optimist Day” an international day, which is now celebrated by millions around
the world, trends over social media, and increased brand and community awareness to the organization.

¢ Participated as a key team member and project manager for Optimist International joint project initiative with Kiwanis
International, Lions Clubs International, and Rotary International, in the development and launch of Celebrate Community, a
global initiative.

Business Owner/Operator, 10/2015 to 11/2019
Gateway Legacy Christian Academy — City, STATE
¢ Built relationships through outreach and engagement with community leaders and business owners.
¢ Under contract with City of Florissant, built out digital social media presence, grew social media engagement by over 1,000%
within an 8-month period, and conducted outreach to local businesses and nonprofits to cross- promote city and community
events. Manage city digital communities.
e Projects include networking and promotion of local all city events, community projects, and historical preservation.
¢ Florissant/Ferguson Historical Preservation, local chamber of commerce Women Empowerment event, St. Baldrick fundraising,
and School District of 18,000 - Magic House community school outreach program and annual Gift Land program
¢ Fundraising Project Management and Consulting: Building a good rapport with potential donors, establishing donor, events,
and sponsorship.
e Explored user behavior & trends to define driving triggers & high performing product management.

Community Outreach Specialist, 12/2018 to 09/2020
Gamerzfix LLC — City, STATE
¢ Participated in workshops and trainings to improve skills and learn new methods for classroom instruction.
¢ Developed guides and course materials to reinforce lecture information and help students learn.
e Researched and developed innovative learning methods to optimize learning processes.
¢ Managed curriculum development and daily facility operations to align with corporate objectives.
e Uploaded online lessons and tools for students to use in studies.
¢ Helped define mission and standards for student volunteer within the community by collaborating with special committees and
organization leadership.

¢ Developed e-learning LMS to improved curriculum, course formats and lesson presentations for online students.

Owner/Operator, 12/2005 to 12/2018
Company Name — City, State
¢ Led virtual world business startup, creation of operational procedures and workflow planning.
¢ Hired and mentored core start-up team, working to outline initial company policies and procedures.
¢ Managed day-to-day business operations to over 45 virtual community servers in Second Life - Managed and coordinated a staff
of 23 remote up to 150, international contractors to meet growth objectives.
¢ Adaptability to different ways of thinking, enabling leaders to shift and experiment as things change.
¢ Cognitive to different critical thinking strategies and mental frameworks in a digital global environment.
¢ Utilized 3D modeling, texture and mapping to create graphics and visual effects.
¢ Coordinated with project managers across multiple initiatives to align development timelines, plan testing and work with client

representatives.
Certifications

¢ Full-Stack Certification (Savvy Coders)- 2019

« Community Management Mastery (Digital Markers) - 2020

¢ Search Marketing Mastery (Digital Marketers) - 2020

¢ SQL (Data Science Dojo) - 2021

e Agile Master Class Certification (The Agile Coach) - 2019

¢ Advanced Social Media Strategy Training and Certification (HubSpot) - 2020

¢ UX (Google) — Design User Experience & Design - 2022

e Engage and Moderate a Community & Make Strategic Content Decisions for a Community Meta (Facebook Blueprint) - 2021

Education and Training
UX Design, 07/2022

Google Creative Campus - Digital

Bachelor of Science: 01/2006
Hawaii Pacific University - Honolulu, HI

Associate of Arts: Liberal Arts, 08/2001
University of Hawaii Manoa - Honolulu, HI

MBA: Leadership
Northwest Missouri State University - Maryville, MO
Websites, Portfolios, Profiles

¢ https://JessicaClaire.me/
¢ https:/Avww.linkedin.com/in/JessicaClaire808/
¢ https://explanationpt.com/