Thomas Cruise

Marketing & Communications Manager

Work Experience
Highly skilled, a creative marketing

professional with a proven track record Marketing & Communications Manager 2017-02 - Present
of success in planning and executing
creative, high-impact, and strategic VMware

marketing campaigns to effect change,

e Creating and implementing effective communication strategies to enhance awareness,
build and engage an audience, and P : a

understanding and committed support for new company-wide initiatives.

advance brands. e Serving as trusted communications advisor to executive leadership.
e Creating and publishing internal marketing content For continuous improvement and IT
initiatives.
Fields of Experience © Coordinating conferences, webcasts, and special events to enhance each initiative's
reputation.
e Education e Collaborating with teams across U.S., Canada, and India.
e Non-profits
© Child Welfare . ,
e Performing Arts Marketing & Communications Manager 2013-03 - 2017-01
e Telecommunications .
e Industry Associations Time Inc.
e Assistive Technology e Rebranded Association presence From logo to website, print materials, displays,
e Print Media Technology and booths, etc.
Manufacturing e Transformed staid industry newsletter into a popular content-rich publication Featuring

critical trend reports.
e Partnered with the Government Affairs director and key Board members to
communicate policy positions out to the industry.

Areas of Expertise Assembled and chaired Marketing Advisory Committee of Industry thought leaders.

a Vidoes e Created and issued email blasts and personalized digital print direct mail campaigns.
° Photography e Designed the stage program, secured industry speakers, scripted presentations and
° Graphic Design wrote presidential speeches.
e Social Media Marketing
* Public & Media Relations Communications Manager 2009-04 - 2013-02
e Publications Management
* Corporate Communications — Advance Publications
: age baw chal abla. at e Reported to the Director of communications and assisted with all the external
Laird nares tasedaihdeo athe communications, public relations and marketing activities For a national trade
e Marketing Strategies & Campaigns

association and its foundation.
e Designed, strategic communications planning, message development, website
management, email marketing, print buying and collateral design for various programs
and conferences.
Served as an in-house reporter and contributing writer for the monthly newsletter.

e Pr & Media Relations e Recognized for revitalizing company's presence at an annual trade show.

e Crisis Communication

e Running Customer Councils

° Audio Production & Psas Internal Communications Manager 2008-01 - 2009-03
. pa Nn st ptdetletid World Vision International

e Employee Communication e Created and maintained online news portals and internal messaging.

e Hosting Panels and Webinars e Built internal best practices for nationwide initiatives, including benefits

e User Experience Focus Groups communications.

e Expert Video Story Production e Managed town hall meetings, rewards and recognition programs, and employee focus
e Cision Professional Pr Platform groups.

e Leading Events on Capitol Hill e Served as community liaison and board member for the regional division.

e Digital Media Creation/Curation

* Managing Communication Teams

© Social Media Community Building

e Executive Speechwriting & Counsel

e Client Testimonials & Case Studies

Hobbies and Interests

Master of Science in Marketing Communication 2004 - 2006
Fishing Manhattanville College School of Business
e Squash
e Surfing
° Drawing Bachelor of Marketing 1999 - 2004
e Swimming , ‘
© Snooker/Pool Northeastern State University
e Club leadership