ROBERT SMITH
Director of Digital Marketing

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Digital Marketer with 10+ years sxperiance with the six pillars of inbound marketing which includes
PPG, SEO, Content Development, Blogging, Social Media, and Email. With a strong focus on the
key business metrics Including revenue, profit, dernand, traffic, site conversion, retention, and
engagement.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Marketing, Optimization, Project Management, Search Engine Optimization, U|, Loyalty prograrns,
Brand Management. Digital Marketing Campaigns, Digital Strategy.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Director of Digital Marketing
Denios - 2014 — Present

Key Deliverables:

= Provide digital |eadership for new business opportunities Including digital strategy
development spanning owned, earned and paid media.

« Manage, and develop content strategies leveraging vast experience in writing and sditing
for SEO, blog posts. social media, and white papers.

« Interface with the product and engineering teams to rapidly design, iterate, build and
optimize landing pages, learning centers, user flaws, UX, and product funnals,

« Defining campaigns and programs to meet and exceed quarterly sales lead targets,
maasuring performance, utilizing marketing automation plationms and CRM systems.

= Partner with tha marketing tam to optimize marketing automation and lead nurturing
processes through email, content, and social channels.

= Provide customer analysis, segmenting customers, establishing the reporting
Infrastructure, tracking performances, and presenting the results to the tearn.

* Managing. motivating and mentoring an in-house digital team, leveraging the teama&rsquo;s
strengths through engaging and sffective tsam management.

Internet Marketing
Passport Health Plan - 2012 — 2014

Key Deliverables:

« Turned around Under-parforming web presence within the marketing dapartment, Initiated,
Planned, design, executed, monitored and controlled the re-developrnant of the corporate
website.

= Improved performances, reduce customer errors and drive customer satisfaction. Also,
managed SEO strategies for on-site departrnent web page optirnization,

* Ledcross-functional wob marketing team, representing all online-marketing functions,

« Revamped web production processes Including new projact managoment and QA
procedures.

eee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines