JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Experienced Videographer familiar with producing content for weddings, special occasions and music video . Analytical and creative with
good verbal and written communication abilities. Manages multiple stages of projects, from pre- to post-production. Dedicated Photographer
exhibiting true love for craft, art and science of photography process. Seasoned professional at using camera lenses, controls and composition
to capture stunning results. Consistently enhancing creative insight through projects. Driven to fulfill planned concepts or desired results for
projects. Flexible and gifted at tackling obstacles while meeting creative goals. Exceptional skill working with Adobe Master Collection.

SKILLS
e Directing experience e Responsible
¢ Setting up equipment e Attention to Detail
¢ Staging shots e Adobe Creative Suite
* Collaboration e Critical Thinking
e Team building e Image Editing
* Good listening skills © Decision Making
« Written Communication ¢ Photography and Videography

¢ Organization and Time management
EXPERIENCE

10/2021 to Current Digital Media Producer
Public Consulting Group — Lakeview, OR
e Produced highlight videos for both 2021 and 2022 events.
¢ Produced "Promises of the Light: The Skate to End Hate Story".
e Transported and prepared equipment for shoots.
e Helped create and produce "On Stage: The Podcast" the official podcast of The Skate to End Hate.
© Scheduled interviews with guests for "On Stage: The Podcast"
e Remained composed, polished and highly productive, even during moments of extreme stress to achieve optimal
results.
e Brainstormed with production team to generate new ideas.
¢ Controlled lighting, filter factors and camera distances to meet shot targets.
e Communicated approach, characterization and movement for scenes to minimize rehearsals and takes.

12/2020 to Current Music Video Producer
Outfront Media Inc — Dallas, TX

¢ Managed and coordinated all post-production aspects , including video editing, motion graphics design,
compositing and quality assurance reviewing for the music video for "All Things Considered" by Letters From
New York.

¢ Scheduled shoots and set up filming by communicating with talent and crew.

¢ Held production meetings to address progress, relevant concerns and objectives.

© Delivered edits with multiple camera angle choices, titles, graphics, audio and special effects.

e Exported final cuts and upload to content management system and client platforms.

© Utilized Adobe Premier Pro to manipulate, splice and sync video footage.

© Utilized Adobe After Effects to add motion graphics to video.

08/2019 to Current Wedding Videographer
Freelance — City, STATE
¢ Produced original video content by working collaboratively with clients to facilitate multimedia production.
e Used Adobe Premier Pro to edit footage into correct order and add effects such as sound design, color correction
and color grading.
e Handled transportation of equipment.
¢ Configured shots based on daily needs, weather and lighting conditions and available equipment.
e Changed camera attachments based on specific shot requirements and environmental conditions.
e Calculated proper lighting, shutter angles, camera distances and shot factors.
® Operated cameras for film and photography.

07/2019 to 08/2021 Photographer
Freelancer — City, STATE
e Photographed high-quality images for various clients.
e Digitally edited photos to enhance appearance using Adobe Photoshop.
e Planned and prepared for all on-location and studio shoots.
e Edited, toned, captioned and uploaded photographs for publication using Adobe Lightroom.
e Experience in photographing maternity photos, weddings, family photos and landscape photography.
e Set up camera control equipment, stands and tripods for shoots.
e Saved and archived images and maintained master image library for future use.
© Collaborated with clients to plan shoots and boost satisfaction with photos.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2017 Associates Degree: Digital Arts
Genesee Community College - Batavia, NY
¢ President's List Spring of 2014.
¢ Completed professional development in Digital Arts.
¢ Member of Radio Club.

06/2013 Regents Diploma
Churchville-Chili Senior High School - Churchville, NY
e Awarded numerous honor roll certificates.
¢ Member of Video Production Club

06/2013 Certificate: Advertising Design & Multimedia
Boces 2 WEMOCO - Career & Technical Education - Spencerport, NY
© Completed professional development in Advertising Design & Multimedia.
© Received Adobe Certification in Video Production.
© Member of Skills USA.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Won third place in Cinema competition for Skills USA.
¢ Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
¢ Photo featured in the "Mostly Black" GuruShots exhibition at The Fridge Gallery in Washington DC.

CERTIFICATIONS

e Adobe certified in video production - Adobe Premier Pro