Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Art Directing our creative teams to execute client projects Storyboarding & creative development of campaigns Brand style guides
and onboarding Creating presentation pitches for clients and investors

Knowledgeable Graphic Designer proficient in logos, marketing materials and website design. Offers complete business services to
corporate clients, leveraging technical knowledge, creative eye for detail and current trends to deliver top-tier results.

Creative [Job Title] with expertise in marketing collateral development and product design. Creates visually appealing deliverables
to underscore brand initiatives. Supports brand values and successfully oversees projects from concept to completion.
Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal
skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.

Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a
positive and memorable experience.

Committed job seeker with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under
pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand.

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking
entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

Hardworking and reliable [Job Title] with strong ability in [Task]. Offering [Skill] and [Skill]. Highly organized, proactive and
punctual with team-oriented mentality.

Responsible and motivated student ready to apply education in the workplace. Offers excellent technical abilities with software and
applications, ability to handle challenging work, and excellent time management skills.

Ambitious, career-focused job seeker, anxious to obtain an entry-level [Job Title] position to help launch career while achieving
company goals.

Motivated professional offering [Degree] in [Area of study]. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration,
interpersonal and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines.

Skills

e UX/UI ¢ Terrible Netflix shows.

e Animation * Hello

e Email Design e Website Design

¢ Self Evaluation ¢ Client Relations

¢ Branding e Copy Arrangement

e Sick Bar Graphs ¢ Presentation Planning

« Campaign Development e Design Research

¢ Skill Sets ¢ Team Collaboration

¢ Technical Skills e Image Archiving

¢ I majored in Multimedia with an emphasis in Graphic Design © Work Planning and Prioritization
where I e Problem-Solving

¢ Took a variety of courses in content production. Ifocussedon e Layout Design
design e Administrative Management

e And branding, while also taking fun courses like digital ¢ Data Analysis
illustration. ¢ Video Stills Graphics

e Additionally, I took several courses in cinematography, e Strategy Development
photography, e Dependable and Cooperative

e Visual effects and motion graphics. e Selling and Influencing

¢ Bachelor of Arts e Animated Graphics Production

e California Lutheran University | Aug 2011 - May 2015

e Education

¢ I'ma former lifeguard and EMT, who has been working as a
designer

¢ For a little over 7 years. I love to surf, run, backpack, doodle,
and binge

Experience

Senior Digital Designer, 03/2022 to Current
Trinet — Phoenix, AZ
¢ Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
¢ Brainstormed with production team to generate new ideas.
e Used Microsoft Office and AutoCAD to assist with preparation of [Number] client presentations.
e Used [Software] to create images and layouts.
e Created design concepts and sample layouts using knowledge of layout and design principles.
e Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
¢ Reviewed final layouts, making improvements and suggestions as needed.
e Prepared rough sketches of product concepts, discussed with clients and made necessary changes.
e Determined size and layout of copy material and selected styles and size of fonts.
e Oversaw product design, print design and marketing collateral from concept to completion.
¢ Studied photographs and other graphics to plan materials, products, or services.
¢ Conferred with clients to determine requirements and layout designs.
¢ Developed layouts for product graphics, company collateral and web sites.
¢ Drew and printed draft charts, illustrations and other artwork using specialized computer software and plotters.
e Researched graphics software to speed and improve job production.
e Maintained company archive of collateral, previous project images or photos.
¢ Fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication, negotiation and collaboration.
¢ Prepared instructions and guidance for workers assembling final layouts for printing.
¢ Marked up, pasted and compiled final layouts for printer.
e Used digital camera to produce layout prints for clients.
e Produced vector and animated graphics for portions of television broadcasts.
¢ Keyed data and parameters into computer equipment to produce layouts and concept drawings for clients.

¢ Developed standard agency settings for plotter and laser printers to speed production work.

Freelance Graphic Designer, 02/2014 to Current
Nbc Universal — New York, NY
© XXX)-XXX-XXX/dozen-dimes 12dimes.comdozen_dimes_
* Jessica
¢ Claire
¢ Work Experience
¢ Digital Design
e Ad Sets / Display Banners
e Packaging / Print Design
¢ Used [Software] to create images and layouts.
¢ Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
¢ Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
¢ Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
e Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.
¢ Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.
¢ Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.
¢ Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
¢ Designed graphics and writing content layout for [Type] book, consistently exceeding author expectations.
e Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
e Leveraged proficiency in Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator to design email blasts, catalogs, posters and other
promotional materials.
¢ Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
¢ Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
e Directed advertisement, banner and signage projects from concept to final delivery.
e Created personalized portfolio designs according to rigorous client specifications.
¢ Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
e Formatted print and web application designs for projects with varying specifications.
¢ Prepared branding packages for point of sale displays, promotional materials and product packaging.
e Maintained company websites updating with new products and corporate announcements as necessary.

¢ Designed interactive graphics for licensed products on compatible consumer platforms.

Art Director, 03/2020 to 11/2021
Keurig Dr Pepper — Hayden, ID
¢ Intel: OLM ads and outdoor board design for Levi's Stadium
¢ Kovak Marketing: OLM & print collateral for residential market
¢ MarkeTeam: Hospitality print collateral for clients like AMC, Regal,
e Princess Cruises and Disney
¢ Obrigado: Coconut water company, sales sheets for US branch
¢ Ig1 Communications: Animation for UST Global and PA for SILA App commercial that won and ADDY
¢ Kurvana: Cannabis vape company, worked on social, events and assisted in rebrand and packaging
e Caste Creative: In house and contracted designer for CASTE Creative a branding and design agency
¢ Worked on projects ranging from wine bottles to smart home products
e Avenue 8: UX/UI for real estate platform, which helped raise $4M in investments in Series A
¢ Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
¢ Generated prototypes and pitched to art department for development.
e Reviewed and approved designs, artwork and content developed by creative team.
¢ Created series of rough sketches for review, revision and approval.
e Brainstormed with team members and special project managers to provide unique concepts and designs.
¢ Produced sketches, storyboards and roughs to visualize ideas.
¢ Collaborated with creative design team to complete projects on tight deadlines.
¢ Acted as senior lead to creative partners on photography and film shoots.
e Maintained accurate specs by adhering to print and art specification standards.
e Assembled each approved design as model packet to guide development of computerized models.
e Trained new creatives on responsibilities, agency procedures and client guidelines.
¢ Implemented master drawing and painting techniques while revealing history and information on each artist.
¢ Mentored artists on quality standards and improvements.
¢ Conferred with creative art department heads to discuss client requirements and coordinate creative activities.
e Translated marketing objectives into creative strategies, designs and plans.
e Approved art layouts, copy design and illustrative work for publication.
¢ Created custom illustrations or other graphic elements.
¢ Managed own accounts and projects, working within budget and scheduling requirements.
e Developed and communicated industry-leading creative concepts consistent with brand.
e Used Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator to create variety of graphic designs.
e Presented final layouts to clients for approval.
¢ Worked with creative directors to develop design solutions.
e Trained new employees on responsibilities, agency procedures and client guidelines.
e Formulated basic layout design or presentation approach and specified style, animation and graphics details.
e Conferred with clients to determine objectives, budget and background information.
¢ Reviewed illustrative material to determine conformance to standards and specifications.
e Successfully resolved range of complex artistic development issues.
e Prepared detailed storyboards, showing sequence and timing of story development for television production.
e Oversaw branding guidelines for current trademark regulations and photo usage for outside media requests.
e Conceptualized and helped design interfaces for multimedia games, products and devices.
e Hired staff members to develop design concepts into art layouts or to prepare layouts for printing.
¢ Reviewed and approved art materials, copy materials and proofs of printed copy developed by staff members.
¢ Wrote typography instructions to prepare materials for typesetting or printing.

Art Director, 01/2018 to 02/2020
Keurig Dr Pepper — Hollis, OK
¢ OLM Ads, print ads, in despensary media buys
¢ Event collateral, signage and experience
¢ Oversaw web design and UI
¢ Daily imagery and content for articles, I worked with three seperate fashion and apparel clients:
e Lauren James, Wear it to Heart and Dolorem Ipsum
¢ Art Directing content shoots
¢ Storyboarding & creative development of campaigns
¢ Branding strategy and style guides for marketing
e Creating email structures and campaign design
¢ Designing social ads and offsite landing pages
¢ UX/UI working with dev for site optimization
* Overseeing content pipeline, and occasional retouches
¢ Creating client pitches, influencer briefs, other B2B collateral
¢ Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
¢ Generated prototypes and pitched to art department for development.
e Reviewed and approved designs, artwork and content developed by creative team.
¢ Created series of rough sketches for review, revision and approval.
¢ Brainstormed with team members and special project managers to provide unique concepts and designs.
¢ Produced sketches, storyboards and roughs to visualize ideas.
¢ Collaborated with creative design team to complete projects on tight deadlines.
e Acted as senior lead to creative partners on photography and film shoots.
¢ Maintained accurate specs by adhering to print and art specification standards.
e Assembled each approved design as model packet to guide development of computerized models.
¢ Trained new creatives on responsibilities, agency procedures and client guidelines.
¢ Implemented master drawing and painting techniques while revealing history and information on each artist.
¢ Mentored artists on quality standards and improvements.
¢ Conferred with creative art department heads to discuss client requirements and coordinate creative activities.
¢ Translated marketing objectives into creative strategies, designs and plans.
e Approved art layouts, copy design and illustrative work for publication.
¢ Created custom illustrations or other graphic elements.
¢ Managed own accounts and projects, working within budget and scheduling requirements.
¢ Developed and communicated industry-leading creative concepts consistent with brand.
* Used Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator to create variety of graphic designs.
¢ Presented final layouts to clients for approval.
¢ Worked with creative directors to develop design solutions.
¢ Trained new employees on responsibilities, agency procedures and client guidelines.
¢ Formulated basic layout design or presentation approach and specified style, animation and graphics details.
¢ Conferred with clients to determine objectives, budget and background information.
¢ Reviewed illustrative material to determine conformance to standards and specifications.
¢ Successfully resolved range of complex artistic development issues.
¢ Prepared detailed storyboards, showing sequence and timing of story development for television production.
¢ Oversaw branding guidelines for current trademark regulations and photo usage for outside media requests.
¢ Conceptualized and helped design interfaces for multimedia games, products and devices.
¢ Hired staff members to develop design concepts into art layouts or to prepare layouts for printing.
¢ Reviewed and approved art materials, copy materials and proofs of printed copy developed by staff members.
e Wrote typography instructions to prepare materials for typesetting or printing.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts: Multimedia, 06/2015
California Lutheran University - Thousand Oaks, CA