Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Digital Media Manager/Consultant BEES er soso ra

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Aninnovative digital specialist who thrives in a busy work environment with deadlines and
pressure. Proven track record of improving the quality of content and brand awareness for local
media outlets.

SKILLS

Web site content management, Social media, Editing, Writing, Reporting, Digital strategy, E-mail
marketing.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Manager/Consultant
State Of New Mexico, Children Youth And Farnilles Department - 2004- 2019

Promoted to bring numbers up for this underperforming branch, within 4 months increased
revenue by 6%,

Manage 4 sales managers to gainin digital revenue net; 11% YOY growth and 27% YOY new
digital growth,

Directing 30 premise sales reps and 10 new business reps to develop forward thinking, data
driven analysis and recornmendations that align clients goals while creating high-impact
opportunities to pitch to cllents.

Develop plans for digital knowledge, customer acquisitions and structure for market canvass.
Manage over $13 Min digital advertising between SEM, Display, Mobile, Video and YP.corn,
Monitor and report on effectiveness of clients campaigns while developing and
communicating plans with analyst

Design and provide advance sales training to 35+ reps and initial sales training to new hires.

Digital Media Manager
ABC Corporation - 2001 - 2004

Being promoted to Digital Media Manager entailed numerous duties which included driving
Digital Media/Internet numbers in the many different products offered as well as Print
numbers, and to reduce and eliminate churn while seeking to drive positive net growth,
The position requires assisting Sales Representatives in presenting, and closing prospects on
current accounts as well as new business prospects,

Daily one on one training as well as group training on new products and software,
Responsible for collaborating with all other Management to. drive the desired behavior in
Representatives as well as meeting targeted projections,

National Winner of the 2014 Google Race to Mountain View Trip featuring 80 companies in
North America and South Arnerica, with one winner frorn each cornparny.

This was a National Recognition for YP..

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
BA in Communication / Digital Media Studies - 2008(University of Denver - Derver, CO)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines