ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Producer

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Responsible for Managing talent outreach. tracking. status and payment on a per-project
basis, Ensuring each project obtains necessary insurance and rights/clearances for
performers, locations, music, stock footage, and other production elements.

Planning Skills, Production Skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Seek ta ate a or
Digital Media Producer
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

* Performed all tasks in post-production, including creation of motion graphics,
digital effeets, music selection, color correction and grading, and editing,

* Assisted in the coordination, integration, Installation, and maintenance of all
studio production and post-production equipment

» Assisted key stakeholders In evaluating the effectiveness of completed assets,

® Ensured timely and accurate dissemination of communications to various
stakeholders.

* Conducted regular assessments to identify enhancement opportunities for
videography, video-editing, and audio development tools,

® Managed muluple projects with competing deadlines,

* Provided portrait and candid still photography as needed.

Digital Media Producer
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

* Developed strategic shooting and production guidelines for promotional video
material to Increase festival visibility and meet budget parameters.

® Supervised and directed a high-performing production team to ensure the
festivals vision and brand were accurately represented,

* Ensured that the release of digital material was met in a timely fashion by the
efficient and effective management of personnel and resources,

*® Record and edit conferences, events, classroom sessions, and lectures for various
departments at NSU.

« Help create media content for various departments for promotional use of the
schoo! to bring awareness or potential sponsorship,

* Produce music videos, promotional videos, and company profiles for clients
Projects completed for Kia Vans Warped Tour, KSU Peave Project, Kids &amp; .

* Basehall. WNBAs Keisha Brown Bankshot camp. and Iumition. Inc.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines