Digital Media Manager Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Helped shape the digital identity of the City's most-beloved cultural destinations for nearly a
decade. Mastered the arts of client support, corporate branding, content marketing, disruptive
design and business strategy through a handful of entrepreneurial ventures and countless
freelance projects.

Skills

Project Management, Marketing, Web Design, Digital Marketing, Email Marketing, Writing, Content
Managernent, Adobe Creative Suite, Graphic Design, Advertising,

Work Experience

Digital Media Manager
ABC Corporation - August 2006 - May 2012

* Establishing an efficient and highly-effective digital team within the organization while
working to accomplish Institutional goals in digital marketing, multimedia, and e-commerce.

* Ledthe organization through major technology milestones including 2 website overhauls, 2
rebranding shifts, online gift card implementation, print-at-home/mobile ticketing and custom
subscription-based shopping cart.

* Provided web content and online ticketing support and services to many key cornpanies
Including Paul Taylor, Alvin Ailey, MTC and Lincoln Center Festival.

» Implemented proprietary and 3rc-party tools to better measure advertising carnpaigns, social
sharing, and conversion tracking.

» Analyzed and reported website traffic analytics with data-backed recornmendations for SEO
and content marketing initiatives,

Researched, budgeted, implemented and managed online queue solutions (Queue-IT) to
ultimately solve an ongoing issue with annual high-traffic on-sale of 30,000+ tickets
simultaneously,

* Worked closely and proactively with virtually all departments within the organization on
various digital projects,

Digital Media Manager
ABC Corporation - 2001 - 2006

* Responsible for driving sales and results with Digital and Social Media supporting the Santa Fe
New Mexicans online presence,

» Social media sawy with the understanding of each social media platform and how to ideate
strategies from each of thern for our clients,

* Strong writing skills to craft engaging and witty branding along with social messaging that is
easily consumed by the public or potential consumers.

* In depth experience with Social listening and expertised with analytic tools.

* Detailoriented while working at a fast pace to meet all guidelines,

» Can easily transition a proposal to encompass print, web, pay per click, organic impression
and any and all social media carnpalans.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines