Megi Pramesti

Date of birth: 01/01/1995 Nationality: Indonesia Address: Alamanda, Depok 99999, Indonesia
Phone number: 999999999 _ Email address: hello@kickresume.com
Web: https://www.linkedin.com/company/kickresume-com

Profile

Designated as the local contact for all media relations. Spearheaded multimedia marketing campaigns. Designing,
creating and managing content across multiple communication platforms. Developed presentation, communication
and mentoring skills.

Work experience

Marketing
ANZ Bank Indonesia
Fj 05/2013 - 10/2013 9) JAKARTA, INDONESIA
e Build an efficient and effective team.
¢ Negotiations with events sponsors.
e Participate with the team in making offers for sponsors.
¢ Networking and communication with other parties.
e Upgrading the brand image of the company.
¢ Pricing strategy development, from formulating hypotheses, testing their impact and final results analyses to
adjustments implementation.
e Affecting company culture via presentations and consultation to become more data-driven.
e Managing e-commerce personalization project.

Digital Marketing
Kaymedia
Fj 95/2016 —- 05/2017 9) LAMPUNG, INDONESIA

e Developed multi-platform advertising campaign for retail client.

e Executed digital strategy for account, while also outperforming competition in all engagement metrics.

e Collaborate with marketing staff in the development and production of visual content.

¢ Coordinate live-streaming events’ social media interaction and broadcast. Assist with creating post-production
content for further use across media channels.

¢ Create content for email marketing campaigns.

e Identify social media opportunities and develop an actionable plan for execution.

e Recommend and develop strategies for growing and leveraging our social media follower base using promotions,
contests, polls, ads, surveys and referral programs.

Education

Informatics Engineering
University of Indraprasta PGRI
F=3 06/2014 - present Q JAKARTA, INDONESIA

e Analyzing and developing database by gathered data from all of branches.
e Organizing information by studying, analyzing, interpreting and classifying data.
¢ Worked on automating of vulnerability assessment framework for network device configurations.

Skills

@ PROGRAMMING
Linux shell scripting Python Swift