201

ROBERT SMITH

Digital Media Producer
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

A trustworthy, tech-savvy, 10-year content production professional and digital
publishing pioneer with a positive perspective a predilection for people, a
proclivity for persistence, and a penchant for progressively leading purposeful
innovation. Has a career marked by the development of live webcasts, dynamic
delivery tools and customer experiences, the creation of powerful and profitable
lif changing content, and long-term synergistic relationships.

0 - 2020

DIGITAL MEDIA PRODUCER - ABC CORPORATION

Accountable for tracked and managed each photo shoot budget and over all
digital photo program.

Negotiated budgets and schedulesto ensure projects are finished to plan.
Always produced with YETI brand voice in mind&ndash; take the time to leam
the brand volce- authenticity always intact.

Interpreted project needs by hdping to determine media objectives, content,
and visualization style.

Oversaw all aspects of pre-production, including scriptwriting, budgeting, and
scheduling.

Performed audio production and editing as needed.

Provided technical support for virtual events, teleconferences, webinars, and
other streaming platforms

7 - 2010

_— MEDIA PRODUCER - DELTA CORPORATION

Project managed and produced OnTV Previews and OnTV Promos for all
Discovery Networks from Discovery Channel to Discovery Kids Project managed
and .

Visual Media Producer Produced a wide range of visual media some Included
video editing, and web design.

The job also consisted of a wide range of tech support and application training.
During that time | maintained several Wordpress sites, as well; but left company
due to lack of work.

Shoot, edit and produce practice, games, press conferences, interviews hype
videos, special events, community events and partnered content Create.
Created, launched, maintain 5+ company websites with up to date technology
in a clean, User-friendly interface,

Created Gamp; implemented online marketing media; email campaigns Flash
banners and ads to drive sales and create branding Worked closely with .

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines