ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Manager/Supervisor

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Conscientious and organized individual! with exceptional time management ability.
Personable team player with superior communication and interpersonal skills.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Marketing, Social Media. Graphics..

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Digital Medin Manager/Supervisor
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - November 2015

Key Deliverables:

Serve on both ad operation and clierit relation teams al start up ori mobile
advertising agency In Flatiron District.

Headlining integration of Instagram for businesses, mobile advertising campaigns:
Pull and analyze biweekly reports from Facebook Business Manager and use pivot
tables to recor! and break oul KPle among relevant demographics,

Update new dashboard system Lo keep topline numbers current for easy access
for clients,

Add and maintain advertisements through Facebook Power Editor and Excel.
Research new business and development opportunities through CrunchBase,
Mashable, TechCrunch and AppCrawtr,

Serve as paint of contact and accourit representative for new clients; drawing and
delivering 10, launch details and weekly results.

Digital Media
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2015

Key Deliverables:

Developed and managed bi-monthly digital contests and promotions across +500
plus Cumulus owned radio station websites, providing audiences and advertisers
with one-of-a-kind experiences with their favorite artists and award shows.
Created a social media tool kit and managed brand reputation and tone and
product presence across social sites to engage consumers and drive customer
loyalty.

Oversaw social media across all Cumulus stations increasing engagement ort
average a total of 200,000 Impressions per social post.

Designed, implemented and managed social media nvarketing strategies and
campaigrs for award shows including, The Grammys. CMAs, American Music
Awards and Bet Awards.

Increased contest awareness by 18% for music labels, award shows and
management companies by developing and managing online markeung

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines