Skills

Hard Skills Soft Skills
e Strategic Marketing Management e Growth Expansion Strategies
e International & Local Relations e Continuous Process Improvement
e Content Creatives & Brand Planning e Creative Problem Solving
Dale Johnson ¢ Digital Media Improvement ¢ Teamwork & Collaboration
. e Global Marketing Engagement e Resource Optimization
Fi in ¥
F) 614-393-7911 Mdale.johnson17@gmail.com Languages Certifications Awards
Highly creative and solutions-focused digital marketing director with 10+ years of success understanding
market dynamics, including strategy development, media relations, and digital communications across e English (Fluent) ¢ Digital Marketing Analytics ¢ The Stevie Awards, 2017
international corporations globally. Strategic thinking professional adept at formulating marketing strategies * Mandarin (Intermediate) Certification * MarCom Awards, 2015
to develop opportunities, solve media challenges, and achieve digital marketing objectives, generating . F h (Basic) « PublleReladens ti '
multimillion-dollar revenue. A recognized leader who pioneers large-scale digital marketing transformation for pSTIEH Aaa “ ue =e One MENA ESTnSy
local, regional, and national engagements. Currently seeking senior-level opportunities in the marketing space. Certification
Work Experiences
Global Head of Marketing, AT&T, Jul 2016 - Aug 2020 Personal Projects

e Directed all aspects of global marketing strategy, emerging technology with digital
communications to transform media output with a future-proof mentality. Successfully
boosted the global presence of the company by 115%.

¢ Pioneered global digital communications function by determining the global operating SkillShare Marketing
model and structure to introduce a high-level business strategy for effective global Digital 2010
Marketing activity. Achieved $4M revenue in less than 12 months.

e Spearheaded the global re-platforming exercise, which migrated 35 dot com sites to one
global architecture while ensuring compliance with the global digital center of excellence. More Details

e Improved an operating paradigm for digital engagement focused on global agency
structure while serving as a lead for a core team of 6 and 15 dotted line reports across the
globe.

Bank of America Marketing

2012

More Details

Marketing Manager, Verizon Wireless, April 2013 - Jun 2016

« Trandisemad theca nunavieendlalmadia foe oubile celaciens be courdinadiew all Grea af verizon’ Directed the developing advancement of the media’s digital Established rapport while managing regional clients across the
- . pany . P y o . center of excellence, leading the campaign conceptualization to Atlanta region, USA. Administered P&L valuing $3M+ of business
digital operations between global clients and the department of culture and tourism. execution to augment digital engagement activities. Leveraged while introducing a contemporary go-to-market position for the
e Built a core team of 8, accomplishing P&L responsibilities, tourism business, international expertise in paid social, CRM, SEM, and display to stimulate event —_ regional digital offering. Led the development of the whole digital
relations, and innovative global campaigns to spread brand awareness significantly. attendance to physical and digital events across the regions. team of 14 consultants, as well as the advanced progression of
e Implemented an effective business proposition and pitched further responsibilities to secure Accom plished all set up encompassing re-orga nization, agency an under-performing team of 15.
, appointment management, and standard compliance within 15+
the revenue of $2M+ for the businesses of various partners globally. eountiies

e Produced synergistic solutions in managing social media crisis readiness and issues
management, which improved the overall business, securing a multimillion-dollar global
tourism account.

Marketing Strategist, Toyota USA, Feb 2010 - Feb 2013

e Served as an outstanding trusted advisor, overseeing the end-to-end social media functions

Favorite Quotes

, oo, a oo, TOYOTA £¢ Good content isn’t about good storytelling. It’s about telling ¢€ Lessis more. Keeping it simple takes time and effort.
for PR and marketing communications, which improved the company's nationwide presence a roe sipeywell
ea — Ann Handley

e Developed the professional progression of a core team of 5 while fulfilling the social media
functions of 45+ countries across Europe. Led the expansion and deployment of guides,
standards, and processes.

e Managed and coached cross-functional teams, equipping professionals with adequate digital
engagement and social media tools and techniques, as well as overall brand awareness.
Enabled the company to achieve an additional $500K revenue per month.

e Augmented the regional operating model of Toyota USA across 32 countries while training a
team of 6 at the HQ level to stimulate high performance and productivity.