Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

ii . H Website : www, qwikresume, com
Digital Marketing SP ecialist / LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Campaigns Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Independent, resourceful digital marketer with 2 years experience producing quality copy,
creating content strategies, and managing accounts across a-variety of marketing channels and
industries,

SKILLS

Copywriting, Digital Marketing Strategies, Email Marketing, Content Strategy, Account
Management

WORK EXPERIENCE

Digital Marketing Specialist / Campaigns
Genoo - April 2016 - April 2017

Create weekly blog articles with focus on marketing automation.

Write email nurture sequences responsible for capturing 250 new leads within 6 months.
Craft optimized landing pages which raised engagement kpis by 6% against prior year,
Create targeted marketing Campaigns via email and social media platforms that align with

perfect potential customers,

Manage clientsbrands [revenue of over 3, 2mm] through email, social, and website.

Analyze metrics that helped reduce marketing Cost by 13% over prior year.

Magento, wordpress, google analytics, carntasia, ms office, marketing autornation [ constant
contact].

Digital Marketing
Alive And Social - August 2015 - December 2015

.

Increased podcastslistenership 37% by writing personalized social media posts for 30+
odcasts.

captured 15k monthly by creating case studies for industry-leading advertisers (coors light,

cadillac, and blue moon),

Psychological analyst—ability to read both client and consumer wants, needs, and concems,

and understand what problems / solutions need to be addressed,

Co-led strategic meetings with top-level management to formulate strategies on complex

start-up business road blocks,

Presented website trafic figures and statistics at monthly client meetings.

Designed stage specific customer groupings based on client needs and marketing goals,

Analyzed and presented digital marketing campaign results for multiple accounts and

industries,

EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Advertising/PR - 2009 to 2011/(Ellis College Of NYIT - Chicago, IL)
Bachelor of Arts in Technical Cormmunications - 2006 to 2008(Metropolitan State University -
Saint Paul, MN )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines