ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Assistant

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Motivated sales professional with extensive experience in marketing. customer service,
and public relations, Demonstrates the ability to build rapport, understand customer
needs, handle objections, and close sales. Looking to apply transferrable skills to a
position in Pharmaceutical Sales offering opportunities for career growth,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Relationship Management, Written Communication, Verbal
Communication, Sales. Digital Marketing, Digital Media, Graphie Design, Marketing
Strategy, Project Management, Marketing Communications.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Assistant
ABC Corporation - June 2014 - August 2015

Key Deliverables:

* Responsible for coordinating with in-house and Sri party teams to copy edit and
upload video content to multiple brand websites,

* Managed several YouTube channel (Better Homes and Gariens, Parents, Eating
Well, Shape, etc.).

* Created content pages and images to correspond with videos,

* Responsible for updating promotional feeds and collecting video analytics and
revenue statistics.

* Assisted hospitality-hased streaming raclio Company sort music.

* Sorted datubase of mp3 files.

* Cataloged songs based on genre. tempo, appropriateness.

Digital Media Assistant
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

* Responsible for coorlinating with in-house and 3rd party teams to copy edit ard
upload video content to multiple brand websites,

* Manage several YouTube channels (Better Homes and Gardens, Parents, Bating

fell, Shape etc,).

» Create content pages and images to correspond with videos.

* Responsible for updating promotional feeds and collecting video analytics and
teveriie slatistics,

» Assisted hospitality-based streaming radio company sort mutsix,

* Sorted database of mp3 files:

« Cataloged songs based on genre, tempo, appropriateness,

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© Ths Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt af Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines