JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Talented and versatile with a career foundation built on years of experience in the Entertainment Industry. Most recently, achieved a Masters
of Art in Digital Media & Design with a concentration in Digital Media Business Strategies. Excellent written, verbal, and visual presenter
skilled at persuasively presenting ideas and concepts. Now seeking a career that combines visual storytelling with expertise in all aspects of
digital media and content creation.

SKILLS
¢ Leadership e Twitter Advertising Accounts
e Project development * Social Media Marketing campaign management
¢ Working collaboratively e Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
« Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) ¢ Competitive and Trend Analysis
e Final Cut Pro & Motion e Campaign tracking
¢ Final Draft e WordPress
e Facebook Business Manager, Ad Accounts, & Pages * Google Workspace
« Instagram Business Account Management e MS Office
EXPERIENCE

08/2020 to 07/2021 Graduate Assistant, Digital Media & Design
Mortenson — Coralville, LA

e Enhanced UConn Social Media Analytics Command Center (Fall 2020 & Spring 2021) classes by developing new
visual aids, supplementary notes and online materials.

© Produced all aspects of the live YouTube Broadcasts covering social media data & analytics of Election 2020,
Super Bowl 2021, and Academy Awards 2021. These videos represented the collective work of faculty and
students in the Digital Media & Design Department at UConn.

e Tracked and researched trends in the digital media landscape for effective social media marketing. Provided
leadership to undergraduate students on the best practices for measuring the performance of digital content through
audience engagement metrics and teaching them tactics and strategies to build an audience via organic and paid
marketing campaigns.

e Mastered social media listening platforms Talkwalker and Shareablee.

¢ Created and updated Digital Media & Design department websites using WordPress.

e Pre-recorded videos and live streamed classes online to provide modem, first-class education to Digital Media &
Design students.

01/2020 to 07/2021 Graduate Assistant, School of Nursing
Babylon Health — Austin, TX

e Produced, directed, and edited Video Commencement 2020 (May & December) and 2021 (May) for the graduating
Ph.D., MS, and B.S. nursing classes. These projects reflected collaboration with the Dean, department heads,
support staff, and students.

e Created and implemented marketing campaigns and websites for seven UConn School of Nursing research studies.
Effectively managed, monitored, analyzed, and refined social media marketing to reach target audiences using
Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram advertising platforms.

09/2018 to 05/2019 Digital Marketing Specialist, CHIP
Columbia University — New York, NY
e Designed and implemented digital marketing campaigns for three National Institute of Health funded grants with a
focus on recruiting participants into research studies.
e Streamlined recruitment processes and enhanced communication through implementation of CRM System and
marketing efforts with social media.
e Spearheaded social media initiatives and created digital content for Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
¢ Created and updated study websites.

01/2013 to 09/2018 Screenwriter
Lmi Aerospace — Wichita, KS

e Self-starting creative writer with extensive experience in the television and movie industries.

e Signed with an elite talent agency, UNITED TALENT AGENCY, for exclusive representation writing for film and
television.

e Created and wrote original television series ideas and screenplays.

e Extensive experience marketing a comprehensive vision of a tv series narrative to an audience of producers, studio
executives, and network executives.

© Projects Sold: Aloha Time - (half-hour comedy), to EntertainmentOne Studio (October 2016). I Am Lydia Green -
(one hour drama), to Imagine Television at 20th Century Fox Studios (July 2015).

06/2010 to 11/2012 Development Executive
Nomadic Film — City, STATE

¢ Leader for production company belonging to Emmy Award-winning director and executive producer, Jack Bender.

e Supervised and worked closely with writers, directors, managers and technical crews throughout production
process.

¢ Oversaw and participated in every aspect of film and television development on productions in Los Angeles, CA,
New York, NY, Honolulu, HI. and Toronto, Canada.

e Key liaison with cast, crew, department heads, studio executives, network executives.

e Film & TV Projects: Weekends at Bellevue — New York, NY - FBC/NBC Universal Productions - (January 20]2—
May 2012). Alphas — Toronto, Canada - SyFy/NBC Universal Productions - (May 201] — September 2011). Jack
Jessica — Los Angeles, CA - Paramount Pictures/Lorenzo DiBonaventura Productions - (June 2010-November
2011).

e Participated in ongoing creative meetings with producers and studio executives regarding re-boot of popular film
and book franchise.

¢ Collaborated with casting director to generate potential actor lists for executives.

¢ Created visual presentations shown to CEOs of Paramount and Viacom.

e Liaised with Pre-Visualization Artists to prepare “shot-by-shot™ key action sequences for the film.

07/2009 to 05/2010 Executive Assistant
Nomadic Film — City, STATE
e Provided full administrative and on-set support to executive producer/director for the final season of complex,
long-running television series.
¢ Managed production calendars, served as liaison to cast, crew, and department heads.
e Communicated heavily with tv editors and writers’ room in Los Angeles.
e TV Project: Lost — Honolulu, HI - ABC, ABC Studios - (July 2009-—May 2010).

05/2007 to 06/2009 Development Assistant
ABC Studios — City, STATE

¢ Provided extensive administrative support for two ABC-affiliated television executive producers at Brancato/Salke
Productions.

e Scheduled all general meetings with screenwriters and coordinated subsequent ‘pitch meetings’ at studio and
network, which required complex coordination between schedules of agents, writers, and network executives.

e Liaised with writers of current projects in development to facilitate smooth delivery of script outlines, screenplays,
and revisions to all relevant studio and network individuals.

01/2007 to 04/2007 Production Assistant
ABC Studios — City, STATE
¢ Promoted to position on ABC Studios pilot production of Football Wives.
e Responsible for distributing nightly production call sheet to entire cast and crew.
e Assembled and maintained extensive crew contact information list for all production employees.
e Managed heavy daily call volume and directed calls.

05/2006 to 12/2006 Drama Development Intern
ABC Studios — City, STATE
e Gained first-hand knowledge of studio and network operations from script to production.
e Attended all project development meetings, recorded and distributed meeting notes.
e Organized and maintained accurate, up-to-date script files for all shows in production and development.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2021 Master of Arts: Digital Media & Design
The University of Connecticut - Storrs, CT
e Awarded two Graduate Assistant fellowships at the School of Fine Arts and School of Nursing.

05/2005 Bachelor of Arts: Political Science
The George Washington University - Washington, DC
Wessttes, PortTFo.ios, PROFILES

* www.nohoverboarding.com/portfolio
© https://www._linkedin.com/in‘nohoverboarding/

CERTIFICATIONS

e Talkwalker Mountain Climber Program (2021)
¢ Hootsuite Platform Certification (2021)

¢ Hootsuite Social Marketing Certification (2021)
e Twitter Flight School (2021)