JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated consumer relations professional eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Uses independent decision-making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success. Motivated to learn,

grow and excel.

SKILLS
e Accurate and detailed e Ability to work in detail oriented manner
e Flexible e Employee Coaching and Motivation
* Maintains confidentiality © Quick learner
¢ Independent worker e 75-80 WPM typing speed
© Works well under pressure ¢ MS Windows proficient
Work HIsToRY

Senior Digital Media Management/Leadership Member, 10/2017 - Current
St. Bernards Healthcare — Horsham, PA
e Oversees and manages social media accounts for brands under PepsiCo umbrella.
e Extensive ECOMM and D2C knowledge.
¢ Establishes team priorities, maintains schedules and monitors performance.
¢ Directs training and retraining of employees to boost performance and enhance business results.
e Evaluates employee performance on weekly basis and conveys constructive feedback to improve skills.
e May recommend changes in program and routines to improve efficiency within team environment.
e Participates in periodic team meetings, activities and projects.

e May assist in writing and maintaining of manuals and/or work instructions.

Data Entry Operator, Editor, 07/2016 - 08/2017
Reed Technology And Information Services, Inc — Horsham, PA
e Transcribed data from source documents according to established procedures and rules
® Verified data entered with source documents, checks for compliance with composition codes and style rules and corrects all typographical
errors and missing or repeated data.
¢ Maintained Quantity/Quality metrics.

Pharmacy Technician/Data Entry Specialist, 10/2015 - 01/2016
Patient Direct Rx
¢ Properly filled and dispensed and average of 400 prescriptions per day.
e Assisted other pharmacy staff with drug inventory, purchasing, and recetving.
¢ Regularly stocked shelves, rotated stock, and checked for expired medications.
© Pre-packed bulk medicines, filled bottles with prescribed medications and affixed correct labels.
e Received and accurately processed written prescriptions from doctor’s offices for patients.
e Checked prescriptions for appropriated dosage, drug interactions, allergies and contra-indications before dispensing medications.

e Effectively prioritized tasks and organized workflow to increase efficiency.

Pharmacy Technician, 02/2012 - 10/2015
Kass Management
e Effectively resolved insurance rejections and other billing issues.
e Managed drug and supply inventories.
¢ Compounded and repackaged medications, including unit-doses, topical medications and sterile products.
e Completed new and updated patient profiles, including lists of patient medications.
¢ Correctly completed pharmacy paperwork, including daily and weekly reports.

¢ Completed accurate cycle counts, inventory management and will-calls for customers.

EDUCATION
CPhT: Pharmacy Technology, 2013
Kaplan University - Philadelphia, PA

Associate of Science: Pre-Pharmacology, 2011

Manor College - Jenkintown, PA

Associate of Science: Veterinary Technology, 2002
Manor College - Jenkintown, PA