JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

EXPERIENCE

Energetic Digital Marketing professional passionate about developing and implementing initiatives to optimize digital marketing
campaigns across all channels. Strong grasp of current marketing tools and strategies with excellent track record of leading
integrated campaigns from concept through execution. Enthusiastic collaborator accustomed to building rapport with

marketing teams, programmers and vendors to launch campaigns within time and budget constraints.

SKILLS
e Brand Development & Strategy e Unique Content Creation
« Campaign Development & Management e Search Engine Optimization
e Market Analysis e Keyword Optimization
e Social Media Development & Management e Research Methods
e Strategic Planning e Google Analytics
e Content Scheduling e Adobe Creative Suite
e Copywriting Expertise e¢ Email Marketing Campaigns
e Editing and Review ¢ Collaboration
e Email Marketing Campaigns e Adaptability
e Brand Messaging e Team Contribution
e Promotional Marketing and Advertising ¢ Critical Thinking
e Paid Acquisition ¢ Creative Writing
e Ad Development e Innovation
e Customer Engagement e Multi-tasking

WORK HISTORY

Digital Marketing & Media Manager, 05/2020 - Current
Hireminds Lie — Boston, MA
e Identified growth opportunities and developed initiatives to increase customer retention and satisfaction.
e Managed marketing campaigns to cultivate brand awareness and drive media traffic.
e Masterminded highly successful digital strategies for various platforms to attract customer engagement.
e Identified appropriate marketing channels and target customers for campaigns.
¢ Developed campaigns and specific marketing strategies for target customer.
e Wrote engaging and successful marketing, advertising and website copy.
e Tracked key metrics and developed spreadsheets and data models.
e Informed supervisors and company leaders on markets and regional sales needs to best meet customer needs and
maximize revenue.
e Managed full-cycle marketing and adveniising strategies including estimating costs, managing resource allocation and
adjusting production schedules.

e Created customized marketing materials to increase brand awareness.

Freelance Digital Marketer & Copywriter, 03/2020 - Current
Freelance — City, STATE
¢ Managed marketing campaigns to cultivate brand awareness and drive website traffic.
e Masterminded highly successful digital strategies for various platforms to attract preferred customer engagement.
e Prepare detailed campaign reports and digital marketing strategies, communicating key findings to client.
e Identified appropriate marketing channels and target customers for individual campaigns.
e Wrote engaging and successful marketing, advertising and copy for social media accounts and website.
e Studied demographic data to determine optimal targets, competitor offerings and tactics for persuasion.
e Tracked key metrics and developed spreadsheets and data models.
e Created customized marketing materials to increase brand awareness.
e Collected specified data using various research methods to broaden results and optimize marketing strategies.

e Attracted new clients by creating and implementing innovative marketing strategies.

Digital Marketing & Content Manager, 06/2019 - 02/2020
Energy CX — City, STATE

e Identified growth opportunities and developed initiatives to increase market share.

e Managed marketing campaigns to cultivate brand awareness and drive website traffic.

e Monitored and optimized advertising campaigns using Google, Facebook and various media platforms.

e¢ Collaborated with internal departments to build digital experiences and achieve marketing goals.

e Masterminded highly successful digital strategies for various platforms to attract customer engagement.

e Drove email acquisition and marketing campaigns to support key business initiatives across account management, new
business development and customer experience.

e Prepare detailed campaign reports and digital marketing strategies, communicating key findings to senior management.

e Identified appropriate marketing channels and target customers for campaigns.

e Developed campaigns and specific marketing strategies for clients.

e Maximized advertising efforts by developing content for media relations, copporate communications and social media
posts.

e Wrote engaging and successful marketing, advertising and website copy.

e Studied demographic data to determine optimal targets, competitor offerings and tactics for persuasion.

e Tracked key metrics and developed spreadsheets and data models.

e Forecasted marketing trends based on previous data to adjust campaigns and maximize sales.

e Informed supervisors and company leaders on markets and regional sales needs to best meet customer needs and
maximize revenue.

e Created documentation outlining research findings for use by project managers, customers and other marketing staff to
make accurate decisions about future plans.

e Managed ful-cycle marketing and advertising strategies including estimating costs, managing resource allocation and
adjusting production schedules.

e Created customized marketing materials to increase product awareness.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, 05/2019

University of Missouri - Columbia, Missouri