JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Social Media Manager excelling at leveraging the power of social media networks to boost brand loyalty and visibility. Skilled marketing
professional focused on driving business through web & social channels. Versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept
development to execution and launch within the agency environment.

Key SKILLS

Marketing strategies & campaigns e Trade show strategy
Google analytics ® Special events planning
Digital Production e Account Management
Multi-Media Marketing © Social Media PM

MS Office * Social SRM
EXPERIENCE

10/2010 to 04/2013 Digital Producer/Social Media Manager
Plante Moran — Cleveland, OH

© Social Media Manager for 26 unique conference, exhibition and trade show events. Daily and on-site event social
media account management and coordination. Developed over 20 social media marketing strategies and campaigns.

¢ Copywriting, proofing, creative brief, daily posting/tweets, social media monitoring.

e Directed strategic initiatives to achieve best practices for the Internet Presence Management department. Compiled
comprehensive lists describing product and service offerings.

e Prepared monthly social media analysis and reporting to the client, WordPress blog updates and customization.

¢ Social applications/tools used on the job: WordPress, Clients & Profits, Microsoft Office, Template Online Website
Builder, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pixlr, LinkedIn, Flickr, Pinterest, Instagram, Email Marketing - Constant
Contact, Adobe Software, Digital Magazine software, Social SRM, Shoutlet, Google Analytics, Animoto, Gimp,
Bitly, Paper.li, Slideshare and Infographics.

05/2008 to Current Marketing Consultant
Nichols And Associates — Huntsville, AL
Marketing consultant working with small business clients in the City of Tulsa. Clients included: Emerge Interactive
Media, T- Town Trolley, Face It Beautiful Salon, Next Level Executive Coaching, Owasso High School. Collaborated
with marketing and communications teams on standardization, design and production of marketing materials. Analyzed
performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.

01/2007 to 02/2008 Account Executive
Xposure Business Magazine — City, STATE
e Advertising Sales and Public Relations- Account management and business development. Brand awareness in the
marketplace through networking and cold calls.
¢ Developed marketing strategies and materials, press releases, planning, weekly PR reports, implementation of
internal and external PR campaigns, and management of social networks.

10/2004 to 11/2006 Spa Marketing Director
Owasso Medical Spa — City, STATE
e Spa/Sales Representative, responsible for all marketing aspects of the spa, such as direct mail, outside marketing,
print advertising, seminars to the public, special events and trade shows.
e Established service standards, coordinated doctor's schedule, consulted and set up patients with financial treatment
plans, performed front desk operations. Built spa awareness to Tulsa and the surrounding area. Increased revenue
by 50% in the first year of operation by increasing patient load.

EDUCATION

Liberal Arts
Northeastern State University - Talequah, Oklahoma

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Increased client website page views by 30% in just 6 months by cross promotion and development of social channels with Facebook
being the #3 referring site.

e Successfully grew new business for the IPM Team by consistently providing great client service and leading by example.
¢ Conducted social media training for AcrobatAnt clients

e Increased client's exposure to target audience by developing and introducing strategic social media marketing plans incorporating
Facebook Advertising, Facebook Sweepstakes and Like Campaigns, Twitter giveaways, YouTube Contests, LinkedIn Group Activity and
Digital Paper.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

e American Marketing Association
¢ Social Media Club
¢ Professional Online Network - http://www. linkedin in/ginaClaire

VOLUNTEER

e Grace Hospice Foundation - Ms Senior Oklahoma Pageant Volunteer

e Brea Community Theater Program - Fundraising, Event Planning

¢ Downtown Tulsa Marketing Committee - volunteer

¢ NYE 2008 Brookside Ball Drop - Planning committee, PR and Social Media, Sponsorships

¢ The Lemonade Journey Sponsored by KRMG

e Brea PTA President - Orange County California

¢ Tulsa Young Professionals - Collaboration with Tulsa Young Professionals and City Officials to Promote the T-Town Trolley in Tulsa
¢ Tulsa Chamber of Commerce - Volunteer Hospitality Committee