JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Passionate and highly empathetic Customer Service Manager and Content strategist skilled in research, writing and editing a broad range of content.
Excellent communication and relationship-building skills with the ability to perform under pressure and exercise good judgment within tight
deadlines. Focused on enhancing customer service with careful attention to detail and strong follow-through.

SKILLS
e Issue and Conflict resolution e Creating and Enforcing Procedures and Policies
e Scheduling and Coordinating e Effective Customer Communication
e Team Member Coaching and Motivation e Administering Social Media Accounts and Forums
¢ Data Entry and Maintenance * Content development

e Client Needs Assessment

Work History

07/2017 to Current Digital Content Creator
Ashton Woods — Austin, TX

e Curated content for social media platforms, including Patreon, Twitter, Discord and Twitch about streaming, content
creation, mindfulness and personal development.

© Utilized well-developed social listening and analysis skills to craft valuable original content.

© Studied demographic data, platforms and the community to manage issues and create solutions for the community.

© Developed innovative solutions grounded in clear understanding of community needs.

e Created multiple branded segments and online events that were well known including #AnimeMonday, #MindfulMonday
and #Show Your Work with supporting content and community planned discussions.

2018 to XXX1 Founder, Content Curator and Producer
American Homes 4 Rent — Meridian, ID

© Led startup and opening of business and provided business development, creation of operational procedures and
workflow planning.

© Devised organizational vision, mission and foundational structure to facilitate early growth.

© Created the structure for the production of content, including the Podcast, Website and Social Media Accounts.

¢ Managed engagement on Twitter - planning and leading conversations as well as fostering community support in the
online space.

e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of all statutory requirements and regulations within the industry of streaming and
community building and disseminated how it affected black women specifically in the industry.

e Promoted company public profile by writing articles and presenting at industry conferences as public face of
organization.

e Edited all content for the website to maintain style and tone.

® Created consultancy for content creators to assist them with the assessment of their content and the execution of their
vision.

2017 to XXX0 Community Manager
BlackGirlGamers — City, STATE

e Strengthened company business by leading implementation of new projects and procedures and established clear and
effective policies for standardization across different areas of operations.

© Used communication, negotiation and problem-solving skills to settle Community disputes and built community
fellowship opportunties.

© Created procedures to process incoming membership, support member growth and share gaming and streaming
knowledge.

e Drove community growth and increased morale by planning and moderating special events.

© Moderated Twitch Streams for main channel and served as a stand in moderator for all BGG affiliated Twitch Streamers
as needed.

e Created and Managed the First BGG Stream team.

e Represented BGG at Industry Events and in Online Spaces as a Community Leader and Spokesperson.

e Shared mission of organization with public through successful community outreach and marketing strategies.

© Served as Editor and Curator for the Website which was a news/culture/resource space.

2006 to 2014 Customer Service Manager, Content Production, RTV
Paragon Sports — City, STATE

© Worked my way up from Customer Service Representative, to Content Management and then to CS Manager and RTV
Manager to learn the business and be more effective in my roles.

e Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to maintain positive and
successful work environment.

e Maintained knowledge of company products, services and policy to promptly resolve complaints and concerns including
Manager Escalated Calls and In-Store Sales Floor CS issues.

e Use problem solving and pattern recognition to anticipate issues and create fixes for the department.

® Oversaw and assessed customer service staff activities to provide personnel with regular performance-related feedback.

¢ Content Production: Organized Vendor related information and images for items and added them to our website database.

© Coordinated with Photographer to create shoots and managed styling of items for products information not given to us by
vendors.

¢ Return To Vendor: RTV of items that were defective or covered by Vendor Warranty outside of our policy. Served as third
party communication between our Customer and the Manufacturer to ensure that they got a replacement, refund or a full
assessment of the issue.

e Maintained Record of Overstock, Defective Items, Destroyed Items for the Retail Store.

e Delivered continuous cross training to associates to maximize performance and customer relations skills and facilitate
understanding of how all customer focused solutions worked across departments.

EDUCATION

01/2004 High School Diploma
Richmond Hill High School - Richmond Hill, NY