PROFESSIONAL
PROFILE

QUALIFICATIONS

RELEVANT
EXPERIENCE

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Results-oriented Digital Strategist with experience creating strategic alliances between internal and external
stakeholders to effectively align with, and support key digital business initiatives. Visionary and strategic
thinker with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and planning.

e« User-centered design « Social media marketing

« Project management e Website measurement and analysis
« Paid search e Strong communication skills

« Search engine optimization e Critical thinking

e Leadership: Served as key contributing member to Senior Leadership team.

¢ Design & Strategy: Implemented digital strategy by managing the design, development, and content
curation for a digital library branch to expand the services offered to patrons.

e User Experience & Content Quality: Rolled out website governance guiding the management of
digital assets.

e Research & Insights: Created website and mobile app analytics dashboard to measure traffic and
usage, and assess areas for improvement.

e Online Marketing: Managed ad spend of over $200k to consistently increase click through rates and
online sales.

« Project Management: Managed project goals, timeline, tasks, and budget to launch 3 website
redesigns, 1 new website, and a mobile iOS application in a span of 18 months.

DIGITAL STRATEGY MANAGER 2015 to CURRENT
Accenture | Murray, UT

e Accountable for the Library system's digital strategy and digital assets including overseeing the
management of 7 websites and an iOS mobile application.

e Managed team of 2 of web professionals and multiple interdepartmental teams of Librarians,
administrators, and Executive Leadership.

e Worked collaboratively with vendors to keep projects on task, on time, and under budget.

e Spearheaded cross-functional project to achieve a 12% decrease in website bounce rate and an 18%
increase in engaged website visits.

e Strengthened organization brand by leading a project to develop a custom iOS mobile application
integrating with internal systems and a responsive website.

e Directed the strategic initiative to launch the new summer program website including management of
design creatives. user experience, testing and content curation.

e Served as mentor to junior team members.

WIC3 SERVICES MANAGER 10/2011 to 11/2014
Argo Ai | Austin, TX

e Managed team of 4 Webmasters and 44 content contributors across the organization.

e Defined strategy and key performance indicators for public facing and internal websites.

e Directed strategic initiatives to achieve and enforce website standards and governance model.

e Identified strategic digital goals and measured performance against targets.

e Built financial model for new business unit, including the management of a $450k yearly budget.

e Served on the City/County Web Governance Board, Public Information Senior Leadership team, and
Extended Information Services and Technology Senior Leadership team.

WL-3 METRICS ANALYST 01/2008 to 09/2011
Ecr Software Corporation | Boone, NC

e Developed metrics used to determine inefficiencies and areas for improvement across 65 business
units within the Global Small and Medium Business division.

e Tracked, analyzed and interpreted trends in website usage and engagement data.

e Conducted analysis of business unit website and social media traffic data, to make design and
marketing recommendations based on findings.

e Drafted monthly lead and revenue reports and forecasts.

e Conducted root cause analysis and presented findings and recommendations to executives and other
stakeholders.

e Collaborated with cross-functional teams to implement a migration from the Surfaid Analytics tool to the
Unica Netinsight Analytics platform.

WC_3SITE ADMINISTRATOR 06/2006 to 01/2008
N-Able Inc. | Charlotte, NC

e Updated and managed existing website properties.

e Translated abstract requirements into concrete user workflows and interactive designs.

e Drove the alignment of business requirements, user-centered design methodology and technology
factors to create successful UX designs.

¢ Solicited feedback and validation from business and technical team stakeholders.

e Conducted in-person and online user trainings to assist employees and external committee members
with managing community content.

e Designed and delivered mission critical change request tool using Microsoft SharePoint to ensure the
highest levels of availability and performance.

INTERNET MARKETING MANAGER 11/2005 to 06/2006
MarketSmart Interactive | City, STATE

e Developed website content, meta descriptions and page titles in support of SEO strategies.

e Directed comprehensive PPC campaigns for external clients in order to increase brand awareness and
boost rates of organic and paid click-through.

e Planned and managed ad spend budgets in excess of $200k.

e Analyzed performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.

e Completed strategic competitive analysis by assessing strengths and weaknesses of competitors.

e Created usability reports outlining the pitfalls that contribute to decreased leads and conversions.

e Designed wireframes identifying recommendations for website improvement.

e Conducted root cause analysis on isolated issues and presented findings to clients and other
stakeholders.

Master of Science | Technology Management 2010
University of Maryland, University College, Adelphi, MD
Coursework in E-Commerce

Bachelor of Arts | Information Systems and Management 2004
Wayne State University, Detroit, MI
Coursework in Website Management

« Website Design & Development: HTML5, CSS3_. PHP. Drupal, WordPress, InvisionApp, Adobe
PhotoShop, Adobe Fireworks, Microsoft SharePoint

« Online Marketing: Google Adwords, Yahoo AdCenter, Facebook Ads, Twitter Ads

« Website Measurement & Analysis: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Mouseflow, Unica
Netinsights, Coremetrics