JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Links

* www _greatexplorersgo.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Proven skills in increasing customer engagement and business visibility in online searches through successful SEO approaches. Experienced
in developing marketing initiatives, increasing business success and boost sales. Excellent analytical, organizational and decision-making
abilities.

Market-savvy lead generation specialist dedicated to driving customer satisfaction and product visibility through highly-targeted online and
offline marketing strategies. Experienced in public relations, relationship building and management.

SKILLS
¢ Data analysis e SEO practices
e Ad development * Quantitative and qualitative market research
« Hubspot expertise ¢ Digital marketing
¢ Strategic planning e Efficient under pressure
« Keyword optimization * Strong time management
* Budgeting * Google Adwords
e Analytical thinking * Blogging
e Revenue generation strategies e Organized
« Business development e SEMRush & Moz competency
¢ Creative and innovative e Google Analytics competency
e E-mail and direct mail marketing campaigns e Adobe Photoshop
Work History

04/2018 to Current Digital Marketing Specialist
Moz — City, STATE

¢ Managed project deadlines and monitored milestones through completion stage.

e Increased website traffic by an average of 55% using cutting-edge inbound marketing techniques.

© Maximized strategic approaches by keeping aclose eye on performance and making appropriate adjustments.

e Maintained continuous check on Click-Through Rate, Conversion Rate, and Goal Completion metrics, optimizing
and enhancing campaigns based on current trend data.

e Devised email strategies, including segmenting strategies, welcome email autoresponders and training drip
campaigns.

* Worked within budget parameters to develop and implement marketing strategies by analyzing key data and
consumer demographics. increasing net revenue by $12+ Million over the last year.

e Analyzed third-party data and investigated new growth opportunities.

e Directed successful search engine marketing campaign that used solid linking. technical and keyword research
tactics.

e Directed successful SEO and link-building campaign to increase website’s credibility and drive traffic.

© Collaborated with designers and editorial team on marketing materials.

e Entered and assigned new leads using CRM tools.

e Reviewed and edited blog posts to guarantee high content quality.

¢ Developed and implemented campaigns for email, online advertising, search engines.and direct mail.

¢ Contributed ideas to concept development, strategic planning and business operations.

¢ Boosted conversion rates by 9% through innovative customer relationship building and landing page optimization.

¢ Communicated marketing teams' plans and accomplishments to verify alignment with senior management
objectives.

e Oversaw department-wide transition into the use of Hubspot to consolidate and modernize sales/marketing team
work output.

e Produced and submitted weekly reports outlining progress against KPI objectives.

© Coordinated and participated in promotional activities and trade shows.

e Preserved brand integrity by monitoring consistency and quality of marketing content.

e Initiated market research studies and analyzed findings.

e Built, implemented and updated effective SEO strategies.

e Performed in-depth competitor reviews to check competitor activities with ad placement, keyword use, placement
bids and landing pages.

e Compared agency and vendor marketing expenses against established budgets.

10/2017 to 03/2018 Outreach Marketing Specialist
Reviews.com — City, STATE

e Increased brand awareness and boosted public perception of organization through proactive outreach and network
development with key stakeholders.

¢ Created and executed campaign strategies across multiple channels including email and social.

e Built over 118 high authority backlinks to Reviews.com in 3 months.

e Built and optimized email A’B testing campaigns through testing audience demographics, list segmentation, and
email copy, effectively increasing overall conversion rates by an average of 10% month over month.

e Participated in and organized weekly team collaboration sessions

¢ Planned and executed weekly campaign and content strategy, overseeing projects from start to finish

e Effectively planned, tracked, and optimized multiple campaigns a week

01/2016 to 01/2017 Google Online Marketing Challenge
Clickagee Media — City, State

© Developed and executed digital marketing campaigns using Google AdWords

e Researched and identified high-value keyword opportunities

e Planned and implemented bidding strategies to maximize ROI, and determine the most effective use of clients Ad
budget

e Tracked and optimized account health, providing monthly reports on progress and results

¢ Performed continuous A/B testing to Ad copy, increasing overall click-through rates by 75%, and decreasing
landing page bounce rate by 50%

EpucaTIon

Bachelor of Arts: Business Administration
University of Washington - Seattle, WA
¢ Concentration in Marketing & Entrepreneurship

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Inbound Marketing Certificate

e User Experience Design Certificate from General Assembly
e Hubspot Marketing Software Certificate

¢ Hubspot Email Marketing Certificate