SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Self-motivated Digital Media professional offering 4 years of experience in the entertainment industry.
Passionate about combining strategy and creativity, driving new opportunities and building professional
relationships.

Proficient in all Adobe Creative Cloud programs
(Photoshop, Lightroom, Premiere, Dreamweaver,

Conflict resolution
Project management

etc.), all Microsoft Office programs, Davinci Administrative support
Resolve, Final Cut Pro, Google Drive. Technical support

« Problem solving Strategic planning

« Verbal and written communication Recordkeeping

Production understanding
Multi-unit operations management

Inventory management
Customer service

e Financial and cash flow analyses Data entry

e Performance reporting Team building

e Process improvement strategies Scheduling

e Workforce training Staff supervision

« Contract review and recommendations Cash management

e« Cost reduction and containment Budgeting

« Staff retention Content production

¢ Quality assurance controls Google Analytics

e Website and Social Media management Keyword research

e Excellent workflow management Blogging

e Proficient in Final Cut Pro e¢ Content strategy

« Microsoft Suite proficient e Industry trend understanding
¢ Traditional and digital printing e Client relationship management
« Digital video

e Image archiving
« Time management

DIGITAL MEDIA COORDINATOR

Univision Communications Inc. | Raleigh, NC

12/2019 to CURRENT

e Directed social media coverage on multiple platforms.

e Ensured digitized content modifications met various device standards to facilitate end-user access.
e Renamed and attached related video files to complete and store records.

e Edited and revised content that | created in order to drive traffic to client sites.

e Directed content creation for millions of people to view.

DICECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
Weiu | Chicago, IL

08/2079 to CURRENT

e Managed contracts, negotiated fees and monitored spending to remain within budget.

e Reviewed and assessed footage to check for quality assurance.

e Recruited and assigned photographers to specific projects, monitoring all tasks and duties.

e Researched and implemented new technology, such as filters, visual effects, and lenses.

e Executed time management skills to obtain required shots plus more in allotted shoot-time.

e Led projects by providing guidance and direction from conception to execution.

e Administered editing capabilities in terms of pacing, music sensibility and graphics.

e Creatively shot projects using interesting angles.

e Collaborated with camera and lighting teams to implement creative vision and produce professional
work.

e Hired, trained, and coached on daily activities and techniques.

e Collaborated with clients and directors in design, development and implementation of new photography
programs and improvement of existing programs.

e Remained abreast of emerging trends in photography, learning relevant techniques and media types.

CAMERA OPERATOR
New York Racing Association | Saratoga Springs, NY

08/2019 to 12/2020

e Conferred with directors, sound and lighting technicians and other crew members to determine shots
and discuss assignments.

e Provided on-site and on-location filming services, including setting up lighting and audio and resolving
technical issues.

e Managed team of 20 members and instructed team and crews in the field to create the best looking
projects for clients

e Maintained organized and detailed schedules for production.

e Configured shots based on daily needs, weather and lighting conditions and available equipment.

e Collaborated with specialists, producers and designers to produce original video content

e Digitized tapes and edited videos using Adobe Premiere and After Effects -

e Composed and framed each shot and applied technical aspects of light, lenses, film, filters and camera
settings.

e Used Vimeo and Davinci Resolve to encode videos and create video dubs for distribution.

PRODUCTION ASSISTANT
Lafarge | Midlothian, TX

e Pitched in to help crews with building sets and identified problems that could have resulted in possible
Safety issues.

e Created script and shot sheets and ensured all content was tightly edited.

* Handled all digitizing and logging of video footage.

e Resolved complaints and eliminated delays by collaborating with vendors and updating strategies.

e Organized resources and digital assets for filming use.

e Remained alert, active and ready to respond to any request at any time using variety of available
resources.

e Escorted actors and actresses to and from trailers and provided bottled water and any other requested
items.

09/2079 to 12/2019

Bachelor of Arts | Public Relations 12/2019
Rider University , Lawrenceville, NJ
AsCociate of Applied Science | Business Administration And Management 12/2016

Dutchess Community College, Poughkeepsie, NY

e Member, Tau Kappa Epsilon
Digital Media Chair (2016 - 2019)
e St. Jude's Children's Hospital
Host (2016-2019)
Hosted an event that raised approximately $6,000 yearly.