Robert Smith

Digital Media Producer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Digital Media Producer with 4 years of experience in Partnering with
designers, art directors, and strategists to understand goals, scope, and
creative direction as new concepts are being developed, Contributing to the
creative process by assessing the feasibility of proposed solutions and
recommending approaches.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Digital Media Producer

ABC Corporation -

2010 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Instructed college-level studio classes in assigned area(s) to talented
and highly motivated high school art students.

Developed a students capacity for expression through a correlation
between the visual arts and an awareness of the student&rsquo;s
broader environment:

Built of more personalized direction is supported by cross-disciplinary
Interaction between studios and departments on campus,

Taught all high school levels and abilities.

Managed day-to-day logistics for media production of digital content,
photo shoots, long-form video projects and broadcast cornmercial
productions.

Refineed production documentation (including estirnates, schedules,
talent releases, etc.) that allgns with business needs and SRP best-
practices.

Simultaneously managed multiple photo and video production projects,
with quick turnaround,

Digital Media Producer
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Created Instructional videos on use of companys products, identifying
key ways to make thern more engaging and inforrnative.

Generated scripts for videos, keeping them professional, but
personable,

Headlined casting process for talent in videos, and worked with other
departments In fulfilling the desired criteria on videos theyve
commissioned,

Produce and sell MulttGenre instrumentals online.

Produced breaking news on mult-platform devices and social media
channels Orchestrated digital projects including budget, UX design
research, team .

Conceptualize high concept manuals, products, and procedures into
easy to understand customer support videos,

Website Design and maintenance Product Photography Graphic Design
www. candcne.com.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Recommending Skills,
Managing Skills,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)