JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

I am seeking a challenging position as an Associate Solutions Architect with Amazon Web Services, that will further enhance my knowledge
while using my prior professional experience to carry out my duties. I will ensure that all proper company procedures are fulfilled
simultaneously with customers’ needs. I am ambitious, dedicated, enthusiastic and always willing to learn!

SKILLS
Programs & SaaS applications ® QuickBooks
¢ Joomla! Content Management System (CMS) Other Skills
e HTML & CSS (basic knowledge) © Verbal and Written Communication (Typing Speed 70 wpm)
e Constant Contact & AcyMailing e Product Promotion
* Zoho Desk & Zendesk e Time Management
* Microsoft Teams & Slack ¢ Relationship Building
e Ecwid E-Commerce Software e Strategic Marketing
e Intercom e Social Media Management & Marketing
¢ Microsoft Office e Digital Marketing

e CampaignPilot, Facebook Ads Manager, Facebook Creator Studio, * Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Instagram, Google Business Profile, Meta Business Suite

EXPERIENCE

Digital Marketing Manager, 06/2022 - Current
Dish Network Corporation — Roseland, NJ
e Promoted within the company from the previous Website Customer Support Specialist role.
¢ Develop online marketing strategies for around 15-20 Golf Course & Resort businesses.
¢ Work with 50+ contacts of golf course accounts including Owners, Golf Professionals and Marketing Directors to develop marketing plans,
provide technical support and reach business goals.
e Write, create and schedule daily social media content to increase brand exposure, reputation and engagement with customers.
* Develop and deliver creative digital content including weekly email newsletters, flyers, pamphlets and unique campaigns using Canva to
promote club events and drive revenue to the courses.
e Create, manage and schedule paid campaigns using Facebook Ads Manager with budgets over $1,000/month.
e Analyze open rate statistics for email campaigns, track performance of ads and give recommendations to customers on how to improve
traffic, click and conversion rates.
* Utilize Instagram, Facebook, CampaignPilot, Google and AcyMailing to promote products, services and content.
* Pitch ideas to customers of successful promotions and events in their line of business to help keep them informed on how they can increase

revenue in a variety of ways.

Website Customer Support Specialist, 02/2021 - 06/2022
Wencor — Temecula, CA
e Support and service website clients working primarily in a SaaS B2B setting, with the content management systems Joomla and
WordPress.
e Maintain the highest level of front-line customer service to our current customer base to keep the customer retention and satisfaction rate
high.
* Conduct live software trainings and produce tutorials for customers to get them up and running on Joomla and other SaaS applications.
e Install various plugins to each customer’s system based on their current needs and recommend additional products and services for their
future business goals.
e Maintain customer websites using front-end technologies such as HTML and CSS.
¢ Troubleshoot email issues by requesting removal from domain blocklists to help ensure the highest rate of successful email deliveries.
e Work primarily with Zoho Desk and Zendesk web-based ticketing systems to handle escalated requests and provide solutions for
customers.
e Embed social media widgets onto the websites to establish cohesiveness between all media channels.
e Perform accounts recetvable duties including accepting credit card payments, investigating invoice disputes and always keeping sensitive

customer and business information confidential.

Customer Service Specialist, 05/2016 - 09/2016
Nbc Universal — Dallas, TX
e Provided assistance in the implementation and training of software solutions to physician’s offices across the nation.
e Generated leads and worked independently to create a pipeline of business.
¢ Researched industry trends and changes in government regulations for the purpose of developing persuasive arguments.
e Participated in marketing events in Central Florida to promote the product and educate the consumer.
© Worked collectively with the software developers for technical support and troubleshooting.

Account Executive. 04/2015 - 05/2016
A.D. Solutions-SHARP Electronics — City, STATE
e Researched and qualified new opportunities for office products and software solution services in Central Florida through various cold-
calling techniques.
e Prepared and delivered sales presentations on capital equipment to top level executives ranging from IT Managers to CEO’s.
© Provided ongoing training demonstrations to current and prospective clients on application and use of the equipment.
e Liaison between the Service and Installation Department, IT Department and Finance Department to ensure rapid response time and client
satisfaction.
¢ Obtained clients from various vertical markets including Medical, Legal, Commercial, Industrial and Non-Profit.
e Managed contracts and equipment leasing to help transition the client over from their previous vendor.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: Broadcast Communications, 12/2013
University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Sandler Sales Training- President’s Club (May 2015- May 2016)

CONNECT

© https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-~Claire-265b23234/