Digital Media Specialist III Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
Video Production and Communications professional with extensive experience directing and

managing creative corporate communications and video tearns and projects. implernent creative
communications products.

Skills

Adobe Master Collection, Graphic Design, Learning Management Systems,

Work Experience

Digital Media Specialist Ill
ABC Corporation - February 1999 - July 2015

.

Experience spans alrnost with this institution, as becarne a senior rember in the Acadernic
Technology Departrnent.

Primary designer for websites and graphical elernents for the creation of newsletters,
brochures, posters, and mailers.

Produce nurnerous printed materials such as large format posters, training manuals, and
flyers.

Manage repository of digital assets, file rmanagernent, and comprehensive rnetatags.
Experienced studio and location photo/video and editor,

Production and deployrnent of various Images and videos for web and live viewing.

Team member inthe research, installation, and operation of autornated video capture and
distribution process,

Digital Media Specialist
ABC Corporation - 1996 - 1999

Developed and lead 4 comprehensive project management application to help Marketing
team manage and monitor intake process; project includes o Development of back-end
database and user-friendly interface o Design of reporting metrics © Training of tearn,

Built and continue to develop content and functionality management of organizations
website,

Maintain content management systern (CMS) updates and component updates to protect
known exploits inthe software from being utilized by hackers, while also ensuring access to
the most recent software features and efficiency,

Implementation of intrusion detection, logging and reporting on servers utilized for digital
marketing strategies to detect, document and provide data that can be used to block hack
attempts and develop cohesive strategies that will prevent future hacks.

Develop and present regular reporting metrics for web traffic and social media engagement to
ensure these are in alignment with organizations strategic goals,

Project manager for social media engagement, which includes developing policies and
procedures, training tearn members, leading regular tearn brainstoarming sessions and
managing crisis communications.

Collaborate with teams across organization to manage hospital-wide Intranet.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines