JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Innovative Director and Producer bringing comprehensive background in media and the film industry. Builds high-performing teams with an
eye for creating innovative and entertaining pieces with commercial appeal.

SKILLS
e Adobe Premiere Pro © Digital video production process
« Adobe Photoshop © Videography
« Adobe After Effects e Audio recording
e Adobe Audition e Exporting video files
¢ Final Cut Pro
Work History

10/2014 to Current Digital Media Editor
Te Connectivity Ltd — New York City, NY
e Edit event audio and video with a quick tum around for digital consumption.
e Plan, produce and edit educational videos for external and internal purposes.
« View event presentations, isolate important excerpts, and write copy to introduce the video clip.
e Curate a media archive
¢ Developing new media products

Current to Current Director of Operations
Iheartmedia, Inc. — Dallas, TX
¢ Worked closely with and developed relationships with members.
e Drove membership enrollment.
¢ Developed and implemented new payment and billing systems.
e Created and managed employee assignments and scheduling.
¢ Worked closely with independent contractors.
¢ Created and updated various systems used by staff and members.
© Developed and maintained social media presence and managed advertising campaigns.

2012 to Current Partner/ Creative Director
Ampersand Productions
© Create and pitch ideas to prospective clients.
e Work closely with clients to develop concepts.
e Stay within tight budgetary restrictions.
¢ Scout suitable filming locations.
e Hire cast and crew.
© Develop efficient shooting schedules.
© Utilize professional camera, audio, and editing equipment.
e Build and maintain social media presence and develop web content for company website.

2012 to 2013 Producer
Alis Volat Propriis & Coffee
¢ Worked with writers to fine tune screenplays while bypassing technical and/or financial limitations.
© Developed strong bond with client resulting in a productive, and ongoing professional relationship.
¢ Worked closely with director to develop and adhere to a strict shooting schedule.

EpucaTIon

2009 Bachelor of Science: Film & Media Arts
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA