SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated, organized, and motivated professional with experience using positive and negative reinforcement
strategies to improve behaviors. Knowledgeable at implementing behavior treatment plans and intervention
techniques. Also focused on multi-modal market research to identify potential clients and market trends and
forecast market directions. Relationship-builder with excellent communication and organizational abilities.

e« Verbal and Written Communication « Positive and Negative Reinforcements
« Problem Solving e Treatment Planning
« Crisis Management e Crisis Intervention
e Attention to Detail e HIPAA Requirements
« Critical Thinking e Encouragement and Motivation
e« Adaptability and Flexibility « Clinical Documentation
e« Behavior Observation e Market Research, Forecasting and Analysis
« Employee Training e« Data Collection and Analysis
e« Problem-Solving e Generating Brand Awareness
¢ Microsoft Office e Decision Making
« Case Management e Content Development
e« Report Writing e Digital Content Platforms
« Behavior Management e Audience Engagement
e ABA Techniques e Social Media Marketing
DIGITAL/SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING ASSISTANT 03/2022 to CURRENT

Civitas Health Services | Virginia Beach, VA

e Prepare or edit organizational publications for internal and external audiences.

e Create and publish news and promotional content to increase fan engagement and channel growth.

e Generate ideas and innovate social media marketing strategies for different brands and platforms.

e Leverage tools to track social trends, identify influencers and devise successful outreach strategies.

e Set up and optimize company pages within each platform to increase visibility of company's social
content.

e Analyze market data to determine ways to reach target audience or intended segments.

e Prepare and presented reports to update stakeholders about success of each strategy.

e Work closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

e Engage positively with online community to glean insights and capitalize on learning opportunities.

SEJIOR REGISTERED BEHAVIOR TECHNICIAN/BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT INTERN 02/2021 to CURRENT
Cemex Usa | Saint Cloud, FL

Senior RBT Duties -
e Work one on one with children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder in a home based setting,
utilizing the model of Applied Behavior Analysis
e Prepare materials, implement discrete-trial teaching procedures and prompt/prompt fading procedures
that support each child's growth toward their individual goals
e Collect and analyze data, chart findings, and monitor progress and efficiency of individualized treatment
plans
e Demonstrate leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
Business Development Intern Duties -
e Set up potential client contacts, cultivated relationships and followed through on service needs.
e Contacted prospective clients through outbound telephone calls and emails.
e Researched possible business leads and communicated to supervisor.
e Followed up with prospects through telephone calls and emails.
e Tracked project updates and completion with shared spreadsheet.

REGISTERED BEHAVIOR TECHNICIAN 11/2017 to 01/2021
AchieveAbility Therapy | City, STATE

e Worked one on one with children. teens, and adults diagnosed with special needs in a clinical setting,
utilizing the model of Applied Behavior Analysis

e Prepared materials, implemented discrete-trial teaching procedures and prompt/prompt fading
procedures that support each person's growth toward their individual goals

e Assisted with building life and social skills useful for everyday activities and interactions.

e Planned and implemented individualized interventions as part of behavior treatment plans.

e Developed activity plans and instructional materials to assist with treatment.

¢ Cultivated relationships with fellow staff members to enhance team collaboration.

e Collected and analyzed data, charted findings, and monitored progress and efficiency of individualized
treatment plans.

e Attended review, progress and clinical team meetings.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our services.

ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 03/2008 to 08/2011
Cabell County Sheriff's Dept. | City, STATE

e Created Weekly Inmate Schedules

e Answered Incoming Office Calls

e Filing Legal Documents

e Performed daily Behavioral Intervention Database backup

e Prepared pending Home Incarceration Candidate files

e Preformed Criminal Background Investigations

e Prepared correspondence to Circuit Court Judges and/or Magistrates regarding eligibility status of
inmates

e Scheduled home investigations with pending clients to check eligibility requirements

¢ Notified officers in the field of any alerts regarding inmates

Bachelor of Science | Health Sciences 05/2007
Marshall University, Huntington, WV

Re jistered Behavior Technician Certification
Behavior University

©  «  RBT Council Member - Elemy

e Autism Speaks. Tampa Bay - Volunteer, Team Leader

©  Elemy - Promoted from RBT to Senior RBT, in less than 12-months

e Herd Nerds Media, LLC - Saw over 400% growth in company's social media followers since March 2022
e Herd Nerds Media, LLC - increase of engagement across company's social media platforms
e Herd Nerds Media, LLC - Negotiated with sponsors, saving company approximately $1,000 annually.

« BACB - Registered Behavior Technician (RBT)
« Willbarger Brushing Protocol and Joint Compressions - Shelly Perry, OTR/L
« Basic Life Support/CPR - American Red Cross