ROBERT SMITH

Digital Media Producer
info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Car-do and confident attitude in doing what it takes to get the job done. At ease
communicating with eclectic personalities and across all professional levds.
Satisfaction working within collaborative team or independent environments. Ability
to switch priorities and handle multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines,
Innovative and technically savvy believer of ideas, solutions and collaboration.
Committed towards continuous personal development as well as knowledge sharing
with others.

Digital Media Producer
Freelance - JULY 2013 - 2021

* Communicated with diverse personalities as the developer of a
responsive website via hard coding HTML5, C553 and JQuery and
designing several CMS based sites.

* Collaborated with various personnd asit pertains to developing
messages a5 well as obtaining permissions rdeases access and
arrangement of schedules.

+ Assisted fellow producers and photographers including camera
operation, handling audio and mics (shotgun, lav, boom, handheld,
wireless), operating video switcher, prepping set and lighting;
oversed ng talent continulty and quality control, and providing
editorial service via Final Cut Pro and Premiere.

* Developed copy and graphics reflective of client mission as well as
obtaining and manipulating, editing and converting / cleaning existing
assets.

* Executed supplementary marketing support through Interactive pdf
development, mass email campaigns press releases, targeted
audience outreach and designing supporting print marketing media
such @ business cards and letterhead.

* Responsiblefor assisting the CSNBayArea.com production team ina
fast-paced newsroom environment.

* Developed and produced 3-4 stories a day and 1-2 photo galleries a
day.

Digital Media Producer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2013

* Filmed &amp: edited exhibit, web, planetarium and documentary
material around Alaska and aboard research vessels.

* Set up lighting, audio, camera before interviewing sources.

* Narrated, edited, shot video for Expedition Alaska Dinosaurs film -
Narrated Samp; edited podcast, coordinated film translation into SLI
Yupik G&amp; Inupiag,.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines