SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Claire St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept
at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Highly organized, detail oriented and thrive on communication and
cross functional collaboration.

SKILLS

¢ Verbal and Written Communication © Strategic development

e Service Promotion

¢ Google analytics

« Team Recruiting and Hiring e Asset optimization

e Communication

e Audience engagement

¢ Social media marketing © Active listening

« Organization

e Customer relations

¢ Leadership e Marketing Program Management
« Cross functional team collaboration ¢ Relationship Building
« Content development ¢ Complex Problem Solving

* Critical thinking
¢ Problem solving
« Brand messaging
¢ Customer service

EXPERIENCE

06/2022 to Current

10/2020 to Current

e Time Management
¢ Detail-Oriented

© Project Management
¢ Content Production

Digital Media Coordinator
Alcatraz Cruises — Hartford, CT

¢ Scheduled social media content for multiple platforms using the social apps. Also, using a scheduling platform
known as Falcon’ Brandwatch.

¢ Developed marketing strategies based on corporate objectives and market trends.

e Worked closely with customers to determine appropriate marketing offerings and strategies for business needs.

e Collaborated with other departments to coordinate strategic marketing activities.

¢ Planned and facilitated meetings to share marketing plans and explain future business goals.

e Collected and analyzed market research data for use in forecasting.

¢ Talent for short form, long form and ad content.

* Concept, shoot and participate in video production shoots.

e Attend/ manage photo and video production shoots to remain on track.

e Attend/ annotate/ contribute to planning meetings and work to build a strategy.

¢ Manage social engagement across all major platforms.

e Build and manage content strategy and posting cadence.

e Work with the marketing team to roll out large campaigns.

¢ Directed social media coverage on multiple platforms.

e Supervised creation of marketing materials and collateral.

e Coordinated marketing events for showcasing product and service offerings.

e Delivered marketing strategy updates to upper-level management.

e Gathered analytics and used them to better the strategy.

© Used Google Analytics to improve organic revenue and additional analytics.

e Conducted research to determine ideal markets for products and services.

¢ Conducted a competitor analytics and used it to better our platforms.

¢ Completed trend report research,

Project Manager
Limbach Holdings, Inc. — Wilmington, MA

¢ Built and established strong partnerships with teams, vendors and contractors.

e Created project plans with established timelines, assigned to appropriate teams and managed workflow throughout
construction.

¢ Led meetings with internal team members, consultants and contractors.

e Forecasted, scheduled and monitored project timelines, personnel performance and cost efficiency.

¢ Developed solutions to project risks and issues, meeting quality and timeline goals and objectives.

e Identified needs and coordinated resource allocation to deliver quality standards on time and within budget.

¢ Created team objectives and roles with specific goals outlined for each individual.

e Drove continuous improvement of project delivery process by providing strong leadership.

© Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep
project up-to-date.

e Reviewed project risks and devised proactive strategies to avoid potential roadblocks.

© Modified project plans when needed to better align with organizational objectives.

¢ Focused on project monitoring and management by developing forecasts and tracking expenses.

® Managed a team of 20+ using both Asana and Teamwork.

e Worked cross departmentally with the marketing team, production team, and sales team to execute initiatives.

¢ Determined project staffing needs and led resource management.

e Participated’ annotated planning meetings.

04/2019 to 10/2020 Store Manager

Sears Hometown & Outlet — China Grove, NC

e Trained and mentored associates to teach daily tasks and procedures.

e Balanced sales, reconciled cash and made bank deposits to facilitate opening and closing duties.

e Managed inventory tracking and physical inventory counts to minimize loss.

¢ Monitored employee performance and identified performance gaps for corrective action.

¢ Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.

e Prepared weekly schedules to verify proper floor coverage within fiscal guidelines.

© Delivered excellent customer service and adhered to standard practices to maximize sales and minimize shrinkage.

¢ Conducted interviews to grow the team.

¢ Created training documents to better the workflow and process.

e Strengthened work flow productivity by hiring, managing and developing top talent.

¢ Managed HR and disciplinary conversations that could lead to write ups and terminations.

« Evaluated store performance and incorporated feedback to implement improvement plans.

e Identified operational issues and implemented appropriate process improvements to promote workplace safety and
productivity.

e Reviewed customer feedback to make operational improvements and promote satisfaction.

e Exceeded team goals and resolved issues by sharing and implementing customer service initiatives.

e Oversaw storewide merchandising benchmarks to maintain operational excellence.

e Built relationships with key customers and stakeholders to grow business networks and locate new opportunities.

¢ Hosted key meetings and team building activities to create a healthy culture.

e Managed day to day operations.

e Managed social media posting and worked with other leaders to create marketing campaigns.

05/2014 to 08/2019 Sales Lead and Training Ambassador

Pier 1 Imports Inc — City, STATE

e Supported onboarding of new employees by hosting orientation sessions.

¢ Mentored and onboarded new staff members to establish top client satisfaction.

e Managed training calendars to inform participants of upcoming training session topics and dates.

e Managed day to day operations.

¢ Completed and managed freight shipments and visual merchandising.

e Counseled individuals to help overcome personal, social or behavioral problems affecting educational or vocational
situations.

e Organized handbook and course documentation for participants.

e Evaluated effectiveness of training programs and recommended improvements to upper management.

e Collaborated with senior and department leaders to develop and implement workforce plans

¢ Identified areas for improvement in training programs and collaborated with training team to implement changes.

e Provided excellent customer service and interaction.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2020

03/2019

Bachelor of Arts: Criminology
Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ

¢ Dean's List Honoree [Spring semester 2020]

Associate of Arts
Maricopa Community Colleges - Glendale Community College - Glendale, AZ