ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Assistant

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Seeks to use digital experience with the intention of securing a career with opportunities for career
advancement.

CORE COMPETENCIES

802.1x, CISCO Switches And Routers; Network Operations, IT Software And Hardware Support,
Network, Configuration & Change Management, NCCM, Macola, Remedy, Active Directory.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Assistant
ABC Corporation - January 2006 - May 2007

Key Deliverables:

Provided support for State Universitys Mutti-Media Services Department.

« Instructed university workshops in the use of various computer software programs.

» Assisied graduate and underraduate university students in the preparation at
individualized madia-related projects.

* Developed individual computer skills of Students thru one-on-one and group training.

» Utilized technical writing skills to create effactive help gukies,

* Troubleshoot computer hardware (zip drives, cameras, printers, laptops) as required.

» Managed equipment within the University Technology Center worth in excess.

Digital Media Assistant
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2006

ae. Deliverables:

Aiding students and faculty in various campus technologies:

= Graphic design work with brand identity,

» Also creating advertisements.and promotions for campus technology and general
technology literacy,

« Work collaboratively with vendors and other digital media professionais Create
&quot;copy &quot, for upcoming extractions Pre-publish templates for incoming .

» Photograph rare books, digitize 35mm.and 120 film negatives Worked on the Mister
Rogers Project and various other projects,

* Video Production and editing using Adobe Premiere Elements 7 for Red River Valley Flood
education,

» Developed and executed various media projects Encoded various video contem into SAAS
compatible formats Scheduled on demand, live, and 24 hour.

EDUCATION

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines