JESSICA
CLAIRE

SUMMARY

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in

@ resumesample@example.com various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company

growth.
& (555) 432-1000
100 Montgomery St. 10th

9 Floor
SKILLS EXPERIENCE

+ Skilled with electric pallet jacks Sheridan Group Inc. Company - Digital Press Operator

+ Organizational skills Ann Arbor, Mi + 01/2018 - 07/2021

+ Multitasking . : . : ws . ‘

-, buildi + Examined printed copy for correct ink density, position on paper and registration.

. ae a ing Collaborated with technicians to diagnose equipment breakdowns and address quality issues.
i + Properly handled hazardous waste materials to uphold safety regulations.

xi Peoe ae el fold, adjusting roll mechani ion and guide devi

a: elects aie dtinny Accurately set-up » adjusting roll mechanisms, tension and guide devices.

Managed paper, ink and printing supplies, placing orders to replenish inventory with vendors.
Supplied clean-up rags by press, skids, trays and straps.
Measured paper thickness and adjusted space between blanket and impression cylinders.

+ Reliable and trustworthy

+ Maximized production by operating 2 to 3 presses simultaneously.
EDUCATION AND + Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues
TRAINING related to our products and services.

+ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet

Linn County Area Career Center

: deadlines.
ERORRTIERE: BO OF 22013 + Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
GED + Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.

+ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

+ Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
+ Jogged and stacked paper by delivering blank or partially printed stock to equipment.

+ Maintained adequate productivity by setting and enforcing deadlines.

Senior Lifestyle Corporation - CNA
Bradenton, FL +» 05/2017 - 01/2018

+ Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall

wellness.

+ Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and
ambulation.

+ Conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals, including blood pressure, blood sugar and
heart rate.

+ Exhibited compassionate care and communication regarding issues surrounding death and dying.

+ Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

+ Rendered hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies
and procedures.

+ Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and
updating healthcare team on patient status.

+ Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care
plan targets.

+ Used mobility devices to transport patients.

+ Delivered personal nursing assistance in pre- and post-operative situations.

+ Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and physical symptoms to assess and prioritize
need for further attention.

+ Supported diagnostic and treatment procedures, including setting up and operating specialized
medical equipment.

+ Provided basic patient care by bathing and grooming patients, changing bedding and assisting in
feeding activities.

+ Collected and documented vital signs to track current patient conditions.

+ Recognized and reported abnormalities or changes in patients’ health status to nursing staff for
immediate assessment.

+ Took patients vitals, including blood pressure, temperature and pulse and documented vital signs
and weight of patients.

+ Engaged with patient family and friends to provide courteous visit experience.

+ Communicated concerns regarding clients’ status, care and environment to nursing supervisors,
clinical care supervisors and case managers.

+ Answered signal lights, bells and requests-for-service to assist patient services fulfillment.

Delivered high level of care to every patient.

Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

Comforted patients and provided each with reassurance and encouragement.

Followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions.

+ Assisted patients during ambulation and moved from one place to another by pushing wheelchairs.

+ Turned or re-positioned bedridden patients to promote blood flow and prevent bedsores.

+ Followed rehabilitation and treatment care plans to accelerate patient recovery, minimize pain and
optimize patient outcomes.

Tower Health - Nursing Assistant
Hamburg, PA + 02/2017 - 05/2017

+ Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall

wellness.

Engaged with patient family and friends to provide courteous visit experience.

Answered signal lights, bells and requests-for-service to assist patient services fulfillment.

Managed supplies and restocked inventory to promote optimal availability for patient care.

Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and aided with feeding and monitoring.

Comforted patients and provided each with reassurance and encouragement.

Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.

Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

+ Assisted over 20 residents with daily needs, including personal hygiene, dressing and transferring
from chairs to bed.

+ Protected and promoted patient rights and assisted individuals to achieve maximum independence.

*_ © # «©