SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Creative Digital Manager offering 7+ years' experience creating impactful, fresh and innovative online
content. Skilled content creator with natural talent for storytelling and leadership requirements.
Communicative and team-oriented with a proven history of fostering design thinking to meet team, individual
and management objectives.

DIGITAL MEDIA MANAGER

Seven+ years' experience working in public radio

(producing content, creating digital content,
podcasts, working with vendors, events, social
media, and programming)

Ability to multitask in high pressure situations
and solve problems using creative solutions
Attention to detail and an eye for brand
consistency

Works effectively in a team environment as well
as independently

Concept development

Firm grasp of journalistic ethics

Copyediting and proofreading

Team building

Time management

Working collaboratively

Highly computer literate with extensive
knowledge, including (but not limited to) Adobe
Audition, Microsoft Office, Grove, Google Forms,
Adobe InDesign, WordPress, and HTML

Exceptional interpersonal, verbal, and written

communication skills

Experience with branding. photography, audio
and video compilation, creating graphics, and
online blogging

Strategic brand management

Strong creative vision

08/2015 to CURRENT

Dentsu Aegis Network | Maryland Heights, MO

OlQINE MANAGER & PRODUCTION ASSISTANT

Manage an effective editorial planning process, in coordination with news and programming directors,
including the development of comprehensive digital workflow and production processes to ensure news
content is up-to-date, accurate and engaging.

Conceptualize (and/or supervise the creation of) engaging graphics, function and features.

Adhere to branding and editorial standards as related to the copy portion of the style guide. Provide
training and assistance on issues regarding content to providers of content as needed.

Develop and report access statistics from the websites for evaluation to managers and aid in
interpreting results and impact on individual departments. Maintain responsibility for overall navigational
design of the website and provide technical support to departmental content providers in the design of
divisional web pages.

Provide leadership in the concept, creation, aggregation, delivery and placement of compelling web
content in sync with internal departments that will attract a high volume of online users/traffic.

Edit and/or repurpose copy from various resources to meet website criteria, including writing headlines
and copy with search engine optimization in mind. This also includes ensuring the process to produce
and publish content is timely, relevant and strategic and adheres to station branding.

Research information/best practices that enhance the value of the website & social media. Work to
keep the site up to date with branding standards and available technologies. Effectively manage,
warehouse, and catalog all website content assets. Evaluate new content for industry accuracy,
Brand/voice consistency, spelling, and grammatical correctness.

Ensure overall integrity of websites through constant review of content and by troubleshooting errors.
Gather website materials for from a variety of sources: edit, proof and post content as needed for news,
research, events, recruitment, and department calendar and activities, in coordination with appropriate
department managers.

Bi-weekly newsletter creation

Manage Podcast RSS feeds and publishing episodes. Serve as digital producer for all podcasts.
Podcast marketing and social media. Brand/voice consistency, outreach to other podcasts for swaps
and promos, outreach for features/reviews. Occasional audio editing, producing, for podcast promos
and episode scoring/layouts

Hosting on Wyoming Sounds, occasional fund drive hosting, and voicing promos

08/2013 to 08/2015

Lithia Motors | Abilene, TX

INCERNET MANAGER

Managed and generated online content, coordinated digital media activities, social media outreach
Arranged and oversaw training for procedures, content developers, and related staff

Attended online NPRDS ‘Station Analytics’ meetings: developed relationship with NPRDS
Evaluated website's Google Analytics and digital strategies

Co-Hosted during fall and spring fundraisers

Videographer and producer for online music series Studio Sessions

Content creator for Wyoming Minute

Assisted the host of “Morning Music” by accessing music, editing audio, designing playlists, coordinating
daily programs, reviewing albums, and answering music calls

Managed incoming membership-drive calls and donations

Created newsletters, PSAs, emails, and branding materials

Produced program segments that highlighted Wyoming musicians

05/2012 to 01/2013

Bella Home Boutique & Bakery | City, STATE

Bachelor of Arts | Journalism

Routinely updated the company website and Facebook page
Marketed to prospective business clientele
Various payroll tasks, including work with Quickbooks and the cash register

2012

University of Wyoming Laramie, WY
President's Honor Roll, Spring 2012 Dean's List, 2008, Fall 2010, 2011

https://www.wyomingpublicmedia_org/
https://themodernwest_org/
https://carbonvalleypodcast.org/