JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Leveraging 6+ Years of Successful Strategic Digital/Media Integration and Project Management, Multi-Certified and Tech-Savvy Digital
Project Manager with expertise in planning, designing. developing and implementing cutting-edge technology solutions to facilitate business
objectives in the entertainment and creative industry. Possess strong leadership skills for building high-impact teams and able to communicate
creative ideas, present results to superior management, and employ relationship management skills to collaborate across various business
settings. Possess the ability to deliver excellent customer service, problem solve with a creative approach and manage multiple projects within
specification. Highly skilled at leading process improvement projects, efficient time management, conducting root cause analysis, managing
operational procedures, and delivering excellent customer service.

SKILLS

e Project planning and development e Program Management
* Multi-Site Operations e Project Management Analysis
e Contract Review and Recommendations e MS Excel
e Advanced Problem Solving e Risk Assessment Analysis
e New product introductions strategies e Staff Management
e Budget Analysis © Strategic Planning
¢ Team Bonding e Change Control Processes
e Project Status Reports e Arabic Linguist

Work HIsToRY

Project Manager, Digital Curation, 08/2019 - 06/2020
Shift Technologies, Inc. — California, MD
e Work in lockstep with team manager and product owner.
e Enhance the quality of programs by organizing, documenting, regulate regular cadence of Agile ceremonies (scrums, showcases,
retrospectives, etc.
e Where appropriate) and keeping teams, stories, and iterations aligned.
¢ Demonstrate great communication skills, strong organizational skills, and the ability to collaborate successfully across IBM and with
external providers.
e Work seamlessly with engineers, designers, support teams, product owners, and stakeholders.
e Maintain focus on user experience, security, simplification, and automation while reinforcing collaboration within the team.
e Organize reporting schedule to ensure transparency with upline leadership.
¢ Employ project management skills, including Agile-specific concepts like backlog management, and tracking burndown and velocity.
e Work with the team to remove impediments blocking the completion of work or commitments.
e Ensure consistency and best practices within the team and identify opportunities for process and tooling efficiencies.
© Provided effective business solutions by aligning Project Management Methodology with Strategy.
¢ Demonstrated multitasking abilities by assisting in social media management and coordinating with the suppliers.
¢ Gathered requirements, defined scopes, allocated resources and established schedules meeting or exceeding project demands.
¢ Developed effective solution to address stakeholders’ problems, improved operations and provided exceptional client support.
* Prepare and maintain Project Plan, Risk Registers, Issue Logs , Lessons learnt and other Project related documentations.
© Provides leadership to project staff including project engineers, vendors, partners or subcontractors.
e Manages projects from start to completion including resolution of escalated project issues.
* Developed implementation methodologies to rein in project costs while meeting key milestones.

Integrated Solutions Project Management , 09/2015 - 04/2019
AT&T Inc — City, STATE

e Chair the strategic execution of client brands daily management leveraging on information obtained from metrics of daily, weekly or
monthly traffic and conversion data to facilitate business decisions.

¢ Collaborated closely with client and vendor production teams while creating and disbursing print material for festival promotion.

e Ensured key milestones were achieved on schedule and artwork deliverables upheld quality assurance and development/production best
practices.

e Attracted the best talents by strategically recruiting and training new employees.

¢ Scheduled and coordinated travel arrangements for contestants and talent while maintaining tactical control of project budgets and
timelines to keep teams on task and achieve scheduled targets.

¢ Responsible for all post contract sourcing delivery success.

e Ensure implementation of supporting infrastructure to deliver procurement services.

¢ Primary interface with the client on the realization of their strategic sourcing objectives through implementation of solution.

e Responsible for staffing and managing appropriately skilled resources for the client account while maintaining cost basis.

e Establish and manage client dependencies to ensure optimal delivery results.

e Drive client approvals at each stage of the project sourcing process.

e Drive compliance management activities to support client compliance.

¢ Identify, own, deliver, and report on all contractually obligated sourcing service levels.

* Contribute to the development of a project management methodology.

¢ Lead Project teams to deliver multiple, simultaneous projects that span across several business or technology areas.

e Researched issues to obtain appropriate answers to customer inquiries.

Assistant Team Lead, 02/2014 - 09/2015
Payless — City, STATE
* Proactively created and maintained engaging programs based on corporate merchandising and presentation standards.
e Spearhead the strategic development of visual execution plans. programs and budget.
e Executed daily revenue documentation, maintained records and assigned employee’ uniforms, tool and work trailers.
e Ensure availability of products by maintaining inventory control and stocking items as needed.
* Increased revenue and reduced costs through P&L analysis while planning, managing and directing daily board operations.

EDUCATION

MBA: Business Administration and Management, 06/2019
Walden University - Minneapolis, MN

CERTIFICATIONS

e Advanced Google Analytics, Google

e Agile Project Management (APMF), MSI

e Agile Product Management: Scrum Skill Success

e Scrum Fundamentals Certified (SFC), SCRUMstudy

e Project Management Essentials Certified (PMEC), MSI
e Lean Six Sigma White Belt Certified, MSI