SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am a highly motivated and dedicated professional with a passion for tackling new challenges. With a strong
work ethic and exceptional interpersonal skills, | thrive in collaborative environments and enjoy taking on
projects that require creative problem-solving. | have a proven track record of quickly mastering new skills
and working effectively both independently and as part of a team. | am committed to delivering results and
making a positive impact in everything | do. Accomplished Sales Executive offering high performance leading
development and implementation of superior sales strategy. Proven track record of identifying and creating
profitable business opportunities. qualifying authentic prospects and cultivating strong partnerships.

« Client Account Management e Detail-Oriented

¢ Territory Growth e« Salesforce Software

« Logistics Knowledge e Relationship Building

« Prospecting Skills e Team Recruiting and Onboarding
e« Negotiation Tactics e Customer Service

« Client Relations e Sales Territory Growth

e« Product and Service Management « Content Creation

e Time Management

SOCIAL MEDIA, DIGITAL MARKETING, BUSINESS DEV. 08/2021 to 02/2023
Essex Alliance - Detroit, Michigan | City, STATE

e Engaged with and responded to online audience through relevant comments.

e Developed and implemented strategic social media marketing plans.

e Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions.

e _Liaised with senior leadership to concept and pitch strategic social campaigns and content plans.

SAQES AGENT - PART-TIME 12/2015 to 01/2023
CrossBorder Shipping And Logistics | City, STATE

e A Sales agent-based company where my sole focus was on securing logistics business.

¢ attending logistics conferences

e networking to build new relationships.

e Rating schedules and Quoting

e Promote business on social media platforms to maximize brand identity and generate revenue.

BLOINESS DEV MGR- CONTRACT 08/2015 to 07/2017
CXNA | City, STATE

e Facilitated and managed business development plan based on market and industry research.

e Hired talented, trainable team members and drove new business strategies to grow revenues.

e Collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and
coordinate product demonstrations.

e Resolved customer complaints regarding sales and service.

e Coached, developed and motivated team to achieve revenue goals.

BLGINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER -SALES 01/2004 to 06/2015
GPSNet Technologies, Inc. -Sylectus | City, STATE

e Built partnerships and strategic alliances to extend organization's brand and increase avenues of

support.
e Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.

e Established new accounts and serviced existing accounts maintaining professional relationships.

e Resolved customer complaints regarding sales and service.

e Created call scripts, prospecting emails and other resources to drive consistency of messaging.

e Researched and capitalized on emerging opportunities to build business and expand customer base
To be entrusted by the President and Vice-President to grow their business was a rewarding experience.

The company was recognized for numerous awards and later went on to be sold to one of the largest
technology companies in the U.S.

Leading Diverse Teams & Organizations
University of Michigan - Online, Ann Arbor

Currently Enrolled in a comprehensive course focused on diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), | am actively
engaging with a range of crucial topics. Throughout the coursework, | am exploring the organizational benefits
of fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion. comprehensive foundation for understanding, promoting, and
implementing diversity, equity, and inclusion

FoCndations of Digital Marketing And E-commerce 03/2023
Coursera- Coursera, Online

FoCndations of Project Management Certificate 10/2022
Coursera - Google , Online

AsCociate of Arts | Radio Television Broadcasting 12/1990
Specs Howard School Of Media Arts College , Southfield, Michigan

AsCociate of Arts | Journalism 04/1988
St, Clair College, Windsor, ON