PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS

INTERESTS

SKILLS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

I'd like to build upon my 15+ years of digital content and communication strategy & consulting experience in a
new and challenging role. What | do well, is: writing/editing targeted messaging for web, blogs and print:
enforcing brand marketing/tone/style; nurturing community engagement: creating & executing social media
strategy; researching & reporting competitive intelligence: leading events & projects. I'm known for
communicating complex topics effectively, managing meaningful relationships, delivering & reporting results
and resolving issues quickly — all while maintaining a good attitude and sense of humor.

« Focused on clients & experience e« Generates creative ideas
e Driven to deliver results e Challenges traditional thinking
« Solves issues & problems e ~=6Proficient with current technology
SR. MANAGER, DIGITAL CONTENT & SOCIAL MEDIA TEAM 03/2012 to CURRENT

Lee Enterprises, Incorporated | Missoula, MT

« Lead team of digital content and social media managers responsible for executing company's digital
and social strategy.

« Developed digital content & social strategy for member and shopper websites: MyPrime.com and
PrimeHelps.com

« Created web style guide incorporating company's "Let's Be Clear" writing principles for the web

e Influential key member of website redesign team which includes: participating in design sessions, &
developer grooming/backlog sessions, influencing requirements, utilizing wires, creating copy decks,
authoring, producing and publishing content.

e Strategize with leaders in marketing. creative and customer experience teams to ensure design/brand/
tone/experience is integrated and consistent across all channels.

e Author all content in Spanish

e« Use current web tools: Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Analytics, Hootsuite, JIRA, Confluence,
Service Now

M.NAGING EDITOR 2009 to 02/2012
Facebook | Irvine, CA

e Manage strategy for campus content and online campus community comprised of 37,000 students,
faculty, alumni and prospects.

e Focused on connections, engagement between peers, faculty and alumni, networking, sharing expertise
and knowledge.

e Collaborate with business partners from across the company including: marketing, Corporate
Communications/PR, legal, UX, developers, interactive design and production teams, to deliver relevant
content, simplified navigation of website, improved overall user experience-resulting in increased traffic
to website and content.

e Editor for all campus news including managing editorial calendars, writing and editing copy, basic
production for image news stories, student news blog. content feeds, faculty news blog, program news
pages and employee news.

e Develop and curate relevant content tailored to specific programs and audiences in support of
successful academic learning, including: news copy, video, blogs posts, RSS feeds. images, content
feeds, discussions and communities of practice, etc.

e Write and enforce guidelines for effective and safe participation in university wide discussions:
moderate discussions, track abuse, escalate issues and communicate effectively and appropriately.

e Moderate discussions and content for 26 individual academic, professional groups and honor societies,
aligning with each group's goals/mission/vision.

e Manage campus content including copy, news, images, documents, video, blogs, RSS, subscriptions,
discussion feeds, links, etc.

e Write and edit copy for Web, mobile and print copy.

e Co-lead content strategy for faculty website redesign.

e Work includes: audit, evaluation, review, writing/editing, governance and intake process.

e Co-manage social media strategy for company with team, utilizing multiple messaging and networking
channels including: Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, Google+, YouTube. Pinterest. in an effort to engage
with prospects, students, alumni and in an effort to gain brand advocates.

e Listen, measure, track and report social engagement, growth and trends using Adobe Omniture,
Radian6 (Salesforce), Facebook Insights, Google Analytics and other tools.

e Provide competitive analysis on Capella's campus technology, community and mobile capabilities
utilizing UX testing, vendors and research studies (Communispace and NIIT).

e Use and knowledge of: CRM (Peoplesoft). CMS (Liferay and Wordpress), VersionOne (Agile
methodology), Sharepoint, HTML (basic), Dreamweaver (basic), Basecamp, MS Office Suite.

e Grow and manage online campus community (2009-2012) leading to successful results: 314,381 1:1
friend relationships 139.784 discussion posts 19,383 updated university profiles 21,162 chat sessions
30+ academic groups, professional and honor societies Co-led content strategy process for redesign of
faculty website, including: content audit, evaluation, review with content owners, editing/rewrite, working
with UX team to position/structure content in a meaningful, easily navigable way.

e Member of social media strategy team for company, including how to use various channels to reach
different audiences and deliver appropriate messaging through each: Facebook pages. Linkedin
groups/pages, Twitter account, YouTube Channel, Google + and Pinterest pages.

e Publish social media scorecard and quarterly update to leaders and stakeholders on state of community
progress related to company initiatives and department goals.

e Measure/track and report on the success of campus community using Omniture, Liferay, Google
analytics.

SECIOR CONSULTANT, CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS 2006 to 2008
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. | City, STATE

e to RiverSource Asset Management marketing and RiverSource distribution businesses on
communication strategies: developing marketing communications plans, determining audiences,
developing appropriate voice/tone/messaging/brand/style and delivering through appropriate channels.

e Wrote and edited funds marketing communications news for internal company portal and external funds

product site.
« Communications lead on major business initiatives: RiverSource Web 2.0 and Certificate Co.
e project.

e Developed process and editorial calendar for Evergreen stories.

e Edited content and presentations for internal communications consultants and Community Relations
department.

e Led weekly RiverSource internal communications/media relations team meetings.

CC-VMMUNICATIONS MANAGER 1999 to 2006
RiverSource Distributors Ameriprise Financial | City, STATE

e Developed annual communication strategy for large wholesaling organization comprising 350 people.

e Aligned communication strategy with sales goals.

e Determined key audiences, appropriate messaging/tone/style and distribution channels, timing and
measures for success.

e Wrote and edited copy for leaders. wholesalers, conference team, marketing partners and financial
advisors.

e Implemented new communications branding process for wholesaling organization as part of the sixth
largest spin-off in U.S.

e history (from American Express to Ameriprise Financial, Inc.).

e Editor of Wholesaler Essentials, a weekly online sales news update for wholesalers.

e Editor of Premier Magazine, a quarterly financial magazine for top producing Ameriprise financial
advisors.

e Led product distribution town hall for senior vice president and wholesalers of the insurance company.

e Managed the first-ever American Express Due Diligence Meeting in San Diego, CA, for 200 top
producing funds and annuities financial advisors.

e Planned and executed the first Funds Investment Symposium - satellite broadcast from Minneapolis to
six major cities, nationwide.

e Managed budget, selected vendors, negotiated pricing and production costs for events.

¢ Coordinated six corresponding events nationwide including presenters and program for each host city.

e Managed exclusive Premier Clubs - recognition and reward club for top producing advisors of funds,
annuities and insurance products.

e Wrote and edited content for GVP Summit welcome packets, and hosted welcome event.

e Led new advisor tours among three organizations.

e Wrote script and toured hundreds of new advisors through wholesaling organization, investment
department and central call center to demonstrate our business.

CCALEGES AND CONFERENCES COORDINATOR 1997 to 7999
American Express | City, STATE

e Planned and managed insurance, investment and small business colleges for select advisors.

e Included calling advisors, managing lists, setting up classes, working at the marketplace with business
partners and delivering following up materials.

e Created presentations, produced course materials, managed logistics, coordinated marketplace for
Region Vice President Group, for national conferences in Tampa, Long Beach, Orlando, and San
Francisco.

Bachelor of Arts | Mass Communications 1992
University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN

Ce_tificate | Certified Community Manager 2072
Get Satisfaction

GFQ: College of Liberal Arts Dean's List

Minnesota Interactive Marketing Association (MIMA)
International Association of Business Communicators (IABC)

e Field Middle School PTA Board Member 2013-present

« Founder and leader Field Middle School Grants Team 2013-present

« Together for Good, Capella fall campaign

« 2012 Project Homeless Connect volunteer

« 2008-2010 Chair from IABC MN to Minnesota Council of Nonprofits, 2008 Habitat for Humanity
Ameriprise Financial,

e 2004, 2006-2007 American Express Champions Council

e Habitat for Humanity, 2005 Jacob's Well (church), South Minneapolis launch team and leader
2006-2012

Tech: Adobe Experience Manager (CQ5), Liferay, Adobe Analytics (Site Catalyst, Omniture), JIRA,
VersionOne, Confluence, Oracle (CRM), Adobe Dreamweaver, Wordpress, Tumblr, Basic HTML, Basecamp,

Social: Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, Facebook, Google+, Linkedin

Microsoft Office Suite: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Visio, Publisher, Sharepoint)

) Awards

« Blackboard Exemplary Online Course award winner (team) 2012
« Paragon Division Award, Ameriprise Financial, 2006 Volunteer -