JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

My name is Jessica Claire and currently a TV/Radio Broadcasting Major with a minor in Creative Writing at Brooklyn College. I am actively
pursuing a career in Communications, Digital Media Publications and Writing Highly motivated with in depth understanding of marketing
concepts; Comprehensive classroom and campus experience in broadcasting; Excellent creative writer; Sound knowledge of social media
engagement; Profound ability to follow instructions; Energetic, keen wit; engaging. friendly personality; natural communications abilities;
Astute observer with a demonstrated ability to learn from others while gaining valuable practical experience.

SKILLS
¢ Special education ® Certified Teacher Assistant
« Organized e Schedule management
¢ Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, iMovie, Excel, and PowerPoint, and « Lesson planning
Internet
Work History

2017 to Current Digital Media Internship
Amazon.Com, Inc. — Breinigsville

e Gather analytics via Twitter, Icon Square, Cisionpoint, LaunchMetricsFashion GPS.

e Data gathering of product placement/brand mention credits via LaunchMetrics.

e Research significant posted digital headlines and distribute to team.

e Extract monthly social media reports and compose PowerPoint presentations for management and distribution to
different clients.

e Photograph showroom product displays for Instagram posts.

¢ Supported several scheduled event planning segments by marketing via social media (Instagram, Snapchat) for
New York Fashion Week.

¢ Composed photograph portfolios of Anna Sui, Philip Lim , Thaddeus O'Neil, and Thakoon Fashion events during
NYFW and had works selected for posting on KCD Worldwide webpage and several social media sites.

e Research influencers/clients and compose contact data sheets.

* Create content calendar templates for current and future events.

04/2016 to Current Editor-in-Chief
Evergreen Enterprises, Inc.

e Reviewing/editing content submissions; recruiting/hiring content writers; collaborate with Managing Editor on
page view volume counts.

e Collaborate with writers thru conference calls and direct meetings on improvements for content delivery and
follow-up publications.

* Organized and hosted media calls to address quarterly financial results.

e Developed key messaging, branding and positioning statements.

e Served as the primary point of contact for incoming media calls, including requests for meetings and interviews
with company executives and experts.

e Created and maintained company web pages using HTML and CSS.

03/2016 to Current Content Writer
The Learning Lamp
¢ Produce content and create articles, including blogs as written Web material for college websites.
e Research and decide what information to include or exclude from the site.
e Developed and managed communications strategies, plans and budgets.
e Planned and launched innovative, creative and effective communications campaigns, such as

01/2015 to Current Producer/Host
WBCR Brooklyn College Radio
e Producer; hosting, research content, working the sound board.
¢ Developed key messaging, branding and positioning statements.
* Coached management on communication tactics with staff and customers regarding organization changes.
e Established and maintained external communications calendar, and managed scheduled assignments.
e Drafted engaging, accurate and effective press releases.
e Oversaw and adhered to the communications department budget.

2014 to 11/2014 Broadcast Assistant
WBCR Brooklyn College Radio
¢ Look It's Rock N Roll" Research content, working the sound board.
e Conveyed noteworthy information about project successes and product updates to customers.

11/2013 to Current Paraprofessional
Department Of Education
e Assisting/Instructing Special Education students.
e Planned and led activities to develop students’ physical, emotional and social growth.
e Set up lesson materials, bulletin board displays and demonstrations.
¢ Promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor recreational
activities.
e Worked with other teachers and administrators to evaluate and revise elementary school programs.

EpucaTIon
Current Bachelor of Arts: Communications/Journalism
Brooklyn College - Brooklyn, New York
© 3.5 GPA
¢ Minor in Journalism
e Principal List Academic Achievement Award
2011 High School Diploma
Leon M. Goldstein High School/Brooklyn Studio High School - Brooklyn, New York
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Dean's List Brooklyn College 2015-2017
¢ Principal's List Honor Roll 2010 - 2013
¢ Junior National Honor Society 2008