ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Specialist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A hunter mentality The ability to succeed in a competitive environment C-level selling experience,
The ability to achieve quota Professionalism and business sawy A team player attitude, strong
work ethic.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Email Marketing, Affiliate Marketing, Google Analytics.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Specialist
Sparks Christian Fellowship - July 2010 - 2020

Key Deliverables:

» Assis! with producing promotional spots and other creative video pieces for special events,
new community outreach launches, and general promotions.

»  Providetogistical suppori tor the Creative Aris/Technology depariments,

» Ensures website material is up to date. accurate, and meets advertising objectives.

* Responsible for training staff to make updates to department information via the website
back office,

* Responsible for uploading promotional advertising ona weekly basis.

» Managed public relations strategy and delivery of social media content tor Epic Records
top Hip Hop and R&amp;B talents.

« Direct sales experience with a digital suite of advertising products. Help with
troubleshooting as it relates to website maintenance,

Digital Media Specialist
Virginia Tech University Libraries - 2005 - 2010

Key Deliverables:

* Collaborate daily with marketers, project managers, and designers to propose, davelop,
and produce creative graphics, videos, and animations for the Creative Services team &
brary,

= Produced over 180 graphics and 100 shon films in jess than two calendar years,

» Storyboard, design, and construct various print & web projects for client approval.

* Drive the Virginia Tech brand image by implementing madia plans and designs to targeted
audiences 2.9, Students, facully, staf, and alumni.

* Manage the production workliow through pre-production meetings; shoot logistics and
post-production services for final client approval.

» This includes supervising the Event Capture Serve team,

* SKILLS Video Production Graphic Design Motion Graphics Social Media Marketing Project
Management Event Capture Final Cut Pr X & 7 Photoshop Illustrator AtterEtfects
InDesign WordPress Facebook, Twitter, Instagram Microsoft Office,

__$——
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘0 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines