JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Talented business woman with demonstrated record of success in marketing management and campaign development. Successful at
overseeing all stages of initiatives, building positive relationships and promoting products with innovative and forward-thinking approaches.
Well-versed in tracking market trends and capitalizing on opportunities. Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.

SKILLS
« Competitive and Trend Analysis e Internet and E-mail Marketing
e Brand-building strategies ¢ Computer skills
e Partnership Marketing e Friendly, positive attitude
e Intuit QuickBase e Time management
« Customer Relationship Management (CRM) ¢ Retail Marketing

« Event planning and execution
EXPERIENCE

01/2020 to Current Media/Digital Marketing Director
Cardinal Village — Sewell, NJ

Developed marketing packages involving web design, remarketing campaigns. key phrase packages and new media
advertising campaigns to increase search engine optimization for clients.

e Oversaw social media and digital marketing strategy to increase brand exposure and audience engagement.

© Utilized Twitter and Facebook to promote products, services and content.

¢ Developed targeted strategies and project plans to drive vision and enhance business value.

¢ Designed, managed and maintained company website by writing content, directing video designs and designing
email, HTML and in-text email promotions.

e Executed updated marketing plans to increase branding exposure, customer traffic and sales.

¢ Directed preparation of marketing collateral, including descriptions, photographs and copy for print and digital
needs.

¢ Initiated market research studies, directed operations and reviewed findings to optimize marketing approaches.

06/2018 to Current Server
Investors Bancorp, Inc. — Hillside, NJ
¢ Satisfied customers by topping off drinks and anticipating condiments, napkins and other needs.
e Promoted desserts, appetizers and specialty drinks to optimize sales.
e Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase profits.
¢ Prepared salads, appetizers and garnishes to assist kitchen staff.
¢ Completed cleaning duties by sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet and tidying up server stations.
e Arranged place settings with fresh tablecloths, tableware and flowers to create appealing tables.
e Provided exceptional service to high volume of daily customers.
¢ Developed rapport with guests and assisted in generating repeat business by providing exceptional customer
Service.
e Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.
e Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.
e Set up dining room to meet hospitality and service standards.
¢ Implemented sanitary food handling, holding and service protocols.
e Answered guest questions regarding menu, food and beverage preparation, recipe ingredients and allergens.

07/2015 to Current Post-Closer
Indy Tire Center — Lafayette, IN
¢ Performed post-closing checks of mortgage loan documentation.
e Reviewed records for accuracy and completeness to maximize compliance and prevent errors.
¢ Completed transaction documents such as buyer, seller and HUD paperwork.
e Disbursed funds, cut checks and mailed out documents.
e Processed paperwork and funds for purchase and refinance loans.
¢ Consulted with warehouse bank personnel to handle collateral document shipments.
e Worked with third-party vendors to address and clear loan closing requirements.
e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.
¢ Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.
¢ Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
¢ Carried out pre-funding and funding functions for more than 100 cases per month.

06/2013 to 02/2016 Store Manager
Party Town Boutique — City, STATE
© Delivered excellent customer service and adhered to standard practices to maximize sales and minimize shrinkage.
¢ Processed daily paperwork, balanced register drawers, produced staffing schedules and prepared deposits.
e Managed inventory tracking and physical inventory counts to minimize loss.
e Balanced sales, reconciled cash and made bank deposits to facilitate opening and closing duties.
e Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.
e Oversaw inventory management through cycle counts, audits and shrinkage control.
e Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.
e Exceeded team goals and resolved issues by sharing and implementing customer service initiatives.
e Prioritized sanitation, safety and health standards in work areas to meet OSHA requirements.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2015 High School Diploma
Portsmouth Christian School - Portsmouth, VA