ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Digital Media Manager

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Self-taught tech-savvy professional with a strong background in digital media and design. Develop for the
latest technology and stay ahead of the curve in all aspects of technology.

SKILLS

AP Style, HTML, Editing, Proofreading, Microsoft Office, Wordpress.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Sr. Digital Media Manager
ABC Corpomtion - May 2012 —December 2014

Started this job with high expectations for the position and made sure that delivered this to the
company.

Started out with a full website tefresh bringing the old technology and outdated design to 4 modern
and fully functional feel.

Integrated everything they wanted for function and made sure to give it a fully responsive design for
mobile.

Implemented a full intninet system that allowed the company to hook mams.on a scheduling system,
company-wide calendars, form, and document tracking with audit control, internal communication
system, und many other intranet enhancements.

Designed seven websites while working for the company, they all were unique and pushed modern
design and function.

Set up an affordable load balancing solution to take cane of any website downtime, integrated
quality website backup services, and high-quility website monitoring tools.

Analyzed the risk management structure associated with growing the company as well as managing
the quality of all the finished projects.

Digital Media Manager
Santa Fe New Mexican - XM — X12

Responsible for driving sales and results with Digital and Social Media supporting the Santa Fe New
Mexicans online presence.

Social media savvy with the understanding of each social media platform and how to ideate
strategies from each of them for aurclients.

Strong wating skills to craft engaging and witty bmnding along with social messaging that is easily
consumed by the public or potential consumers.

In depth experience with Social listening and expertised with analytic tools.

Detulloriented while working ata fast pace to meet all guidelines.

Can easily tainsition a proposal to encompass print, web, pay per click, orgunie impression and any
and all social media campaigns.

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes