Digital Media Entry-Level Resume

OBJECTIVE

Create 2 statement describing or naming the position you are sccking to obtain. You may also include the specific field or area
you are interested in and the skills and expertise you could contribute to the company. This section is optional and could be
omitted or substituted with a “Career Highlights” or “Summary of Qualifications” section.

EDUCATION

Institution City, State (Expected) Graduation Month Year
Write out the full name of your (expected) degree; also list Minors and Concentrations

GPA: 4.0/4.0 (it is recommended that you melude your GPA if it ts 3.0 or higher)

Other possible information to include: Study Abroad expencnces, Relevant Coursework, or Academic Awards and Honors.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
« Utilities

Languages
Software
Databases
Hardware

EXPERIENCE, RELEVANT EXPERIENCE, INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE [possible trtles/desermptive headings]

Organization, Your Job Title — City, State Month Year - Month Year

© The position header above is one example of formatting. Other formats can include using two lines or rearranging the order of
the Organizanon, Job Title, Location, and Dates to emphasize the most important elements.

© You can bold or italicize your title or your organization—whichever is more relevant, but be consistent

@ In this section include bulleted accomplishment statements, which provide examples of times you have successfully used the
skills employers are seeking.

© Start with a strong acton verb, then follow with an explanation of what you were doing, describe how you did it, and, when
possible, include any outcomes that you achieved. Remember, statements should ultimately convey your proficiency in one or
more skill sets of interest to the employer by way of providing an example of when you have used them.

© Consider the following questions to help you create more effective bullet points: What was the result/outcome of your work?
What were your accomplishments? How did you help the organization? What skills‘knowledge did you enhance? How docs
this experience relate to your internship/employment goal?

Organization, Your Job Title — City, State Month Year- Month Year

© Bulleted statements should be in the proper tense (past or present tense) and use consistent grammar and punctuation.

© Be specific by including quantity, frequency, population, and impact of your work whenever possible.

@ Make sure your resume ts casy to read and not too text heavy. Avoid using colors, multiple fonts, pictures, bemg too brief, or
making it too dense. Make it your own, but be professional

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE, LEADERSHIP, HONORS, ACTIVITIES, COMMUNITY SERVICE, VOLUNTEER,

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT [possible ntles/desenptive beadings}

Organization, Your Job Title — City, State Month Year - Month Year

¢ Using multiple experience sections is optional and allows you to emphasize (by plecing it closer to the top) your most relevant
expenence, Experiences within a section should be listed in reverse chronological order.

© Positions within this section should be formatted like previous experience sections, but may or may not include bullet points.

@ In an additional experience section, you can include work experiences that may not be directly related to the job you are
applying to, but add to your credibility by exemplifying a progressive work history

© Emphasize your transferable skills, those that can be taken from one experience and applied elsewhere.

Organization, Yeur Role (e.g. Member, Participant, Honoree, or Presenter) — City, State Month Year - Month Ycar
This section can also be an opportunity to share your experiences as a leader, honors received, community involvement,
professional development activities, or membership in organizations, As illustrated, replace “job tithe” with the role you played.