Robert Smith

Sr. Digital Media Specialist

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Creative Marketing professional with a proven record of accornplishment in
creating and managing digital media strategies in support of business goals
and objectives.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Digital Media Specialist
Priority Communications - March 2010 - 2020

Responsibilities:

Manages stations website content and promotions, overall design and
SEO, web and mobile streams, trends and analytics, email distribution,
Strategically plans promotion and digital opportunities closely with
management,

Works with each department to integrate promotions seamlessly
between on-air and digital,

Bullds best practices, policies, and procedures for all things digital.
Gathers analytics to monitor and produce reports to support tactical
decisions.

Creates digital contests and optimizes integration with all online
marketing channels.

Proficient With Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office, HTML, Prormmosuite
CMS, SEO, Second Street, EZ Stream, Social Media.

Digital Media Specialist

ABC Corporation -

2005 - 2010

Responsibilities:

Established the position fromm the ground up through successfully
working in tandem with the Marketing & Cornmunications and
Developrnent Offices,

Designed, conceptualized and produced digital and print marketing
pieces for all cornmunications.

Video creation and editing for advertising & educational use,
Photographer for school events and athletics, as well as professional
promotional images.

Maintained & generated content for the schools website as well as all
social media platforms.

Student advisor for four years.

Hands-on with all departmental projects including developing marketing
strategies and materials as well as special event plannina..

Education

Bachelors of Science in Business Administration - 2007(West Liberty
University - West Liberty, WV)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama :
(123)-456-7899
infog@qwikresume.com
muetiemna’ om

Graphic Design, Website
Management, Project
Management.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)