SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Versatile Social Media Manager possessing well-coordinated and data-driven methodologies focused on prospecting solid leads, developing
strategies and increasing ROI. Knowledgeable about multiple social platforms and optimizing SEO. Excellent communicator and planner
committed to building long-lasting and productive relationships.

Veteran Bartender bringing 13 years of experience in field and deadline-oriented nature focused on maximizing client results. Consistently
takes ownership of day-to-day operations and special projects. Accomplishments include restructuring and launching campaigns, increasing

revenue and controlling

costs.

Creative Social Media Manager bringing 11 years of experience in marketing and advertising projects. Polished in leading multidisciplinary
objectives and teams through proven, strategically designed plans, impacting highly visible and profitable marketing campaigns.

SKILLS
e Adobe Creative Suite ¢ Social media tools
« CRM © Google Slides
e Marketing strategies e Marketing programs
e Project management e SEO experience
¢ Web analytics * Google Analytics
e Graphic design e Industry trend understanding
« Brand strategy e Keyword analysis
¢ Data analytics * Google Analytics expertise
¢ Digital marketing * Client relationship management
¢ Multi-channel marketing ¢ Content strategy
« Pixel e« Account management
e Email marketing campaigns ¢ Photography
¢ Digital media © Nonprofit experience
« Campaign execution © SEO strategy development
e SEO
EXPERIENCE

02/2019 to Current Digital Marketing Specialist
Bio-Techne — Waltham, MA

© Developed improved digital content for website and social media platforms.

e Managed and developed new content for company website, app and social media platforms.

e Spearheaded social media initiatives and created digital content for Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

e Improved advertising initiatives by executing social media and digital marketing campaigns.

© Collaborated with social media and e-commerce leaders to increase brand awareness and lead generation.

e Implemented new and improved web products to revitalize online presence and reach consumers.

« Designed, managed and maintained company website by writing content, directing video designs and designing
email, HTML and in-text email promotions.

© Developed marketing packages involving web design, remarketing campaigns, key phrase packages and new media
advertising campaigns to increase search engine optimization for clients.

e Created and implemented marketing campaigns and directory services to help clients capitalize on new media and
Internet advertising opportunities.

e Interfaced with clients to discuss budget allocation to determine project scope.

¢ Worked directly with Facebook and TripAdvisor to create brand awareness campaigns and increase lead
generation.

e Coordinated and assisted in-house digital marketing team in executing creative development, brand consistency
and media campaign strategies.

¢ Captured content for website and social media pages by taking photos and video footage.

© Developed social media initiatives and created daily content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and emerging social
platforms to engage current fans and acquire new ones.

01/2018 to 05/2018 Bartender
Joey Restaurant Group — Seattle, WA

© Operated cash register and Point of Sale (POS) system for transactions and made proper change for cash
transactions.

e Managed bar area, cocktail design and menu and handled inventory, regulation compliance and customer
relationships.

© Upsold customers from shelf to premium brands to help boost sales.

e Recommended food and drinks to patrons based on preference, pairings and special promotions.

e Balanced daily registers and generated sales reports for management.

e Kept track of bar tabs and transferred open tabs to dining area for wait staff.

¢ Confirmed customers’ ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests.

e Maintained list of ride services for inebriated customers.

¢ Trained new bartenders on drink preparation and upselling techniques.

© Lowered liquor costs by training bar staff on precision pouring and waste reduction.

© Met customer, business operations and server needs with minimal errors or delays.

e Created unique cocktails for special events.

e Restocked beer and liquor regularly and after special events.

¢ Closely monitored customers’ intoxication levels and discontinued alcohol service, removed from premises or
requested assistance from security.

e Received cash and card payments for balances owed.

© Collected appetizer, entree and wine orders from patrons.

e Used POS system to input orders, create checks and issue receipts.

e Increased average ticket amounts by upselling customers from shelf to premium brands.

e Processed above-average daily revenue and consistently met targets for special events and promotions.

02/2016 to 01/2018 Bartender
Local Public Eatery — Seattle, WA

e Balanced daily registers and generated sales reports for management.

e Implemented special events to boost customer numbers and profits.

e Stayed up-to-date on latest mixology trends, bar equipment and sanitation standards.

¢ Ordered inventory to meet expected demand with adequate stock.

¢ Confirmed customers’ ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests.

e Talked easily with patrons to build rapport and earn repeat business.

¢ Created unique cocktails for special events.

e Created rapport with new and returning patrons to foster guest satisfaction.

¢ Kept supplies stored in proper locations according to health code standards.

¢ Monitored patron alcohol consumption to encourage safety.

e Checked identification of customers to verify age requirements needed to purchase alcohol.

e Advertised, marketed and recommended drink options to guests.

e Reduced inventory losses and moved older products by creating new drink menu items.

e Processed above-average daily revenue and consistently met targets for special events and promotions.
¢ Introduced new seasonal and special events menu items to successfully increase monthly sales.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Journalism, Broadcast

West Liberty University - West Liberty, WV

Marketing Management And Research
Marshall University - Huntington, WV

Communication Studies
Marshall University - Huntington, WV

Film Production

Marshall University - Huntington, WV