JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dynamic Social Media Marketer offering 6+ years of related experience, results-driven approach and dedication to achieve remarkable client
results. Leads routine operations and special projects for new and established customers. Constantly working to develop, revamp and
strengthen campaigns to drive social and revenue growth.

SKILLS
¢ Personal Branding e Interpersonal Communication
e SEO Marketing e Team Building
e Ad Development e¢ Campaign Coordinating
e Trend Analysis e Adobe Premiere Pro
e Social Media Marketing! Youtube Marketing e Adobe Lightroom
* Critical Thinking ¢ Microsoft Office Suite
e Video Editing e Adobe Photoshop
« Web Design
Work History

08/2022 to 02/2023 Digital Media Coordinator
Asphalt Care Equipment — City, STATE

e Digitized, saved and scanned photo records and documents.

e Optimized digital content by providing daily monitoring and proactive adjustments to capitalize on trends and
events.

¢ Directed staff and special social media projects.

e Oversaw profiles and presence on all of our social media platforms.

© Cultivated, Developed, and Executed new content ideas and strategies for Instagram, TikTok, and Youtube.

¢ Developed weekly social media plans for all of our social platforms.

e Filmed, edited, advertised, and posted new and engaging video content for all of our social media account.

e Supported paid media initiatives through asset trafficking and management, tracking URL creation and tracking
pixels and tagging.

« Run bi-weekly meetings for SEI development through Google and Facebook.

e Incorporated and hosted free social media consultation phone calls for clients who needed social media and
engagement advice.

12/2021 to Current Digital Media/Social Media Marketing Specialist
The Grace Project — City, STATE

e Analyze and develop social media and online marketing campaign results through Google marketing.

¢ Create actionable plans to grow and maintain followers through Shopify, Instagram, Facebook and SEO marketing
to consistently drive over 10,000 impressions.

¢ Promote successful outcome of web development strategy by aligning consistent brand messaging and visual
designs across digital outlets to beat our $10,000,000 sales mark.

e Manage all back-end details and brand re-development to improve brand identity, aesthetic, and culture.

e Analyze marketing plan and social media strategies to identify strategic weaknesses and make recommendations
for improvements.

e Develop marketing content such as blogs, videos, promotional materials, and advertisements for social media and
our company website.

e Work with department personnel to deliver brand consistency in social media messages to increase sales.

e Identify target market and key segments through in-depth analysis of markets and related trends.

e Manage team to generate original content and moderate online community members.

04/2021 to Current Advisory Board Member
Fall Forward Media — City, STATE

¢ Lead weekly groups to volunteer in the Kensington Area.

e Take lead on setting up fundraiser events.

¢ Develop content for our organization to encourage donations, volunteer inquiries, and sponsors.

e Ability to acquire sponsors, venues, and other important fundraiser components.

e Accumulate weekly donations to help feed the homeless in the Kensington Area as well as work to get those in
need into treatment for addiction.

e Offer expertise on employee and business development plans to enhance implementation and routine oversight.

¢ Focus teams on developing innovative and cutting-edge approaches at all levels with effective resource allocation
and strategic planning.

e Set, enforce and optimize internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.

e Crafted business plans that identified long term company goals and also detailed smaller goals to keep organization
on track.

* Oversee business-wide changes to modernize procedures and organization.

e Lead recruitment and development of strategic alliances to maximize utilization of existing talent and capabilities.

09/2017 to Current Founder/Host
Fall Forward Media — City, STATE
Fall Forward Media is a brand that promotes volunteer work, healthy well-being, and mental health awareness.

¢ Create custom logos and branding in Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Premiere Pro.

e Designed a foundation website to serve as a platform for all media content such as podcast, videos, and products.

¢ Developed a video based mental health podcast on Youtube, Spotify, And Apple to encourage the conversation on
mental health.

e Shoot, edit, brand, and market music videos, podcast, vlogs, and other content for all social media platforms.

¢ Developed/Designed my own clothing line and candle company that reaches sales profit of up to $1,000 per month.

e Leveraged my social media prowess to accumulate an organic reach of over 40,000 impressions monthly.

e Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels through Instagram.

e Oversaw and improved deliveries through proactive coordination of daily operations.

e Studied market trends to determine optimal pricing of goods and services and to capitalize on emerging
opportunities.

10/2012 to Current Disc Jockey
Company Name — City, State

e Perform at weddings, social and corporate events across Philadelphia area.

e Design and produce my own disc jockey flyers for promotional purposes

© Develop, edit, and produce content to leverage social media websites such as Facebook and Instagram to promote
services and acquire new gigs weekly.

e Use interpersonal networking methods at current jobs to increase business opportunities.

e Use various methods of personal branding such as a personal website, and social media videos to appeal to various
demographics to increase business.

e Engaged guests at special events by playing fun, lively songs and encouraging dancing.

e Established relationships with potential sponsors to earn extra income in advertising.

EpucaTIon

2019 Bachelor of Arts: Media Studies and Production
Temple University, School of Media and Communication - Philadelphia, PA
Media Studies and Production

VOLUNTEER WorRK

The Philadelphia Grace Project
(2020 - Present)

MOPH Toys for Tots
(2017 - Present)