Avery Rodriguez

Entry Level .NET Developer | C# | ASP.NET | SQL

@ help@enhancv.com @ linkedin.com

SUMMARY

Enthusiastic .NET developer with a year of hands-on experience as a
“NET intern. Skilled in C#, ASP.NET, and SQL. Developed MVC
applications and optimised existing code, leading to a 20%
improvement in application performance. Eager to utilise skills to
resolve complex problems in an engaging team environment.

EXPERIENCE

.NET Development Intern

Tech Company
& 2020-2020 9 Charlotte, North Carolina
Worked on the development, testing, and maintenance of .NET applications.

¢ Developed MVC based applications using C# and .NET Framework that
improved operational efficiency by 30%.

e Implemented SQL for database management resulting in enhanced data
retrieval speed by 25%.

e Efficiently troubleshooted and resolved over 50 application issues.

e Optimized code for various applications, leading to a 20% improvement in
application performance.

¢ Collaborated with a team of 10+ developers to deliver robust software
applications.

VOLUNTEERING

Mentor

Code.org
E83 2018 - 2019
Volunteered as a mentor to encourage young students to learn code.

Database Administrator

North Carolina Technology Association
E83 2019 - 2020

Maintained and updated database of members and attendees for the
association.

Tech Support

Charlotte Mecklenburg Library

&4 2021- Ongoing

Assisted in solving technical queries and computer related issues for library
users.

9 Charlotte, North Carolina

STRENGTHS

W Problem Solving

Efficiently troubleshooted and resolved 50+
application issues during internship at Tech
Company.

VW Team Player

Worked collaboratively in a dynamic team of
10+ developers resulting in efficient project
completion.

“% Effective Communication

Liaised between technical and non-technical
stakeholders efficiently enhancing project
understanding and implementation.

SKILLS

C# .NET

ASP.NET SOL MVC

JavaScript HTML css AJAX

jQuery Version Control/Git § REST APIs

CERTIFICATION

Microsoft Certified: .NET Core Developer

Pursued Microsoft Certification focusing on .NET
Core development framework.

Advanced SQL for Developers

Completed comprehensive course by Codecademy on
advanced SQL techniques.

PASSIONS

O Continuous Learning

Passionate about continuous learning and
improvement in the tech sphere.

Q Hiking
Enjoys exploring the outdoor trails and parks
around Charlotte.