Tim
McCarley

Summary

Highly skilled, motivated, and dedicated
software developer with around 8+years
of extensive system Analysis, Design,
Development, Testing, and Deployment
of multi-tier web applications and
software applications Experience in Web
Application Development (websites)
and Windows Application Development
(Win Forms) using ASP.

Notable Skills

* Strong Experience in designing and
developing applications using
MVC(Modei View Controller).

* NET, C#, NET Frarmnework
Technologies,

* Good Knowledge of SDLC. Angular JS.

* Experience with Developing GUI
using Web Technologies like HTML.
CSS, JQUERY, JavaScript and XML.

e Worked Extensively in managing
Database using ADO. NET, Entity
Framework.

* Knowledge of various frontend tools
for debugging and performance
optimization,

* Experience in Conduct code reviews
and manage the process.

Call me here:

4896 Lucy Lane, Vevay. IN 47043
Mob: +1 812-427-2161
Email: mecarley@resumesbot.com

Education

MASTER'S IN COMPUTER SCIENCE IN
COMPUTER SCIENCE. 2011

Work Experience

-NET DEVELOPER

Matson’s Navigation is a leader in Pacific Shipping. Its transportation
offerings span the globe from Shanghai to Savannah to delivering a wide
range of multi-modal services throughout North America. Ports project is
to port all functionality associated with the facts. mainframe application to
a web-based platform and to support a fixed number of high priority
enhancements, Ports is a web application used for creating Bookings and
Bill the shipments ordered by customers, creating Quotations and
Templates, maintain commodities, link containers to bookings. Rate
Engine is the main module in this application responsible to rate and
charge the customers.

My duties and accomplishments are the next:

* Involve in the development of Service Layer, Data Access Layer, Business
Layer, Presentation Layer and different layers of N-tier Applications.

e Extensively work with Controllers, Directives. Scope, Model and Modules
in Angular 3S

© Involve in working with Server-side State Management Techniques like
Session state to maintain state between ASP. NET pages.

* Involve in N Unit Testing & Integration Testing of the entire application

* Greatly involved in the development life cycle. from the design phase to
the implementation phase. testing and deployment. Use the MVC
design pattern

* Creating and developing Stored Procedures, Functions, Views, Indexes,
Triggers, Cursors, XML, Joins. user-defined data types and other Complex
Queries using Server 2008/2005 & Oracle 11g/9i.

-NET DEVELOPER

XMPie is a composition third party tool to generate PDF's using Data,
Content, Variables and Template. Atena portal contains UI to define
content rules and supply to XMPie to generate PDF for minimizing manual
intervention. Atena portal web UI provides multi-client capabilities. data
migration tools/process to convert current data for 7 Atena Clients, and
provide UI! to access new content management system, Create automated
workflow to handle approvals. change tracking and auditing. Design and
implement data and system integration solution for 3rd party vendor
software.

e Used HTML and CSS for web page design and JavaScript for client-side
validations.

e Create variable-data templates and online storefronts using the XMPie
platform.

* Worked on WEB AP! Services backend and Angularjs Front End.

e Involved in the Creation and Code Review of XML, XSLT.

* Wrote test cases for Business services and Web API using Nunit and
maintained code coverage for each project 100% using Team city tool.

e Involved in Writing User Interface Code, Business and Data Layer by
using C#. NET Language.

Information Technology (IT) Resume Examples here: