Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Dotnet Developer Website : wove, quilkresuinne, Com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

8+ years of extensive experience in designing and developing web applications, web services,
client/server applications by using Microsoft .NET technologies. Having strong knowledge Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements definition, design, programming / testing
and implementation of major systerns,

SKILLS

Microsoft , NET , Programming / testing.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Dotnet Developer
ABC Corporation - November 2010- August 2011

Analyzed requirements in order to determine and provide realistic estimates and Solutions:
Designed dynamic web pages with C# using RAZOR In ASP NET,

Developed Presentation layer using ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript.

Implemented MVC design pattern te develop the application and to reduce the complexity
and to get full control over the behavior of the application.

Worked with Telerik Controls to display huge amount of data.

Used Ajax Controls for client side validations with asynchronous data execution using threads
when needed to Increase the performance.

Developed Cascading style sheets (CSS) for consistent look and feel of the website.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2006- 2010

Created ASR NET pages with web server controls for the presentation layernimplernernted
validation using validation controls, |]Query and JavaScript client side validations.

Developed web applications using ASP.NET and AJAX Extensions under MVC architecture,
Created Web Forms for developing the applications using webserver controls and HTML
controls.Using Entity Frarmework, connected to relational data by writing LING to SOL queries,
Involved jn all the phases of the Software Development Life Cycle including Systern Analysis,
Design and Development.implemented Page level security and permissions based on the
authentication details.

Developed administrative functions such as assigning property viewing permissions and
addingsystem users.Using Windows Forms for GUis with sore test work with Crystal Reports
html for reperting. Written Web Service for Messaging module passing user data fromm Manager
to Sales Team andvice versa using C#.Net,Send ADONET datasets through XML Web
service.Presenting the data frorn the XML file by using XSLT.Designed reports and written
some dynamic calculations for reports using SOL Server ReportingS ervices,

Provided technical support and Updates to customers and partners in a timely manner and
documented technical and programming specifications.Data Formatting was done using
HTML, CSS and client side scripting using Angular|S and |Query.Involved In the development
of business logic in C#,

NET.Created web custorn controls and web user controls where necessary.

EDUCATION

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings