ROBERT SMITH
-Net Developer

E-mail: info@qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

SUNIMARY

A self-motivated TT developer with 7+ years of professional experience in software unalysis, design and
development using Microsoft Visual Stucio, project management ancl customer-focused implementation.
Capable of deyeloping beth client and server portions of large or small applications,

SKILLS

Full Stack .Net Developer Web Designer SQL Seryer Troubleshooting Issues Entity Framework .Net
Vramework WCF, Res/Soap User Interface Test Driven Development Agile/Scrum Strong Experience In
Developing Various Application (Windows, Web, XML Web Services And SOA) Using Microsoft NET
Technologies C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET, ADO.NET, Web Services, WCE (Windows Communication
Foundation). Hands On Experience In Web Technology Using ASP.NET, HTML, DHTML, XML, XSLT,
Angular JS, CSS, Knockout JS, ATAX, VB Seript, Kendo U1, JavaScript And AngularJS,

WORK EXPERIENCE!

.Net Developer
OGI - March 2012 — Present

* Involving in the software development life cycle (SDLC) for the documentation, designing,
development phase of the system.

«Scheduling meetings and coordinating the deployment process with business users to understand the

user stories and creating the technical/functional documentation as per the business needs.

Working on Agile methodology this includes daily scrum, retrospectives:

* Implementing ASP MVC 5,0 framework for the development of the application:

* Building the distributed and scalable web application using Visual Studio 2013.

* Creating the data vecess layer, business logic layer classes using C# and Net 4.0/4.5.

« Using role based security functionality in MVC to restrict users to certuin pages read only.
-Net Architect

ABC Corp - 2011 —~2012

* Analyzed and recommended architecture solutions,

«Lead ether developers in development of system in accordance with defined architecture.

«  Ensured compliance with standards.

* Analyzed and recommended solutions for Web and mobile applications.

* Analyzes business practices and processes to determine best practice strategies to cnsure maximum
effectiveness and efficiency,

*  Assistwa with Suategic planning, including applications integration and legacy application strategy.

* Analyzes the hardware and software to assist in the stanclards determination and setting of processes.

© This Knee Resume Lomplate: t the copyright of Qwikresurne.corn, Usage Gnidelimes