Senior .Net Developer ERGO ea) S28 ee 8

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Senior Net Developer with over Nine years of IT experience in all phases of software development
life cycle (SDLC) - Project Analysis, Requirernents, Design, Development, Testing, and Deployment
and Documentation. Extensive experience in .NET Framework Web based application development
using Microsoft. NET technologies including ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, WCF, WPF, Silver light AJAX,
ADO.NET, XML, COM, COM+, DCOM, VB, Java and VB scripts and ASP,

Skills

C++, VB.NET, TSql, PL/SQL Web Technologies .NET Framework ASP.NET, MVC 2/3, Silverlight
4,0/3.0, ASP.Net Ajax 3.0/2.0, JavaScript, |Query

Work Experience

Senior .Net Developer
Bed Bath & Beyond, NJ - june 2012 - Present

Designed and developed various abstract classes, Interfaces, classes to construct the
business logic using C# with OOPS Implementation.

Developed the reusable frarnework for the application using the ASP,Net MVC framework 3,0.
Designed and developed graphical user Interfaces using silver light XAML and C#.

Developed new user interface camponents for different modules using Kendo Ul,

Created custom, general use rnodules, and cornponents which extend the elements and
modules of core Angular|S,

Extensively used silver light data grid, iterns control and many other controls with paging and
sorting for displaying various data on to the page.

Participated In making responsive web designs using Twitter Bootstrap.

Senior .Net Developer
ABC Corp - 2009 - 2012

Worked with web services, caching features, configuring optimizations and securing the web
application.

Conducted detailed risk asseserments by analyzing docurnents, statistics, reports and market
trends.

Developed module which deals with validating user, changing passwords and searching of
information depending upon priority of user in the site using ASPNet.

Invalved in solving moderately cornplex problerns and/or conduct moderately complex
analysis

Provided explanation and informnation to others on difficult issues.

Coached, provided feedback and guided others.

Maintalned the knowledge of current dornains and strategic roadmaps.

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines