ROBERT SMITH
Senior .Net Developer

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Senior .Net Developer with 8+ years of experience in designing and developing
collaborative solutions using various Microsoft Technologies. Strong knowledge in
Software Life Cycle process and development methodologies with strong expertise in
building windows and web-based solutions. Worked on ADO.NET Entity Framework to
associate with a database for CRUD operations,

CORE COMPETENCIES

.NET, ASP. ASP.NET, C#, IIS. INTERNET INFORMATION SERVICES. JAVASCRIPT, WPF.
Wel

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior .Net Developer
Kelloggs - April 2013 ~ Present

Key Deliverables:

* Worked on sofiware development life cycle starting from requirements gathering
and performing object-oriented analysis, design, and implementation and
developing new WCF service interface layer.

* Desitned MVC design pattern for asp. Net application development using the
ASP.Net MVC framework,

* Developed web services for administrative services; configuration services, and
pricing services,

* Worked on database modeling and database schemas and also created stored
procedures in SQL server 2008,

® Developed user controls using asp. Net and c# and used them dynamically in the
web pages using master pages and CSS.

* Implemented object-relational mapping using NHibernate and ORM toals;

* Designed and developed user interfaces usiryt ASP.Net on Visual Studio 2008.

Senior .Net Developer
ABC Corp - 2010 - 2013

Key Deliverables:
* Responsible for planning and designing new software and web applications.
» Analyzed, tested, and assisted with the integration of new applications,
* Oversaw the documentation of all development activity,
* ‘Trained non-technical personnel. Assisted with tmcking performance metrics.
» Integrated the knowledge of business and functional priorities.
® Acted as a key contributor ina complex and crucial environment.
» bead the teams or projects and shares expertise.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines