Work Experience

B OY K R CoReference Data Service and Maintenance (RDSM) is an internal

project to provide services for Samsung customers. The project

designs and develops service interfaces for retrieving reference
NET DEVELOPER ' [
VET DEVELOPE data from a common user interface for Agents, Call Center and
Online Customers to get the Insurance quote from Insurance

Company

Profile Duties

e Interact with Business users to collect the requirements and

m an iT professional with 7+ years of experience as a 4
f : ' developed a Prototype for the application

Net Developer, with expertise i Software Analysis,
f * Design and implement the Business Layer/assemblies and

Design, Development, Testing, Maintenance anc
dil : ns ey ° Abin hi strongly typed dataset to support the business logic for the GUI

mplementation of various Client/Server applicatio e e
User Controls process Using ASP. NE

and N.-tier Architecture in Web Applicatio ee . =
; , : iy ? * Develop the application using VS 2003, Net 1.0, C#, net, MS
Access, Fujitsu COBOL, and SQL Server

¢ Participate in various client meetings throughout the SDLC of

Education

the application
e Work extensively on the Database Design, creating tables,

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN COMPUTER

writing stored procedures in SQL

SCIENCE IN MATHEMATICS AND PSYCHOLOGY

Roosevelt University Chicago, IL

re _ 7 : Flint Bank is an American community bank based in Los Angeles,
rechnical Skills

California. It provides services like debit cards, credit cards
personal loans, business loans, healthcare lending, etc. I've been a
part of a developer team. Based on an in-depth risk assessment

® Net Framework 4.5 »/3 ADO. NET

* z the platform enables the implementation of complex strategies
MYCS, Web Forms, LINQ, Entity Framework

and workflows for credit origination and monitoring. A built-in
© Web API, — strap :

simulation environment allows users to analyze changes to the

HTMLS, AngularJS .

underlying risk models and sustainably optimize those models

Duties

* Designed and developed UI and website using JavaScript

: libraries like AngularJS

( ontact *® Response Ul and website layout is achieved using the Bootstrap

framework, AngularJS helped in bootstrapping web application

hello@amandaholt.c efficiently without registering callbacks which helped in code
debugging

© Effectively used JavaScript and AngularJS Library for traversing
HTML5 document, event handling and AJAX interactions

e Used custom error handling in Web API to pass proper error
messages rather than generic error messages to understand the
error

* Performed Unit testing on the AngularJS U! for Performance

issues and data integration.

Information Technology (IT) Resume Examples here:
https://resumesbot.com/information-technology-it-resume-examples/