ROBERT SMITH

Dotnet Developer Il
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

More than 8 years of experience in Requirement Analysis, Design, Documentation,
Development and Implementation in Client/Server and Web Technologies for
various Finance and Retail domains, Extensive experience in MS NET Technologies
using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, C#.NET, ADO.NET, LINQ ta SOL, LING to
Objects VB.

JANUARY 2014 - 2020
— DEVELOPER i! - MAYO CLINIC

Effectively used C#,NET for coding the business logic.

Ensured that the proposed Investments are appropriate for the clients financial
circumstances and goals.

Designed and devdoped various abstract classes, Interfaces classes to
construct the business logic using C#.

Worked efficiently in all the phases of SDLC and Involved in developing 3- tier
architecture for the web application,

Fixed the issues reported by client and supported them quickly

Designed and devdaoped the real time and historical market data handling by
using COG API.

Created Win Formsfor admin application, scheduled the process for the updated
market data,

2012 - 2014
DOTNET DEVELOPER - DELTA CORPORATION

Responsibilities Gathering Client requirements and converted them Inte the
technical specifications and developed Windows forms using C#.

Involved in research and analysis of business problems and developina
Technical solutions

Created WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation) for inputting and displaying
data using C#.

Implemented ground transportation Samp; Workflow Scheduler using Microsoft
provider pattern, C# Samp; WPF.

Worked on framework dements, the layout system; Visual Tree, User Controls,
data binding, control template styles and dynamic resources.

Developed custom controls to enable reusability and user rich graphic controls
of WPF and WinForms.

Used WPF in creating windows and different animated scenes using the
combination of transforms, animation controls (storyboard, double animation)
and color effects.

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines