ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Dotnet Developer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SUNIMARY

7+ years of strong professional Net Development experience in yanons applications based on Object
Onented Progamming (OOP), Client/Server, N-+tier architecture, Web based and Internet Technologies.

SKILLS

Excellent Skill In Writing Stored Procedures, T-SQL Queries. Punctions. Triguers, Views And Schemus.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Jr. Dotnet Developer
Micron Inc - November 2014 — 2020

Developed GUL using MS VISUAL STUDIO, ASP.NET Web Forms with Ajax cantrols.

Deployed applications into test. and production envimmments by using web server (HS).
Responsnible for Client Engagement Acceptance Continmame (CBAC) project analyzes the risk and
provides rating for the engagements.

Responsible Application design based on N-tier Architecture

Involved in the Database design,

Worked with MSSOQL, developed stored procedures, written queries, created triggers and indexes,
involved in writing Technical use cases fora given functional use cases.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corpomtian - 2009-2014

* Key Responsibilities Participated in meetings with Business users and with other project teams to
ensure that the volatile business requirments reflect in the project development.
Involved in the design of the Use Case Diagrims and class diagrams using Micrmosott Visio.
Reworked on a part of the GUIs to improve interface without affecting the performance of the
application.
Extended ASP.NET MVC 3 application by creating Views, Controller actions and Model classes.
Created unit tests to test action methods using Visual Stadio testing frmework.
Used Microsoft Entity Frimework Code First appmach for the Data Access Layer and defined
entities that are used for data access MVC application.
Used C#.NET as language to develop code behind business logic.

SE MOLASTICS

* Bachelor of Technology in Technology - June 2004(Jawaharlal Nehro Technological University)

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes