Dot Net Developer Phone: (123) 456 78.99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.gqwikresume.com
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Dot Net Developer with around 4 plus years of experience in design, development, coding and
testing of business/commercial applications using C#, ASP. Net, ADO. Net, Microsoft Enterprise
Library, SOAP, Web Services, Windows Service, WCF Services, MVC and SQL Experience in Object
Oriented Programming with Microsoft NET technologies such as .NET ASP.NET, C#, VB_NET.

1IS.DOM, XSL, XSLT, HTML 5, Java Seript, JSON, Razor. Bootstrap, Visual Studio, Net NHibemate,
ADO. Net, TFS and Entity Framework.

Skills

ASP.NET, ADO.NET, WPF, WCF, LINQ Languages: C, C++, C#. PL/SQL, TSQL Database: SQL
Server Oracle S1/10g Frameworks: .NET MVC Web Technology: HTML, XML, JavaSeript,
AngularJS, AJAX, CSS, SOAP, Web Services, Windows Service Server Platiorms: IIS Windows
Server SPI IDE: Microsoft Visual Studio .NET Reporting Services: Crystal Reports Version Control:
Tortoise SVN, MS-Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Visual Source Safe Operating Systems
Windows Unix

Work Experience

Dot Net Developer
Nutrisystem - September 2015 — Present
* Analyzing the business requirements and proposed asp. Net based front end and sql based
backend solutions.
* Interacting with the system users to identify and gather data required for processing.
* Designing and developing various abstract classes, interfaces. classes using object ortented
principles to construct the business logic using C#.
* Performing design and development of Asp.Net 4.5 web application using c# and separate user
Interface logic from the business logic.
* Implementing Asp.Net 4.5 validation controls to validate the user input on the server-side.
* Extensively using the CSS to provide flexible presentation, enabling multiple pages to share
formatting and reduce complexity and redundancy of the html pages.
* Enhancing pages with different Ajax controls which provided responsive user Interfaces to
display the data on the web page.

Dot Net Developer
Blackboard - February 2014 ~- August 2015
* Implemented crud functionality with entity framework tn Asp.Net MVC 4.0.
* Responsible for developing the reusable components on Ullviews) by developed the partial
views, view starts, and reusable components.
* Supported the deployment and upgraded of other related modules and applications.
* Regression testing of the application tn case of any upgrade and outages,
* Responsible to get sign-off from the customer for software fixes in case of support tickets and
design In case of minor enhancements:
* Replaced existing Infragistics 7. 1 controls with 15. 1 and supported [le. chrome and firefox}
browsers,
* Developed partial classes and custom action filters for exception handling.

© This Pree Resume Template ts the eapyright of Qwilcresumecom. Usage Guidelines