Robert Smith

Asst. Dotnet Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Total experience of 10+ years on Dotnet, worked as senior/lead Experience
in. developing applications using MVC 4.0 and MVC 5.0. Experience in
Creating and Consuming RESTful web services using WebApi2.0 Experience
in Windows Cornrmunication Foundation (WCF) Experience in Web Forms
prograrnming Experience in Windows Forms prograrnming Experience in
Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Experience in using Structure map
for Dependency Injection.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Asst. Dotnet Developer
Wayne County Treasurer's Office - July 2015 - 2020

Responsibilities:

Followed the N-tier Pattern, Separating the business, presentation and
data models.

Implemented Single Sign-On (SSO) Solutions to provide common
gateway for login.

Developed the project in agile methodology,

Involved in design the application by using various design patterns,
Worked with ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) with the SOL database.
Worked on designing and developing many excel based applications
called Macros in VB.net.

Made changes to existing user controls to add new fields (text boxes
and drop down controls) in Ul.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2014-2015

Re sponsibilities:

Project Bank of Arnerica (Remediation) Description Client is one of the
worlds largest Financial Service Provider.

Remediation project includes development of a Ul based application and
a workflow to translate the Instructions into actionable data/schedule
for BAU teams to capture additional Inforrnation needed for
Remediation.

Project used the latest Microsoft .Net technologies as much as possible
to engineer sophisticated systern needs of the client,

Project was developed on the .Net 4.0 frarnework using web services,
SSIS was used for moving the data between the end user and the client
databases.

Responsibilities Involved inthe developrnent and implementation cycles
of the project In C#. NET,

Consumed WCF services to validate the logged in users Effectively
created easy to use, reusable controls and integrated thern into ASRNET
web pages using C#.NET.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Presentation Foundation
(WPF) Experience in
using Structure map for
Dependency Injection.

Enalish (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing.
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)