Robert Ss m ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

. Website : www, qwikresume, com

Dot Net Developer (Retail) LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Dot Net Developer with around 5 plus years of experience in the Retail domain, experience the in
design, development, coding and testing of business/commercial applications using C#, ASP. Net,
ADO. Net, Microsoft Enterprise Library, SOAP, Web Services, Windows Service, WCF Services, MVC
and SQL. Proven ability in understanding system requirements, system architecture design,
development, testing/QA and production environment setup and support.

SKILLS

ASP.NET, ADO.NET, WPF, WCF, INQ Languages: C, C++, C#, SQL Database: SOL Server Oracle
9i/10g Frameworks: NET MVC Web Technology: HTML, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS, SOAP, Web
Services, Windows Service Server Platforms: IIS Windows Server SPI IDE; Microsoft Visual
Studio .NET Reporting Services: Crystal Reports Version Control: IBM Clear Case, Tortoise SVN,
MS-Team Foundation Server Operating Systems MS-DOS, UNIX, MVS, Sun Solaris, Windows

WORK EXPERIENCE

Dot Net Developer (Retail)
Walgreens - September 2014 - 2018

Involved in the development of web forms, classes using Asp.Net that incorporates both N.-tier
architecture, and database connectivity.
Involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design Samp; development of the project.

* Designed, developed and enhanced the application using. Net framework 4, 5 and visual
studio 2012.
Used dependency injection pattern to reduce the dependency coupling between classes and
in front end using angularjs.
Experienced in developing and enhancing web forms, master pages, user controls and custorn
controls by using html, css, and asp, Net controls,
Implemented server and client side validations using asp. Net validation controls and
avascript,
trees agile software development methodologies to enable efficient and effective high-
quality software development.

Dot Net Developer
Xerox - April 2013 - August 2014

* Implemented crud functionality with entity framework in Asp.Net MYC 4.0,

* Designed and coded the applications based upon detail specifications of business and/or user
requirements,

» Ensured the effective integration of software across products, platforms and environments.
Analyzed the existing applications to determine where problems occur and developed
possible solutions.

Assisted in creating the documentation of designs and solutions for assigned task,

Involved in creating the crm application front end using c#, asp, Net, myc, javascript, jquery,
bootstrap, entity framework, web services and ajax,

Involved in executing Ssis packages, powershell scripts, console apps, command line scripts
and stored procedures,

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines