Robert Smith

Lead Dotnet Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Certified Senior Systern Architect (PEGACSSA), Scrum Master, Agile
Methodology. Competent professional having around 10 years of experience
with around 3+ years of application development using PEGA PRPC BPM
tool and 6+ years of work experience using C#.Net, Java, C++, VC++,

MFC, VB.NET, SQL Server 2008, WCF,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Dotnet Developer

ABC Corporation -

September 2012 - August 2013

Re sponsibilities:

Involved in the SDLC phase of requirernent analysis, design, and
development of the web based Intranet application tool using ASRNET
and C#.

Graphical User Interface (GUI) designed using Views and the business
logic was coded In C#.

Developed business use cases, sequential, collaborative, activity and
class diagrarns for the enterprise presentation, and business and data
access components of the systern using UML,

Designed the source and applications under agile process.

Designed classes following OOP principles and implemented them in
snetin framework 3.5,

Responsible for unit testing and functional testing of application
EnvironmentC# 2.0.

Interacted with the client during requirernent gathering phase.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation- 2008 - 2012

Re sponsibilities:

SSC is one of the nations leading health care providers.

It is comprised of hospitals, medical centers.

Developed custom User Controls to reduce the complexity in Ul coding
and provide better look Samp; feel Implernented the business logic in
the middle ter using C#.NET Used Master Pages ternplates,

CSS&amp; Themes to define unified look and feel for the application
Creating and Managing Virtual Machines In Windows Azure and setting
up communication with the help of Endpoints and also VM Migrations
frorn Transitional hosts on Canada Boxes.

Adding the New Co-Admin and Managing the Co-Admins for all the
Subscriptions in the Windows Azure Platform,

Reengineered existing applications to N Tier web based application
using ASP. Net with C# as back end,

Used Design Patterns to separate the User Interface and the Business
Logic Involved in writing complex SQL Staternents, UDFs and Stored
Procedures, Indexes to validate data and ensure system Integrity and
security In SQL Server 2005(T-SQL) Implemented exception handling
and developed custom error pages Developed the back end layer for
© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
PEGA PRPC 6.X 7.X, C++
C# JAVA,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)