Robert Smith CONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

Alabarna
Dot NET Developer I (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Dot Net Developer! with around 7years of experience in IT industry with SKILLS”
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including design, development, C, C++, C# Stylus
testing and implementation of the projects. Experience in interacting with Studio,MS-FrontPage,
business analysts, gathering project requirements and discussing Zend Studio IDE,
implementation strategy with project managers, Silat 4.x, Flash
CS54/C53, Flex
WORK EXPERIENCE 3.x/2.*,IBM Rational
Modeler Web
Dot NET Developer | oliresnEeatsc oes Mvc,
Sprint Corporation Overland Park- February 2009 - Present ASP.NET. WCF, Web-
+ ’ ’ z3
Responsibilities: Services, XHTML, HTML,
= Using model view controller (MVC 4) architectural design patterns for HTMLS5, CSS3, SignalR,
the development of the product, Microsoft Active
* Understanding existing applications and accreditation business rules in Directory, IIS, MVC Razor
order to accurately implement existing business rules in SharePoint Scripting Languages
portal. XML, C55, JavaScript,
= Designing, developing and deploying the responsive web design (RWD) Databases MS oe
functionality in CGX using MVC 4.0 with Razor, kendo Ul, Knockouts, cia) eapeyal ye:

jasmine, Ajax, jQuery, C#, HTMLS, V9.1, V9.5, V9.7, V10.1,

* Implementing the client-side validations using jQuery and ASP.Net MVC era Data- 14, Naturaly
validation implemented at controller level, ADABAS Platforms :
» Involving in migrating the data from) SOA to restful services using &amp; Servers tS
ASRNet Web API. (Internet Information
= Implementing the interface whenever possible to enhance usability, Server), Visual Studio
testability and to increase performance. Windows |
» Designing front end using Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, jQuery, Javascript and NT/2K/XP,Unix, APACHE
Anqgular|S, 3.0/2, X, Programming
Area Web Applications,
Application Developer picks fae ops ae
ABC Corp ~ 2007 - 2009 integration, D %
Responsibilities; Design &amp;
=» Developed and prepared the documents for the general design of Programming
solutions that met system and security requirernents, including the Components Web Mobile
selection of alternative approaches, ASP.NET, MVC, Web API,
» Developed the specifications tor databases, cormmunication systems, HTMLS,DHTML,CSS,
hardware, network, security, storage and software configurations, Javascript, }Query,
* Developed structured diagrams for the specifications of databases, Angular}, JSON, AJAX,
communication systems, computer or storage area networks, security Bootstrap, XML, XSLT,

or network programs, XAML, SOAP, REST

» Developed, compiled, maintained and docurmented the configurations of

the databases, servers, computers, security and network monitor LANGUAGES

systems, packaged programs, macros, utilities, and communication

systems, ace .
. French (Professional

Worked on developing rich uifux pages using |query, java script, ajax, Spanish (Professional)

= Developed mvc web apis (rest services) as a service layer, asp. Net web
forms for front end.

» Thisis Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant
© This Erce Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines