Robert Smith

Sr .Net Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Sr .Net Developer with over 7+ years of experience In all the phases of
SBLC, working through Analysis, Design, Development, Testing,
Maintenance, and Documentation of Enterprise-level web and windows
applications using Microsoft Technologies. .Net professional with above 7
years of extensive experience developing applications using a Microsoft.Net
framework, C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, MS-SQL Server Web Services, Win Forrns
and Reporting Services.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr .Net Developer
Vertex Solutions inc - April 2015 - Present

Responsibilities:

Involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
including analysis, design, prograrnming, testing, and deployment.
Designed and developed an application using Angularjs, HTML5, C5S3,
SQL server 2024 and ASP.Net web API.

Created the application in. Net framework 4.5 and implement logic
using C# and oops concepts.

Created the application Ul using client-side technologies like Javascript,
Jquery, Angular JS, CSS3, HTMLS5, and Ajax.

Used AngularjS and typescript for control validations and data forrnat
checking.

Developed form validations on the server side and client side using
Angular|S,

Developing multiple new applications from scratch and supporting
multiple existing applications.

Senior .Net Developer
ABC Corp- 2011-2015

Responsibilities:

Researched new software development practices and use advanced
technologies In creating better tools for the company.

Served as the support developer for application requirernents.
Developed server-side code for internal and external web applications.
Wrote unit tests, automated regression tests and tracking defects as
they occur.

Developed applications using both C# .NET, utilizing the .NET MYC
frarnework.

Maintained a high level of security and code reusability.

Worked with clients to develop requirements documents and project
schedules,

Education
Bachelors- (2010)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

JavaScript, VB Script
HTML, DHTML, XML, CSS,
Angular|S Application
Servers

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Caoking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)