ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Dotnet Developer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Around 7+ years at experience in sottware development life cycle which includes Requirement
Study, Analysis, Design, Development, Integration, Re-Engineering, installation, implementation,
testing, configuration management, maintenance and production support of various client/server,
N-tier and web applications.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Testing, configuration management, Maintenance,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Dotnet Developer
ABC Corporation - January 2012 - February 2013

Key Deliverables:

» Participated in System Specification meetings, analysed user requirement, coordinated
with coders and team members,

* Followed Agile Methodology 16 produce high Quality sottware and satisfy the customers.

* Worked with Visual Studio 2012/10 NET Framework 3.5 for the development of Web
Pages.

» Developed Business Logic layer by implementing Object Onented Programming Language
(OOPs) leatures like Inheritance, Polymorphism, Abstraction and Encapsulation in C#.

* Extensively worked on User Interlace pages {.aspx) using HTML and Java Script and to
implement complex Business Rules and Validation of front end fons:

» Involved in designing and developing the GUI with various controts (Data Grid, Data List,
Textbox, Calendar, List Controls, Dropdown box, Validation Controls etc).

» KPMG provided audit, tax and advisory services and industry insight to help organizations
negotiate risks and perform in the dynamic and challenging environments in which they do
business,

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

» Humana provides health insurance plans and products lor individual using the HumanOne
application,

» HumanOne application & a web based application mainly deals with the generation of the
reports, product sell and Data: process far the end users Responsibilities Involved in
Maintenance / Enhancements of the application which includes developing the new
rapons,

* Involved in application development using Visual C#, ASP.NET 3.5 / Microsoft Enterprise
Patterns and Practices Framework’ SOL Database, LINO, WCF,

=» Used JSON Serialize in data contract of WCF to generate the data in JSON format.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines