Dotnet Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

8 years' experience in analysis, design, development, research and implementation of Software
Development Life cycle (SDLC), object oriented software systerns and development of Windows
Based, Web based, Client/Server and n-tier distributed applications Strong Technical expertise in
using Web Technologies like C#, ASP.

Skills

C#, Asp.Net, MVC, Sql Server, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX, WCF,

Work Experience

Dotnet Developer
ABC Corporation - August 2013 - August 2014

Responsible for Development of screens for capturing, retrieving and manipulating of data
using Sitecore (CMS).

Created server controls using C# and .NET frarnework classes,

Designed and developed middle tier database access objects using the Microsoft .NET
framework with C# .NET and ADO.NET.

Developed User controls and Custorn controls.

Designed, developed user interface look and feel and functionality for web users using XML,
HTML, JavaScript, DHTML, XHTML, CSS and using ASRNET and C#.NET.

Developed and designed Use Cases and Design documents,

Implemented MVW pattern In front-end using |Query and Angular.js.

Dotnet Developer
sacral scae ais 2012 - 2013

Description Micron Technology is 4 global leader in the sermiconductor industry,

For more than 35 years, Micron has dedicated Itself to collaborating with Custorners and
partners to engineer technology that drives Innovation and transforms whats possible.
Micron offers the industrys broadest portfolio of sillcon-to-serniconductor solutions - starting
with foundational DRAM, NAND, and NOR Flash memory, and extending to SSDs, modules,
MCPs, HMCs, and other semiconductor systems.

This best-in-class technology powers leading-edge computing, consumer, enterprise server
and storage, networking, embedded, automotive, industrial, and mobile products.As the only
U.S,

Based DRAM manufacturer, Micron leverages an expansive global footprint and proven
technology leadership to make It easier for custorners to try new things and gain cornpetitive
advantages in thelr markets.

Description Hill Physicians Is one of the oldest medical groups founded In 1984, has a long
history in managed healthcare.

With more than 3,500 physicians and other healthcare providers, Hill Physicians has the
largest network of Independent physicians in northern California,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines