JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Business Manager skillful in monitoring and managing daily business operations with focus on continuous improvement. Decisive and
analytical with 3-year history of successful industry and grant implementation performance. Adept at identifying optimal curricula,
developing lesson plans and aligning instruction with current learning goals. Good planner, problem-solver and analytical leader with strong

attention to detail and sound judgment focused on continuous improvement. Decisive, practical and strategic in leading operations and teams.

SKILLS
* Client Relationship Management ® Safety Procedures
¢ Policy Implementation © Operational Efficiency
¢ Project/Program Management © Strategic Networking
e Finance and Accounting Oversight e Site Coordination
¢ Sales and Marketing e Policy and Program Development
¢ Issue Resolution e Admissions Support
¢ Focus and Follow-Through © Policy and Procedure Enforcement
¢ Budget Creation e Program Analysis
e Regulatory Compliance * Quality Assurance
« Business Leadership e At-Risk Student Intervention
¢ Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Summary Reports
« Employee Scheduling e Multicultural Leadership
Work History
10/2019 to Current Health Education Program Coordinator

04/2020 to Current

01/2019 to 05/2021

EpucatIon

04/2024

12/2018

CERTIFICATIONS

North East Medical Service — San Jose, CA

e Designed and implemented educational programs and events such as Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Classes for
children and adults and Reading courses implemented through golf for children.

e Entered course assignments and training plans in Paylocity system.

e Trained faculty and staff to develop courses in Learning Management System (LMS).

e Managed educational program budget and prepared quarterly reports for our funders.

¢ Supported admissions process through application review and student registration.

e Conducted surveys with students upon course completion to gather feedback for improvement.

e Attended continuing education workshops to enhance skills and apply new managerial methodologies.

e Directed day-to-day operations of education program and supervised support staff to delegate assignments and
evaluate performance.

¢ Interacts with participants and monitors equipment and participant safety.

e Assists with development and/or delivery of variety of health and wellness activities and promotions.

e Enrolls new participants and conducts facility, program and equipment orientations.

e Promotes program offerings and conducts outreach activities to increase participation.

« Maintains participant files and database.

¢ Performs facility maintenance responsibilities; ensures facility and equipment and are stocked at all times.

e Maintain program calendar including scheduling all classes, meetings, setting up conference calls, etc.

e Prepare presentations and project related presentations; taking minutes of meetings for distribution to management
and other constituents as required.

e Establishes accessible and supportive relationships with vendors, partners, and participating organizations.

e Conducts assessments and maintains accurate records, data integrity and/or quality input into CATS database as
required for program.

e Assists with program events planning as necessary and assists with mass electronic and print mailings as required.

e Facilitates meeting room set-up/ break-down and orders supplies, or food/beverage/condiments as required.

e Ensures personal and facility appearance meet standards for scheduled activities.

¢ Projects and other duties as assigned.

¢ Developed partnerships with parents, businesses and organizations to build awareness, increase support and share
resources.

e Designed or used assessments to monitor student learning outcomes.

¢ Maintained program files, records, databases and websites to gather research and prepare and submit quarterly
reports.

¢ Checked on instructor lessons and communication in order to assess quality of education and assistance offered to
students.

e Acquired grants and other sources of funding for educational programs and projects and drafted proposals and
agreements to support proper allocation.

© Coordinated and managed internal projects and assignments to deliver seamless rollout.

e Cultivated project timelines, documentation, processes and updates to develop and manage tactical plans.

© Collaborated closely with upper management to drive strategy through development and implementation of new
processes.

¢ Communicated and explained business requirements to team members to understand and implement functional
demands.

¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

Business Manager
Vitas Healthcare — San Antonio, TX

¢ Communicated with customers and vendors positively with particular attention to problem resolution.

e Oversaw office operations for organization by processing vital documentation, obtaining insurance verification and
authorization for services.

¢ Implemented automation strategies for office operations, correspondence management, schedule coordination and
recordkeeping.

e Brought in new business connections and revenue generation opportunities by improving networking strategies.

e Reduced or eliminated different types of financial discrepancies by improving documentation and reporting
accuracy for budget and operational controls.

e Trained new employees on proper protocols and customer service standards.

e Assisted in recruiting, hiring and training of team members.

e Interacted well with employees and customers to build connections and nurture relationships.

¢ Handled problematic customers and clients to assist lower-level employees and maintain excellent customer
Service.

e Tracked employee attendance and punctuality, addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent long-term habits.

e Drafted invoices for completed work.

¢ Promoted positive customer experience through day-to-day supervision and management of class facility.

e Negotiated price and service with customers and vendors to decrease expenses and increase profit.

¢ Built loyal account base and long-term business relationships with all accounts.

© Coordinated leadership workshops to educate team members on best practices to optimize productivity.

e Identified and qualified customer needs and negotiated and closed profitable projects with high success rate.

Administrative Assistant
Oklahoma Mental Health Council — El Reno, OK

e Answered multi-line phone system, routing calls. delivering messages to staff and greeting visitors.

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.

¢ Scheduled office meetings and client appointments for staff teams.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct activities and
communicate instructions.

e Generated reports and typed letters in Word and prepared PowerPoint presentations.

¢ Handled client correspondence and tracked records to foster office efficiency.

© Developed and updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze and report on performance and sales data.

¢ Supported efficient meetings by organizing spaces and materials, documenting discussions and distributing meeting
notes.

Master of Science: Medical Administration
Rasmussen College - Lake Elmo, MN

Bachelor of Science: Health And Wellness Management
Rasmussen College - Lake Elmo, MN

e Dean's List 2018 and 2019
¢ Honoree of High Honors

© Certificate in Grant Writing, NonProfit Leadership - April 2022-May 2022