PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

®@ San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« Passionate professional with over 5 years’ experience in finance, marketing, and management.
Enthusiastic to work in a fast- paced, high, growth, dynamic environment. Excited to join NerdWallet and
provide clarity for all life's financial decisions.

« Program Management Finance

« Communications Microsoft Suites

« Leadership Cross-functions

e Areas e Executing company policies and procedures,
« Oversaw and analyzed numerical information, and to provide superior customer service.
typing correspondence, memos, and reports. e Executed weekly sales ads and price changes:
« Applied state and federal codes, rules. and processed recalled, damaged, outdated, and
procedures to ensure accurate creation and transferred merchandise.
progression of Indiana UI claims. « Received merchandise deliveries from vendors
« Communicated effectively with claimants, and Dollar Emporium distribution centers;
vendors, and other DWD sections to resolve verified vendor invoice
complex aspects of claim progress e Information was accurate and entered vendor

« And the payment of benefits. invoices into the accounts receivable system.
e¢ Lead and/or participate in projects outside ofthe ¢ Prepared the retail store for physical inventory

scope of your department, as assigned by by ensuring merchandise on the sales floor and
manager. in the stock, room was in order

e« CYP Assistant e« And easy to access.

e« MWR (NAF) | JBPHH, HI e Advising on the best way to structure a team and

« April 2019 - December 2020 building relationships or provided insight into

e Provided appropriate developmental care and talent density to influence
instruction for child and youth ranging from 2to « Decisions.

5 years. e Train new hires on company policies and

e Worked under the direction of the supervisor, procedures and us the best training methods for
who provided guidance on the scope of a specific purpose or audience.
assignments and assistance on more e Administrative Assistant

¢« Complex, non-routine problems. e U.S. Army | Fort Jackson, SC January 2015 -

e Designed schedules and activity plans, ensured April 2015
that program plans, and activities incorporate e Planned, coordinating, and carried out the
the observed needs of efficient day-to-day clerical and administrative

e Individual children and youth. activities for senior-level

« Oversaw the creation and implementation of e Executives and support staff.
inclusion education. e¢ Performed work of a highly confidential nature,

e Demonstrated, instructed, lead, and facilitated, requiring solid judgment, precision and care
and planned/implemented spontaneous program regarding details and follow-up
activities. e Reviewed and processed incoming and outgoing

« Prepared for yearly inspections to make sure correspondence, reports, and other materials
our facility was in compliance with established submitted for the supervisor's
safety and occupational health e Signature.

e Policies or standards and to identify potential e Received and screened all publications,
new hazards. regulations, and directives directed to the

« Provides care and supervision, oversight, and supervisor and brought to their attention
accountability for program participants in e Those elements affecting the supervisor's area
accordance with the Department of of jurisdiction.

e Defense (DoD), NAF. e Sales Consultant/Cashier

e« Pharmacy Technician e Nina's Boutique | Moss Point, MS

e Long's Drugs (CVS) | Honolulu, HI e May 2012 - January 2015

« November 2018 - January 2019 e Performed cashier duties at a high-end fashion

e« Reported directly to the pharmacist on duty and store for men and women.
worked with them to fill medications quickly and «© Managed multiple priorities and processes, while
efficiently. also staying up to date on retail marketplace.

« Answered all phone calls pertaining to e Provided logistics/travel for Nina's Boutique.
prescriptions and insurance in a friendly and e Provided superior customer service by greeting
efficient manner. and acknowledging customers in a professional

e Provided support services such as circulating manner, quickly assessing
and processing materials and searching e Their needs, and providing assistance.
databases. ¢ Created a profitable and engaging sales floor

e Retrieved patient information and data from experience, ensuring that no customer was left
various automated systems. underserved through effective

e Processed all prescription orders for customers Floor leadership, and ensured proper
and collected payment at the pick-up station merchandising and display functionality.
located in the front of the e Demonstrated the ability to handle multiple

« Pharmacy. customers in a fast-paced environment.

e Assisted with inventory management, including ¢ Worked closely with HR to coordinate training for
verification of quantities. storage, removal of employee onboarding procedures or individual
outdated medications, and departments.

e Restocking pharmaceuticals in short supply to « ADDITIONAL SKILLS
prevent being out of stock.

e Applied safety and occupational health laws,
regulations, principles, theories, practices, and
procedures.

e Senior Associate

« Dollar Emporium | D'lberville, MS

e =April 2015 - March 2016

e Assisted the Store Manager with the operation of
the retail store, in order to maximize profit and
loss (P&L) performance by

LONG TERM SUBSTITUTE/SPECIAL EDUCATION AIDE 09/2022 to CURRENT
Department Of Veterans Affairs | Oakland Park, FL

e Provided long-term instruction for middle school students throughout tenure, managing teacher's
instructions and classroom management/guidelines

e Prepared students with the necessary learning material they need to be successful

e Maintained a healthy rapport with not only the teachers but the students as well

e Supported teachers and assisted special-needs students with classroom learning, task execution, and
language expansion

e Implemented school policies, teacher guidelines, and student IEPs to ensure student safety and
achievement of all learning outcomes

e Identified opportunities to improve language experience for students.

CIOLIAN PAYROLL TECHNICIAN 04/2021 to 07/2022
DFAS | City, STATE

e Preformed solutions for payroll, travel, audits, pay benefits. and entitlements issues for an agency or
organization

e Responsible for processing financial and accounting transactions using standardized procedures

e Reviewed financial and accounting systems information documents for accuracy completeness

e Input all information from documentation into dcps, remedy, and xcodes systems

e Achieved knowledge of payroll systems. to include timekeeping systems, which support payroll and
accounting operations for DFAS

e Communicated effectively with clients and the civilian pay team to ensure that all payments and debts
have been properly processed in a timely manner

e Demonstrated ability to multi-task on assignments and adhere to deadlines

e Lead through ambiguity, ability to work cross-functionally to overcome challenges.

SFOCIAL CLAIMS SPECIALIST 03/2021 to 04/2021
Workforce Development | City, STATE
e Responsible for processing, collecting, maintenance, investigation, and coordination related to the

establishment,
e Unemployment Insurance, Combined Wages/Combined Wage transfer claims.

Bachelor’s | Communications (concentration Public Relations MAY 2021
Southern New Hampshire University

Ac demy TESOL Certificate DECEMBER 2019
International Open

Ph rmacy Technician Certification SEPTEMBER 2016
Roxbury Community College

Hig.» School Diploma MAY 2014
D'Iberville High School

« Micro Soft Suites, Adobe Suites, DCPS, Xcodes, Slack, Zoom, G-Suite

« Analytics, Data Entry, Advertising, eCommerce, programming Internal communications preferred.
Robust written and verbal communication experience. Track record of successfully building trust cross-
functionally and across a company. Experience with autonomous end-to-end program development and
management. The ability to demonstrate the business and cultural impact of your work