PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Versatile and resilient Special Education Teacher familiar with challenges associated with teaching special

needs students. Remains positive under times of stress or conflict. Works well with classroom teachers to
develop accommodations with focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional
development. Empathetic and accommodating in design and implementation of hands-on lessons and
catering to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing constant communication, patience and positive
reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools, fostering academic achievement.

« Conflict resolution techniques e Differentiated instruction

e Student records management ¢ Transitional Assistance

e Classroom management e Group and individual instruction
¢ Disability assessment testing ¢ Child development

« Lesson Planning

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 12/2021 to CURRENT
Adams County School District 50 | Westminster, CO

« Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques
and technologies.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction fo range of neurodiverse students.

e Instructed students with physical and cognitive disabilities.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

« Designed and implemented point system to encourage positive behavior.

« Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

« Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

« Taught reading, language arts and social sciences in self-contained ED and LD classroom.

« Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHERILIAISON 09/2001 to 11/2021
Adams County School District 50 | Westminster, CO

e Provide direct services - substantially separate high school setting

e Co-Teacher/English Grades 9-12.

e Wilson Reading Levels 1-6

e Writing and implementing curriculum Common Core Standards.

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques
and technologies.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies and apply
instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Developed transitional plans for post-high school

e Wilson Reading with individual students

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

e Assisted and implementation of transitional planning for post-high school

¢ Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

SFQOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 09/1994 to 06/1995
Adams County School District 50 | Westminster, CO

e Supervision of paraprofessionals IEP development; Case Management for a variety of special needs.

e Academic testing and interpretation.

« Write and implement Individualized Education Plans and 504 Plans.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies and apply
instructional knowledge and methods to support goals

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading group

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques
and technologies

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to a range of neurodiverse students

« Completed intensive leadership training and provided training to colleagues on applied behavior
analysis

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 09/1997 to 07/1998
Adams County School District 50 | Westminster, CO

e Implemented and taught life skills program, enabling students to master such tasks as checkbook
balancing and laundry.

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.

e Taught reading, language arts, and social sciences in self-contained ED and LD classrooms.

e Designed and implemented a point system to encourage positive behavior.

e Worked with students with moderate to severe autism to increase life skills.

e Created learning and content strategies to meet the needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

e Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to a range of neurodiverse students

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs

e Taught reading, language arts, and social sciences in self-contained ED and LD classroom

e Taught multiple subjects to students with intellectual or emotional disabilities

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 09/1993 to 06/1995
Adams County School District 50 | Westminster, CO

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

e Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

e Organized instruction material, including constructing bulletin boards and setting up work areas.

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.

e Partnered with standard education teachers from across academic departments.

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 09/1992 to 06/1993
The Kolburne School | City, STATE

e Engagement and created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational
strategies and apply instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement and record student
progress to inform parents and school administration.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement.

e Taught reading. language arts, and social sciences in self-contained ED and LD classrooms.

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 07/1990 to 06/1993
Company Name | City, State

e Teacher of the year (1992)

e Self-contained classroom teacher grades 1-12

¢ Writing and implementing Individualized education plans

e Crisis intervention

e Working with emotionally and psychiatric impaired adolescents ages 7-19

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

e Led activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Taught multiple subjects to students with intellectual or emotional disabilities.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

e Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Created learning and content strategies to meet needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

e Worked with students with moderate to severe autism to increase life skills.

e Communicated nonverbally with children to provide comfort, encouragement and positive reinforcement.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement.

Professional Development
University of Colorado - Pueblo, Pueblo, Colorado
e Continuing education in Educational strategies

e Earned 45 credits beyond a Masters Degree
Straight "A" student

Mister of Science | Special Education, Moderate Special Needs 12/1994
Westfield State University, Westfield, MA

Ba ohelor of Science | Special Education, Moderate Special Needs 05/1990
Springfield College, Springfield, MA

CREDENTIALS State of Massachusetts Elementary (1-6); Moderate Disabilities (5-12); and Special Needs
(N-9) Professional Status
Wilson Reading Level One