ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL ©

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY (©

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

« Twenty three years educational experience in a public school setting with a reputation for passionate
teaching and excellent classroom management skills with a student centered focus

« Five years Principal/Assistant Principal

e« Head Coach of the 2019 State Champs Mogollon Lady Mustang Basketball Team

« 2019 1A Conference Coach of the Year

e« 1998 Parker Rotary Teacher of the Year

« 2007 John J Ross Award Recipient for Teaching excellence

« 23 Seasons with U.S. Forest Service Wildland Fire Organization

« Currently serving as 1A AIA Basketball Sport Advisory Committee Member.

« Board member for Heber Domestic Water Improvement District, 2004-Present.

Motivated teaching professional with 23 years experience addressing student needs and ensuring proper
student development.

e Program development and management ¢ Positive learning environment
e Standards of excellence e Test proctoring
e Policy development and enforcement e Classroom discipline
e Relationship building and networking e Student motivation
e Managing classroom for diverse populations ¢ Positive reinforcement
e Strong collaborator e Student-centered learning
e Experience with special-needs students ¢ Creative questioning
PRINCIPAL K-6 /DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL EDUCATION 07/2019 to CURRENT

Heber/Overgaard School District | City, STATE

e Established positive, stimulating learning environment for students and exciting education-focused
setting for teachers.

e Supported human resources operations, including hiring, training, disciplinary action and termination in
compliance with legal guidelines and requirements.

e Interviewed, hired, supervised and assisted all school employees and offered feedback through positive
methods.

e Built productive relationships with parents of students facing difficult situations at school or at home.

e Trained teachers on effective teaching techniques, classroom management strategies and behavior
modification.

e Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

e Modeled expected and appropriate leadership to promote teaching staff and administrative personnels
positive interaction with students and families.

¢ Monitored and evaluated educational programs to maintain high-quality performance objectives and
standards.

« Met with and reported monthly to local school board

Special Education Director

e Used IEPPRO to maintain student records and prepare reports.

e Evaluated special education staff through classroom observation, feedback and recommendations.

¢ Collaborated with Behavior intervention Specialist to conduct behavioral assessments and intervention
plans for students.

¢ Coordinated with outside state agencies to acquire services for special needs children.

e Supported 31 general education teachers and administrators in implementing strategies to meet needs
of students with IEPs.

e Led and managed child study teams to develop interventions to support students academically and
socially.

DICTRICT INSTRUC TIONAL/DATA COACH 08/2017 to 05/2019
Heber/Overgaard Schools | City, STATE

e Reviewed formative and summative data and information from diagnostic tests to accurately assess
students.

e Maintained confidentiality while recording and keeping detailed track of student performances.

e Assessed students through diagnostic tests, in addition to formative and summative data.

e Coached teachers to improve practices through professional development and modeling instructional
strategies.

e Analyzed student data, diagnosed instructional needs and identified research-based instructional
strategies.

e Built and maintained positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues and administrators.

e Developed staff members' attitudes, skills, and knowledge through various professional development
targeted topics.

e Provided subject matter expertise on all courses, materials and lesson plans.

e Met diverse student population needs by planning and implementing lessons with wide variety of
teaching strategies.

ASOISTANT PRINCIPAL/SIXTH GRADE TEACHER ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL 2010 to 03/2017
Capps Elementary School | City, STATE

e Kindergarten through 6th grade.

e Conducted formal certified teacher evaluations, teacher walk-throughs, administered student discipline,
conducted Beyond Textbooks presentations to School Board, teacher groups and parent organizations.

e Successfully implemented Beyond Textbooks curriculum through collaboration with parents,
administrators, and fellow teachers.

e Used differentiated instruction and both formative and summative assessments to evaluate student
work.

e Continuously showed growth through reteach and enrich activities geared toward student achievement.

¢ Daily utilization and proficiency in use of Promethean board in bringing about student learning.

e Instrumental in utilization of Galileo testing within classroom, assisted and trained other teachers in the
program.

e Analyzed student data from different sources and used information to drive future instruction.

e Collaborated with fellow teachers daily with exchange of positive teaching strategies used to bring about
learning within school.

e Fostered a classroom environment conducive to learning and promoting excellent student/teacher
interaction.

e Created positive student relationships through fun and motivating activities such as

JUIOR HIGH SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER 2003 to 05/2009
Heber/Overgaard School District | City, STATE

e Provided students with insight into our country's culture, heritage and their rights as individual citizens
through well planned student centered lessons.

e Encouraged knowledge of current events through daily recognition of news events.

e Use of creative questioning techniques to bring about student learning.

e Directed eighth grade students in We the People/Project Citizen Programs-State Champs 2004.

e Recipient of John J. Ross Award.

M.D. | Education Administration 2006
Grand Canyon University, Phoenix, AZ

Ba helor of Science | Education 1996
Western New Mexico University, Silver City, NM

Education

AsCociate of Arts | Education 1993

Northland Pioneer College, Snowflake, AZ

« Five years as committee chair on site based school improvement committee *Communicate with children
and parents warmly and diplomatically “Deeply committed to high quality education for children *Taught
two periods a day of seventh and eighth grade physical education at Mogollon Jr. High school,
2002-2009-Parker Unified School District-K-3 Teacher Organized and instructed students in
developmentally appropriate learning activities in the areas of sports and fitness. Cultivated an
environment of team work and cooperation among students *Coached the following sports: Head Varsity
Girls Coach-Five seasons (overall record 101-28)2019 State Champs, Assistant Varsity high school
boys basketball-seven seasons, Jr High head boys' basketball-six seasons. head Jr. High boys track-
thirteen seasons, High School Cross Country -two seasons *Enthusiastic volunteer within community
and church youth groups *Community volunteer. Served ten years as the community 4H leader
“American Red Cross First Aid and CPR Certified *Possess class B Commercial Drivers License
*Currently employed as a summer employee with the U.S. Forest Service. Trusted with supervisory
duties. Twenty-one seasons of service on their wild land fire crews *Eagle Scout *Possess good sense
of humor