JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-qualified Training Specialist adept at planning and implementing onsite and remote training programs. Authoritative and clear
communicator with a charismatic style and insightful approach. Pursuing new professional opportunities with room for advancement.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

2020-2021 Junior League of Sacramento Provisional of the Year
2020-2021 Arts Committee Chair , OUO Chapter,

Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.

2021-2022 Inclusion, Diversity and Training Chair,

Junior League of Sacramento, CA

SKILLS

e Elementary education e Training Materials
« Lesson Planning e Training Programs
e Planning and Coordination * Scheduling
* Course Planning e Employee coaching
e Staff Management ¢ Workshop coordination
e Conference planning e Public speaking
¢ Meeting planning e Online training experience
e Team Leadership e Group and individual instruction
* Volunteer Management ® Secondary education
¢ Health education e Middle school education
e Group Instruction e Student records management
¢ Teamwork © Training & Development
¢ Differentiated instruction e Project Management
e Group and individual instruction © Leadership
* Classroom management © Verbal and written communication
e Lesson implementation ¢ Multitasking abilities
e Program implementation e Responsible

Work HIsToRY

Education , 07/1998 - Current
Gulf Bend Ctr — Victoria, TX
¢ Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.
+ Edit or add your own
e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.
¢ Organized instruction material, including constructing bulletin boards and setting up work areas.
¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).
e Taught reading, language arts and social sciences in self-contained ED and LD classroom.
¢ Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.
¢ Designed and implemented point system to encourage positive behavior.
¢ Instructed students with physical and cognitive disabilities.
e Partnered with standard education teachers from across academic departments.
e Worked with students with moderate to severe autism to increase life skills.
* Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.
* Collaborated with students with multiple degrees of special needs to accomplish various tasks.
¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
¢ Taught multiple subjects to students with intellectual or emotional disabilities.
e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans focused on areas for improvement.
* Led activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.
¢ Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

Educator, 08/1995 - 06/1998
North East Medical Service — San Leandro. CA
e Chose materials and developed lesson plans to enhance skills for individual students.
* Collaborated with adults and children to provide safe and educational experience.
¢ Monitored and assessed understanding of difficult concepts and adjusted lesson accordingly.
e Managed classroom activities, parent conferences, and lesson plans.
e Assumed leadership roles in classes and summer activities.
¢ Developed and implemented engaging lesson plans to keep learmer attention.
e Differentiated instruction to meet needs of diverse learners.
¢ Implemented Technique and Technique to engage students, increasing classroom collaboration in Type subject area.
¢ Designed detailed learning plans for struggling students based on test, homework and assignment records.
¢ Modified lessons and curriculum to accommodate diverse learners by using strategies such as peer-assisted learning and group work.
e Assessed and looked after Number students by working closely with staff and efficiently planning and coordinating work.
« Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss instructional strategies.
¢ Adapted teaching methods and lesson plans to changing student needs to increase classroom participation by Number%.
¢ Scheduled conferences with parents to discuss students’ progress and classroom behavior.
* Created schedules and lesson plans for Number-grade Area of expertise classes to increase student interest and participation.
e Maintained accurate and complete records for Number students.
+ Edit or add your own
¢ Participated in department meetings to provide input to colleagues about student achievement and improvement.
© Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.
¢ Boosted cultural awareness by incorporating children's literature from world cultures.
e Assisted students of all ability levels develop life-long learning skills and good study habits.
e Implemented reading and writing workshops to increase student literacy and support school reading programs.
¢ Developed and implemented classroom routines to address varying student needs.
© Met with students, parents and administrators to address and resolve students’ behavioral and academic issues.
* Completed student progress reports on Timeframe basis to notify students and parents of strengths and areas of improvement.
* Created and developed lesson plans according to students' academic needs, including both group and individual work.
e Prepared quizzes, tests and examinations to gauge how well students were learning.
e Fostered student curiosity and interest through creative hands-on activities, including Action and Action.
¢ Worked with staff members and teachers to design comprehensive and individualized plans to optimize student education.
¢ Prepared Type and Type tests and quizzes to determine student comprehension.

HIV Prevention Test Counselor & Educator, 09/1993 - 05/1995
Contra Costa County Health Services — City, STATE
© Helped vulnerable individuals navigate complex healthcare system.
* Contacted clients in person, by phone or in writing to ascertain compliance with required or recommended actions.
e Targeted specific community groups with wellness and disease management information.
e Wrote and distributed informational materials on chronic diseases, infant mortality, substance abuse and other community health concerns.
¢ Managed enrollment, transportation and paperwork for individuals to take advantage of community resources.
* Developed and implemented training classes to educate team members and community residents.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Led projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
e Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications.
e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
e Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.
e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.

« Managed team of number employees, overseeing hiring, training, and professional growth of employees.

Health Education Program Coordinator , 08/1992 - 09/1993
City Of Berkeley California — City, STATE
e Evaluated success of training programs and recommended improvements to upper management to enhance effectiveness.
¢ Provided recommendations for process improvements and discontinuation of ineffective or outdated methods.
¢ Coordinated travel arrangements for trainers.
© Worked with central management to identify, plan, align and address training needs.
« Liaised between trainers and course participants.
® Created curricula, instructions, documents and written tests for various types of training courses.
¢ Gathered data about course success and participant experiences to help with future course planning.
e Assessed personnel performance and implemented incentives and team-building events to boost morale.
e Led comprehensive staff member training covering key topics.
e Selected and ordered refreshments, decor and event materials.
e Assisted in content development for events, drafting and distributing promotional materials.
e Supported events execution and venue set up and tear down.
* Contributed to social media outreach initiatives, including content development and management.
e Contacted vendors, venue and stakeholders as directed and in professional manner.
e Participated in planning meetings, including distributing agenda and taking minutes.
¢ Delivered smooth training execution by coordinating seminar functions, including site selection, scheduling, marketing, reservations,

materials. event management and follow-up.

EDUCATION

MALDT: Learning Design And Technology , 06/2022
Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI

MPH- Master Of Public Health: Public Health Education
San Jose State University - San Jose, CA

Multiple Subjects Teaching Credential
Chapman University - Travis AFB, CA

Bachelor Of Arts: Sociology-Social Welfare
University of California - Davis - Davis, CA
e Minored in Special Education

AFFILIATIONS

Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 1995-present
NAACP. Life Member

American Association of University Women
Junior League of Sacramento

California Teacher’s Association

UCDAVIS Alumni Association