JESSE KENDALL

123 Elm Street = Miami, FL 33183 « 305.555.5555 » jkendallé@notmail.com

DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION

History of success in curriculum development, staff leadership, regulatory compliance, and student growth.

Results-oriented and accomplished professional experienced in oversecing academic affairs and developing /
implementing efficiency improveMent Measures across core organizational functions. Strengths in strategic planning,
budget managelMent, process evaluation, and program development. Proven ability to motivate teachers and students
toward higher achievement; demonstrated excellence in the supervision and leadership of subordinates. Dedicated to
helping students reach their full potential, regardless of learning style. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite.

CORE COMPETENCIES
« Staff'Teacher Training * Employee Management « Instructional Strategies
* Conflict Resolution « Performance Evaluation « Behavioral Management
* Program Development « Team Building * Student Confidentiality

PROFESSIONAL EXCELLENCE

ABC COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY, Miami, FL, 20xx — Present

Director of Education

Supervise all academic affairs of a $3 million / year private college campus with over 500 students. Direct curriculum delivery,
schedule course offering and manage record keeping functions. Accountable for hiring, supervising and training academic staff’
and instructors. Communicate daily with faculty, staf}, instructors and students regarding academic, curricula, policy and
procedural matters. Provide career counseling, monitor student satisfaction / retention, and enforce the institution's academic
standards of pragress.

* Developed training manual for all faculty members that has been distributed to all campuses and delivered training
sessions regarding operational policies and best practices.

* Implemented improved student orientation processes.

* Established new procedures for increasing accreditation accountability on all campuses.

* Organized graduation ceremonies and the ABHES accreditation visit.

* Instrumental in ensuring smooth campus operations; serve as “go-to” person for conflicts and problems of any kind.

BCD MELICAL INSTITUTE, Miami, FL, 20xx — 20xx

Director of Education

Directed Office of Registrar, Student Services, Library, Bookstore and Faculty departments. Accountable for all faculty
recruitment, hiring, coaching, training and professional development initiatives.

* Facilitated all-staff training with Sitwation Leadership and Who Moved My Cheese methodologies and strategies.

* Completed ACCSCT accreditation annual report within first week of hire.

* Revised new student orientation process.

*  Single-handedly developed implementation process for new medical assistance program with ACCSCT and State of
Florida (NPEC).

EDUCATION

Pursuing PhD in Curriculum and Teaching, XYZ University, Miami, FL
MBA in Global Management, University of XYZ, Miami, FL
Post Graduate Studies in Education, XYZ Intercontinental University, Miami, FL
BBA in Management, XYZ Schoo! of Learning, Miami, FL