JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Education professional driven to create an environment that promotes hands-on learning for children at all stages of the learning
process.Friendly and energetic director with 12 years in assistant teaching in both public and private classroom environment. Motivated
professional with extensive knowledge of the private education system and educational testing standards. Exceptional communicator with
advanced problem-solving skills. Motivated to help students learn and be happy, healthy and well-behaved.

HicuHuicutTs

. es

© Certified in Early Childhood Education e First Aid and CPR Certified

¢ Proficient in childcare management software e Classroom management

e Arts and crafts e Strong communicator

« Classroom management ¢ Calm and patient

e 9 years as summer camp counselor

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Created a tutoring program for students with diagnosed learning disabilities. Promoted to Director after 9 months of employment.Trained 19
other private school staff members.Founded and led a comprehensive after school enrichment program at VBCA.Designed and conducted a
professional development workshop in "Supervising Students" for VBCA staff in July 2009 Received “Certificate of Appreciation” in 2008.

EXPERIENCE

07/2007 to Current Director of Christian Education
Ymca Of Greater Boston Inc — Needham, MA
¢ Responsibilities Oversee and manage daily operations of the Private School within the Church ministry; including
choosing curriculum and implementing programs of Christian education for those families of the faith community
who request it.
¢ I also have the opportunity to work one on one with students- facilitating learning in a quiet, positive environment
that I helped to create.
e Accomplishments: I have successfully assisted students from Preschool to High school reach their academic
potential.
e Ihave successfully assisted families in their search for an alternative to public education.
e We average 90 percent of our students going to college from high school graduation.
e Since I took over as Director, we have achieved "Model School Status" four years in a row.
¢ I also, as Director, was able to help the Academy earn a certification of Accreditation from the National
Association of Private Schools.
e This was something that had not been achieved since the school opened in 1979.
e Skills Used My strongest skill is that of working one on one with a student who needs assistance with learning.
e I have specific training from Accelerated Christian Education on how to best utilize their curriculum.
e The other teachers here come to me for advice when they have problems they need solving.
e IT enjoy helping them find solutions to help children and their families.
I maintain daily records of all student's individual activities, progression through the curriculum, behaviors, meals, and
spiritual as well as physical fitness and development. I create and implement developmentally-appropriate programs that
address all learning styles. I have established a safe play environment for the children. I distribute quarterly educational
assessments, similar to report cards, to each parent. help to maintained a child-friendly environment with access to
outdoor activities. I incorporate music, art and theater into lesson planning. I complete all required documentation for
the program I help children reach milestones in the area of self-care, and self-directed learning I have developed
professional relationships with parents, teachers, directors, health care workers and therapists. I work closely with the
Head Administrator, family care workers, classroom teaching team and other specialists.I collaborate with colleagues on
developing new classroom projects and monthly themes. We daily observe children for signs of illness, injury, emotional
disturbance, learning disorders and speech problems.

07/2004 to 05/2007 Preschool Teacher
Ymca Of Greater Boston Inc — Woburn, MA

e Responsibilities Teach preschool.

e Planning fun, engaging, daily learning activities around specific criteria for ages 2-4 years.

e Accomplishments Working together with another teacher in the classroom to provide a high-quality preschool
experience for 2-4year old children.

e Skills Used I successfully met the goals that were set for me by the Director of the preschool.

e I enjoyed the implementation of programs and used my skills in documenting progression of learning for each
individual child placed in my care.

07/1991 to 03/1993 Preschool Teacher
Headstart Child And Family Services — City, STATE

e Teach preschool.

¢ Planning fun, engaging, daily learning activities around specific criteria for ages 2-4 years.

e Accomplishments During this time, I was completing my CDA certification, and earning college credit hours for
Early childhood education.

e Skills Used I achieved my personal goal of completing my Child Development Associate as well as meeting the
goals that were set for me by the Director of the preschool.

¢ I enjoyed the implementation of programs and used my newly acquired skills in documenting progression of
learning for each individual child placed in my care.

EpucaTIoNn

2017 B.A: Liberal Arts Special Education/Christian Ministries
John Brown University - Fort Smith, AR
Currently pursuing a Liberal Arts Degree
Special Education/Christian Ministries

CDA in Early Childhood Development

Council for Early Childhood Professional Recognition -

Beebe, AR
SKILLS

Academic, Capable Director, High-Quality, Focused, Professional