PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| have been working with students for 3 years. | am hardworking, diligent and ready to handle any task that
comes my way. I'm a great team leader. | believe punctuality and professionalism is a big key role in workplace
success. Detail-oriented Driven Adaptable A natural at modeling positive behavior and assisting students in
developing self-disciplined habits. Encouragement and compassion from a professional who is friendly and
adaptable. Excellent track record of resolving issues, increasing customer satisfaction, and driving overall
operational improvements. Committed Positive role model who quickly establishes rapport with students.
Performance-based. Personable Successful in establishing long-term relationships with students, parents,
and coworkers.

e Special education e Teacher Support
¢ Social development and integration e Mentoring students
e Educational assistance e Grading assignments
e —Interdisciplinary team collaboration e Student Supervision
e Classroom management e Student safety
EDUCATION ASSISTANT 08/2021 to CURRENT

lowas Of Oklahoma | Chandler, OK

e« Passed out learning materials like worksheets, textbooks, and extracurricular activities

e Assisted students in mastering learning concepts through one-on-one and small group tutoring

e Assisted students with their learning goals in small groups and on a one-on-one basis

e« Took daily attendance and immediately notified Deans and Administrators of any student absences

e Took attendance, graded assignments, and maintained student records to assist teachers with
administrative tasks and maintain smooth daily operations.

e« Graded student assignments after assessing their quality and completeness.

e« Took advantage of opportunities for professional development and attended in-services and seminars

e Created engaging course plans that included multimedia learning tools to meet students' academic,
intellectual, and social needs

e« Prepared and duplicated teaching materials to help students better understand learning concepts

e Tutored struggling students individually and in small groups to reinforce learning concepts

e Took attendance, graded assignments, and kept track of student records on a regular basis

e Kept students safe both inside and outside the classroom.

SLOIMER INTERN 06/2021 to CURRENT
Pgt Trucking | Trenton, NJ

e Planned lessons supervise children plan schedules for the week facilitate in helping students in merit
mart reading to the children teaching the children about life skills

e Kept an eye on things

e Evaluated employees by observing and interviewing them on the job to determine their strengths and
weaknesses in terms of work performance, methods, and team functions.

e Supervised students in common areas such as cafeteria, library and playground.

STODENT ASSISTANT 01/2020 to 05/2021
Nebraska Medical Center | Rochester, MN

e Made phone calls

e Was able to communicate effectively with management and instructors, and | was willing to accept
constructive criticism and suggestions for improvement

e Trained

e Cleaned and organized classrooms and multipurpose room for maximum efficiency

e Planned events

e Gathered and organized documents and files

e Created a brand identity that included a distinct graphic style and tone for all company communications

e Sought advice

e Reported back to the instructor and management to receive day-to-day tasks and responsibilities.

BC DKSELLER 08/2019 to 03/2020
Books-A-Million, Inc. | Laredo, TX

e« Determined what the customer's needs were by asking pertinent questions and actively listening to the
responses

« Processed all sales transactions in a timely and accurate manner

e« Handled all customer complaints professionally, putting customer satisfaction first

« Communicated merchandise needs and issues to appropriate supervisors in a timely manner

e Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations

e« Processed shipments and kept stock shelves in order

« Was in charge of in-store promotional signage and displays. as well as restocking merchandise from
returns or dressing rooms

e Provided direction and constructive feedback to motivate team members

e« Greeted customers and assisted them with product questions, selections, and purchases, both in-store
and online

e« Responded to customer calls in a timely and professional manner

« Followed all company policies, rules, and procedures to promote company goals and ensure safety

e Educated customers about promotions to increase sales

e Kept the checkout area tidy by sweeping the floors and emptying the trash cans

e Used a POS register system to process information and merchandise

« Worked diligently to meet or exceed special goals, such as credit card applications, special donations,
and specific product promotions, on a regular basis

e Assisted customers in choosing and customizing available items to meet their specific needs

« Interacted with customers in a genuine and pleasant manner

e Built customer confidence by actively listening to customer concerns and providing appropriate
feedback

« Kept my assigned area up to store standards by setting up and monitoring accurate ad signage and
proper merchandise placement

« Customers were notified of upcoming sales events and promotions

e« Ensured that all merchandising standards were met on a daily basis

« Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store.

Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN

Ba_helor of Science 2024
Ivy Tech Community College, Indianapolis, IN

Technology use Student and parent relations Elementary education Documentation Teacher support
Classroom management Mentoring students Data entry General Studies - Some college