JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Knowledgeable and dedicated customer service professional with extensive experience in Public Health industry. Solid team player with
outgoing, positive demeanor and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to
company success. Specialize in quality, speed and process optimization. Articulate, energetic and results-oriented with exemplary passion for
developing relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses. Accomplished Registered Immunization Representatives with 24+

years of experience dedicated to quality care of diverse patients. Skillfully blend hands-on skills with advanced background in child, adolescents

and adult immunization registry settings. Work effectively with all levels of healthcare providers, physicians and administrators to address

patient needs.
SKILLS
e Diversity specialist e Upbeat and Positive Personality
* Customer Retention Strategies e Calm and Professional Under Pressure
e Customer Data Confidentiality ® Creative Problem Solving
* Courteous with Strong Service Mindset ¢ Document and Records Management
e Efficient and Detail-Oriented e Call Volume and Quality Metrics
¢ Verbal and Written Communication e First-Tier Technical Support
¢ Responding to Difficult Customers e Observation reports
e Data Entry and Maintenance
Work HIsToRy

Public Education Specialist 2, 11/2016 - Current
Curaleaf— Sanford, FL

e Leveraged knowledge of Immunization Registry designs to facilitate development effective understanding of importance of having updated

vaccine records in Registry.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times

¢ Spearheaded outreach activities within [County of San Diego] to expand educational opportunities and promote Vaccine coverage to public
and other Organizational programs and services.

e Maintained accurate and completed hundreds of Immunization Records by data entering them into San Diego Immunization Registry.

e Participated in department meetings to provide input to colleagues about patients up to date records for achievement and improvement.

e Assessed and looked after hundreds of patients working closely with staff and efficiently planning and coordinating work.

¢ Used designated patient Access database to document patients records and vaccine usage reports

¢ Boosted cultural awareness by incorporating children's literature from world cultures.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

¢ Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

* Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

¢ Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.

¢ Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate solution

e Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging immunization material and immunization record pick-
up.

¢ Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create expert solutions.

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

¢ Responded to customer requests for products, services and program information.

e Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.

¢ Met customer call guidelines for service levels, handle time and productivity.

¢ Performed support ticket transaction resolution tasks and administrative functions.

e Helped improve customer satisfaction by translating / transcribing immunization records and customer paperwork documentation.

¢ Identified and responded to customer requests and concerns through email, online chat and phone for both English and Spanish-speaking
customers.

¢ Communicated with management when customer issues escalated and worked to find resolutions.

* Initiated outbound calls to respond to inquiries and to follow-up with previous contacts.

e Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital information updates.

¢ Worked with staff members and teachers to design comprehensive and individualized plans to optimize vaccine education.

¢ Increased [testing updates with San Diego Immunization Registry] learning progress through streamlining testing procedures and updating
protocols

© Collaborated with staff members to enhance customer service experience and exceed team goals through effective client satisfaction rates.

e Managed team of 20 employees., training, and professional growth of employees

Community Outreach Representative, 11/2002 - 11/2016
University Of San Diego — City, STATE
e Conducted community workshops to promote different programs and educate public on available services.
e Connected individuals with available and relevant resources.
e Acted as main point of contact between management, clinical staffs and external community.
¢ Created and implemented community-based programs to improve education or fill specific needs.
e Surveyed local program participants to ascertain problematic areas requiring improvement.
e Fielded phone calls and pleasantly greeted office visitors, answering questions and inquiries regarding community resources and services.
¢ Documented and analyzed performance of over 200 or more different programs in order to make proactive decisions about services.
¢ Built partnerships with related organizations to develop support and gain greater attention for important issues.
e Became strong advocate for Immunization Program reform.

* Took active role in patient and family planning process, detailing instructions and responding appropriately and effectively to questions and

concerms.

EDUCATION
High School Diploma: 06/1975
San Diego High School - San Diego, CA
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Provided over 10 years experience by assisting with calls, emails, and fax's in order to managed direct contact with the Public, Schools, Public
Health Organization and other Government Agency request within the San Diego Immunization Registry Help Desk -