JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Organized Special Educator successful at providing classroom and emotional structure for special needs children required to flourish in
academic setting. Certified and licensed in Illinois and recognized as highly qualified educator. Coordinates well with classroom teachers with
supportive strategies for behavior management and lesson accommodations for students.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

© Trained fellow teachers on the procedures for completing Individual Education Plans.
¢ Used Google Sheets to develop progress tracking spreadsheets.

* Collaborated with team of 6 in the development of student successes.

e Supervised team of 6 staff members.

SKILLS

¢ Excellent Skills as Collaborator and Team Player e Extremely Flexible
e Works Well in Leadership Positions e Experience with Diverse Student Populations
* Proficient in Integration of Classroom Technology into Instruction « Student Behavior and Progress Reporting
*« Computer and Microsoft Office Skills * Coordinating with Teachers and Specialists
¢ Collaborative and Team-Oriented e Classroom Management
e Strong Organizational Skills e Instructional Strategies

Work HIsTory

Self-Contained Special Education Teacher, 08/2022 - Current
Options For Youth - San Bernardino County — Downers Grove, IL
¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to a range of neurodiverse students.
* Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.
¢ Utilized positive reinforcement to maximize desired behavior and educational outcomes.
e Crafted Behavioral Intervention Plans for individual students.
e Maintained accurate and confidential records of assigned students.

Special Education Teacher - Resource, 08/2021 - 08/2022
District 41 Churchill Elementary School — Glendale Heights. IL
e Resource position promoting and nurtured education of students by planning and tailoring courses of study; monitoring, assisting with, and
correcting, academic efforts all while providing safe environment conducive to learning environment and keeping parents informed.
e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans focused on areas for improvement.
e Taught students in self-contained and resource environments.
e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying instructional knowledge
and methods to support goals.
¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies

© Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students

Self Contained Special Education Teacher, 08/2019 - 07/2020
Southeast Alternative School — Glen Ellyn, IL
¢ Worked with students who were functionally and mentally disabled as well as students who were deafiblind
* Created and implemented own curriculum; tailored toward each individual student, building pre-academic skills
e Case managed all IEPs for students with low-incidence disabilities meeting 100% compliance first-year teaching
e Ensured all teachers adhere to IEP accommodations, through regular meetings, communication with parents, and monitoring students on
their goals
¢ Co-taught with general education teacher and as well co-treated with therapists (occupational therapy, physical therapy, speech).
© Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
¢ Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neuro-diverse students.

Student Teaching - Self Contained Behavioral, 01/2019 - 05/2019
Field Park Elementary School — Naperville, IL
¢ Student taught self-contained sixth-grade behavioral classroom
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help whenever need
e Responsible for creating and conducting whole group and small group 2 lesson plans while interning, subjects included: social studies,
math, language arts, reading, social emotional learning. and science.
e Worked with classroom teacher to learn about current standards and best practices.
¢ Cultivated positive relationships with administration, teaching staff and students.

Paraprofessional, 01/2014 - 01/2017
Company Name
e Worked as paraprofessional one on one aide with students who were high needs
¢ Helped student who had speech impairment and used assistive technology and sign language to communicate
* Helped modify worksheets and helped with multi-sensory lesson planning
e Participated in weekly problem solving meetings to support students with special needs in various academic and social emotional activities.
¢ Relieved classroom teacher during breaks and maintained order and structure in classroom

e Assisted in maintaining engaging and respectful educational environment by promoting discipline and cooperation

EDUCATION
Master of Education: 2023

National Louis University - Lisle, IL

Bachelor of Arts Degree: 2019
Benedictine University - Lisle, IL

Associate: Arts, 2016
College of DuPage - Glen Ellyn, IL

Diploma: 2014
Downers Grove North High School - Downers Grove, IL

AFFILIATIONS

Illinois Reading Council (IRC) Secondary Reading League (SRL)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e AWARDS AND RECOGNITION

e Benedictine University Dean’s List (4 semesters)
e 3.8 GPA Kappa Delta Pi Honor Society (2019)

e 4.0 GPA National Louis University