EDUCATION/
CERTIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Credential: Special Education | PK-12 02/2022
Commonwealth Of Pennsylvania, PA.

Cr dential: Special Education | Mild/Moderate Disabilities 06/2005
California State University Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA

Cr dential: Multi-subject | General Education, Reading 06/2002
California State University Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA

Ba helor of Science | Elementary Education 05/1993
lona College, New Rochelle, NY

Versatile Special Education Teacher with focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional
development. Empathetic and accommodating in design and implementation of hands-on lessons, catering to
diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing constant communication, patience and positive
reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools. fostering academic achievement.
Organized Educator successful at providing classroom and emotional structure for students with special
needs. Collaborates well with classroom teachers providing supportive strategies for behavior management
and lesson accommodations for students. Special education professional highly skilled in working with
students by perceiving needs and supporting various functions. Equipped to provide appropriate learning
techniques and behavioral redirection for children with learning disabilities. Certified and licensed in California
and recognized as highly qualified educator. Worked in the second largest schoo! district in the country for
almost 20 years. Recently certified in Pennsylvania.

e Conflict resolution techniques ¢ Woodcock Johnson IV trained

e Classroom management e Functional Behavior Analysis trained
e Differentiated Instruction ¢ Schoology on-line platform

e Group and individual instruction e Google Classroom

« Develop and implement IEP's e On-line instruction

e Effective communication with parents/guardians
and all stakeholders

SPECIAL EDUCATION LIFE SKILLS CLASS, LT SUBSTITUTE 10/2021 to CURRENT
Para Los Ninos | Los Angeles, CA

e Took over class from previous substitute teacher.

e Established a supportive, structured learning environment.

e Created lessons for students grades 9-12 with Autism and Intellectual Disabilities.

e Taught Reading, Writing, Math. Science, Social Studies, Career Skills, and Life Skills to students with a
range of abilities.

e Collaborated with para professionals, special education team, and general educators.

e Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

e Created and maintained consistent schedules, routines to support student environments.

e Developed and implemented IEP's, NOREP's, and Re-evaluations for students.

e Worked with students on behavioral, social, hygiene, and academic development.

e Completed and maintained Progress Monitoring.

e Integrated existing and new technology into classroom to help provide creative and fun learning
environment.

SFOCIAL EDUCATION DAY CLASS TEACHER, ENGLISH 07/2017 to 06/2021
East Baton Rouge Parish School Board | Baton Rouge, LA

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students ages
11-21.

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques
and technologies.

e Delivered instruction to at-risk youth with various backgrounds and cultures.

e Implemented successful classroom management strategies.

e Delivered instruction to English Language Learners and Limited English Proficient students.

e Implemented and taught life skills program.

e Collaborated with numerous departments and developed cross-curricular instruction.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

e Worked with students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement.

e Designed and implemented point system to encourage positive behavior.

e Provided one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

e Redirected poor behavior using positive reinforcement method, resulting in 90% decrease in outbursts
in classroom.

e Led activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Active member of SSC.

e Tutored students after hours for credit recovery program.

REJOURCE SPECIALIST TEACHER 02/2002 to 07/2017
LAUSD - Holmes International Magnet Middle School | City, STATE

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neuro-diverse students.

e Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques
and technologies.

e Worked with students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

¢ Completed intensive leadership training and provided training to colleagues on applied behavior
analysis.

e Collaborated and co-taught with general education colleagues to develop and execute lessons to
students with various needs and abilities.

e Designed and implemented point system to encourage positive behavior.

e Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support, decreasing outbursts by 90%.

e Increased number of students exiting special education by 30%.

e Led activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Taught students in variety of settings, including self-contained and resource environments.

e Managed and collaborated with special education assistants.

e Taught ELA and mathematics in self-contained learning lab.

e Provided one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans
focused on areas for improvement.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

PR1-KINDERGARTEN TEACHER 06/1999 to 12/2002
The Wagon Wheel School Inc. | City, STATE

e Taught all subject areas through literature and phonics based instruction, incorporating arts and play-

e« Created individualized lessons to enhance each student's potential.

« Developed and implemented musical performances monthly for staff and family.

e Educated students in foundational concepts such as shapes, numbers and letters.

e« Promoted physical, academic and social development by implementing diverse classroom and outside
activities.

e Allowed for ample outdoor discovery time in schedule each day.

« Applied play-based strategies, including crafts and games. fo provide diverse approaches fo learning.

« Promoted sensory development by providing access to different textures.

« Observed, identified, and addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and administration.