JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) XXX-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Versatile Special and general eduaction Teacher with a focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional development.
Empathetic and accommodating in the design and implementation of hands-on lessons, which cater to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in
employing constant communication, patience, and positive reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools, fostering

academic achievement.

Work History

11/2013 to Current Certified Special Education Teacher
Amikids — Tallahassee, FL

e Organized instruction material, including constructing bulletin boards and setting up work areas.

¢ Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying
instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

© Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

e Communicated nonverbally with children to provide comfort, encouragement and positive reinforcement.

¢ Led activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to diverse range of developmentally challenged
students.

¢ Instructed students in all academic areas and small reading groups.

¢ Created learning and content strategies to meet needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student
progress to inform parents and school administration.

¢ Worked with students with moderate to severe autism to increase life skills.

e Attended monthly staff training sessions.

e Worked in self-contained and resource environments to teach students variety of skills.

¢ Provided life skills programming for students with moderate to severe autism.

e Established safe play environment for students.

e Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout day.

¢ Collaborated with students with multiple degrees of special needs to accomplish various tasks.

e Gave one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

e Developed and managed instructional materials and reports.

¢ Worked with students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and
technologies.

08/2010 to 08/2012 Certified General Education Teacher

Archdiocese Of San Antonio — New Braunfels, TX

e Collected, analyzed and tracked data on student progress using Eduphoria to update and enhance learning plans.

¢ Supported student teachers by mentoring on classroom management, lesson planning and activity organization.

¢ Observed and evaluated students' performance, behavior, social development and physical health.

e Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss instructional
strategies.

¢ Collaborated with other faculty members to review data and develop instructional strategies to address student
learning objectives.

e Administered assessments to determine each student’s specific educational and social needs.

© Boosted student grasp of materials with weekly tutoring sessions.

¢ Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

e Enhanced student learning by optimizing wide range of instructional approaches and innovative classroom
activities.

Completed and filed all necessary paperwork for classroom activities, including meal count sheets and attendance
logs.

e Encouraged interactive learning by incorporating educational software and online assignments.

e Incorporated multiple types of teaching strategies into classroom including Kagan and Stetson.

© Cooperated with parents to support students’ learning and healthy development in school and at home.

e Encouraged creative thinking and motivated students by addressing individual strengths and weaknesses based on
standardized testing results.

e Assisted with organization and administration of standardized testing by being a test administrator.

© Met with administrators and department team members to work on curriculum planning and assessment methods.

¢ Graded and evaluated student assignments, papers and course work.

© Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

05/1998 to 07/2008 Child Care Provider

CERTIFICATIONS

Odessa YMCA — City, STATE

* Developed lessons and activities to promote children's physical and emotional development.

e Maintained group discipline through positive reinforcement, behavior modeling and collaboration with parents.

© Monitored entrances and exits to maintain safety and organized environments.

e Instructed children in crafts and other activities to promote gross and fine motor skills, including creating paintings,
drawings, paper crafts and decorations.

e Observed children to proactively identify issues with emotional or physical development and worked with parents
and supervisors to address concerns.

e Maintained effective schedule balance between rest periods, active play and instruction.

e Sanitized dishes, tabletops, toys and frequently touched surfaces to prevent spreading of germs.

¢ Kept notes of behavior issues, food served and medications administered to children.

¢ Created safe and engaging learning environment for groups of diverse children with various learning styles.

e Cared for children ages 0 to 12 in nurturing and age-appropriate way.

e Enforced rules and managed behavior through developmentally appropriate discipline.

© Used positive reinforcement techniques to promote patience and other good behaviors in children.

e Handled daily administrative tasks efficiently to minimize time away from children, including updating attendance
and requesting new supplies.

¢ Selected appropriate stories based on ages of children and teachable moments, read to groups and promoted
discussions based on content.

e Managed safety and security of all children under care.

e Applied positive behavior management techniques to enhance social interactions and emotional development.

Certified Generalist grades 4-8 Tx
Special Education endorsement grades K-12 TX

SKILLS

e Special education

e Varied lesson plans

¢ Understanding of special education e Elementary education

¢ Certified generalist 4-8 teacher ¢ Classroom discipline

¢ SMART Board aptitude © Student motivation

¢ Creative learning strategies e Strong written and verbal communicator
¢ Student-centered learning © Positive attitude

e Age-appropriate lesson planning e Differentiated instruction

¢ Positive reinforcement * Positive and encouraging

e Test proctoring
¢ Critical Thinking

e Teaching/tutoring
e Lesson planning

EpucatIon

05/2004 Bachelor of Arts: History/English/Teaching
University of Texas Permian Basin - Odessa, TX

General Studies

Odessa College - Odessa, TX