JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Talented, personable ESL Teacher with an MED and M.A. degree and familiarity with diverse cultures. Delivered English instruction to
elementary and secondary students. Exceptional communications skills helped students to increase vocabulary, fluency and cultural
understanding.

Accomplished Special Education Paraprofessional offering more than 2 years aiding instructors in the classroom and promoting individualized

learning techniques.
SKILLS
e Interdisciplinary team collaboration e Parental interaction
e Classroom management e Lesson plan implementation
e Teaching and instruction © Verbal and written communication
e Autism and spectrum disorders
Work HIsTOoRY

Special Education Paraeducator, 10/2018 - Current
Pacific Medical Centers — Eureka, CA
¢ Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive learning outcomes.
e Prepared instructional materials for group use to comply with established curriculum.
¢ Implemented lessons initiated by teacher.
e Built and maintained effective communication and relationships with students, teachers, support staff and parents.
e Provided student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.
e Managed six Special Education students with Autistic diagnoses.
e Administered tests to class and graded papers.
e Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues that needed to be addressed.
¢ Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ On-line instruction via Zoom, raised student's GPA by 80%.

First Grade Teacher, 06/2016 - 07/2018
Fredericksburg Independent School District — Fredericksburg, TX
e Taught students subject-specific material, learning strategies and social skills.
e Chaperoned field trips to maintain safety and encourage learning.
e Assessed student progress by administering tests and evaluating results.
¢ Stayed abreast of changes to school and district policies as well as new trends in education by attending professional development courses
and in-service trainings.
* Taught lessons encompassing skill-building activities in speaking, writing, reading and listening.
¢ Implemented classroom management improvements to enhance class morale and engagement.
e Instructed up to 23 students individually and in groups on mathematical concepts.
¢ Built positive relationships with parents to involve families in educational process.
¢ Drove student learning by establishing clear classroom plans and group objectives, as well as actionable strategies to achieve each goal.
e Organized classroom supplies and decorated walls to create fun, nurturing settings and meet learning needs.
e Planned lessons according to district standards to cover all requirements and prepare for standardized tests.
e Assessed student learning progress and comprehension with routine tests and standardized examinations.

Title 1 Educator, 02/2012 - 06/2016
Coast Community College District — Costa Mesa, CA
« Interpreted student assessment data to ascertain best intervention methods.
e Assessed and reported on each student's reading progress in accordance with policies developed by school district.
¢ Provided tutoring.
¢ Promoted love of reading and literacy to all students. Implemented individualized reading programs into daily classroom practices,
resulting in 30% increase in student grade averages.
e Shifted between formal and informal methods of teaching to keep students interested.
* Prepared quizzes, tests and examinations to gauge how well students were learning.
© Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.
* Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss instructional strategies.
¢ Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

¢ Modified lessons and curriculum to accommodate diverse learners by using strategies such as peer-assisted learning and group work.

Substitute, 01/2008 - 12/2010
Canyons School District — City, STATE
* Followed classroom plans left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core concepts.
¢ Upheld classroom routines to support student environments and maintain consistent schedules.
* Stood in for 1st grade teacher for 30 days, maintaining student progress and keeping up with lesson plans.
¢ Stood in for 2nd grade teacher for 60 days, maintaining student progress and keeping up with lesson plans.
¢ Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.
¢ Organized and cleaned teaching areas after daily use to maintain high standards for returning teachers or other substitutes.
¢ Supervised lunchroom and recess activities.
¢ Completed documentation of attendance, grades and other required details.
e Kept accurate and current attendance records and assignment sheets to maintain file compliance.
e Maintained day-to-day classroom management and discipline to promote learning initiatives.
¢ Worked with principal's office on disciplinary and safety issues.
« Administered and graded tests and quizzes and reported perClairece to primary teacher.
e Administered standardized assessments with strict requirements and documented information in permanent records.
© Provided instruction for 22+ students in all subject areas.
e Assigned, explained and graded homework.
e Used Skyward to maintain detailed records of student progress, attendance and assignments in teachers absence.
e Diversified classroom instruction and group activities to successfully support students with unique strengths and learning styles.
e Repeatedly requested as substitute teacher for Ist and 2nd grade classrooms by teachers based on excellent past referrals and trusted
perClairece.

EDUCATION
Master's in Education: TESOL/ELL, 10/2016

Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ

Master of Arts: English Language Learning (ELL), 09/2014
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

ELL Endorsement: English Language Learning, 02/2010
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

Bachelor of Arts: Interdisciplinary Studies PreK - 8th Grades, 02/2009
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT