PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Teacher's Assistant versed in planning and setting up classrooms conducive to learning process, as well as
individual and social development. CPR and First Aid certified. Dedicated Teaching Assistant focused on
supporting faculty with classroom needs. Successful at maintaining clean and organized supplies, as well as
planning activities and leading field trips. Excellent tutor, record keeper and multitasker. Enthusiastic teaching
professional offering three-year background assisting head teacher with supportive tasks to create effective.
healthy classroom environment. Skillful in group activity planning and management and class material
preparation. Energetic and patient individual possessing strong communication and interpersonal skills
needed to push students towards success.

« Middle school education e Classroom management

« Classroom support e Synergy and Blackboard

« Conflict resolution techniques e Schedule Management

e Educational assistance e JEP compliance

« Special education « Behavior improvements

e« Lesson Planning e Secondary education

« Teacher Support e National Education Association

e Differentiated instruction

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER'S ASSISTANT 08/2018 to CURRENT
The May Institute Inc | Gloucester, MA

e Supported student learning objectives through personalized and small group assistance.

e Prepared instructional materials for group and one-on-one use to comply with established curriculum.

e Maintained safety and security of all youth under care.

¢ Tailored lesson plans for students with emotional and cognitive disabilities.

e Relieved classroom teacher during breaks and filled in for teacher's when they were absent.

¢ Participated in lesson planning and curriculum implementation to promote quicker rollout and delivery.

e Planned and led activities to develop students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Graded tests and papers and recorded grades for teaching staff.

e Monitored students on field trips by overseeing various tasks, including roll call and group movement to
keep youths safe in public settings.

e Encouraged dynamic and pleasant educational environment by promoting both gentle discipline and
cooperation.

e Instructed small groups of students in biology, earth science and ecology.

e Maintained inclusive learning environment to enable students to gain maximum benefit from lessons.

e Prepared instruction materials, including making copies, constructing bulletin boards and setting up
work areas.

e Facilitated group sessions and provided one-on-one support.

e Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable
positive learning outcomes.

e Collated classroom materials to help teachers prepare for daily instruction and activities.

e Kept classrooms clean, neat and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.

e Assessed student assignments to check quality and completeness before submission for grading.

e Created lesson materials, visuals and digital presentations to supplement lesson plans.

e Created, prepared and executed plans for activities and lessons daily.

e Monitored student classroom and outdoors activities to promote student safety.

e Assigned homework assignments and quizzes and wrote corresponding keys.

e Observed individual behaviors and suspect actions, and reported issues to supervisory staff.

« Documented student behaviors, interventions and outcomes to enable lead teacher to address
pertinent issues.

e Oversaw students in classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules and support lead teacher.

e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning
environment.

e Recorded grades for coursework and tests in online reporting system.

e Offered constructive feedback to minors under care regarding specific actions, behaviors and words.

e Organized and guided activities for students, including skills practice, research and memorization tasks.

SEJIOR FISHERIES AND WILDLIFE BIOLOGIST 06/2076 to CURRENT
Ramona Unified School District | Ramona, CA

e Investigated living and environmental conditions of mammals, including nuisance wildlife species and
determined solutions to habitat issues.

e Performed as subject matter expert on nuisance wildlife at conferences and events to promote interest
in educational programs.

e Eliminated downtime and maximized revenue by providing top project quality control.

e Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

e Served customers in a friendly, efficient manner following outlined steps of service.

e Adhered to social distancing protocols and wore mask or face shield at all times.

SLOSTITUTE TEACHER 01/2016 to 08/2018
Roanoke County Public Schools | City, STATE

e Upheld classroom routines to support student environments and maintain consistent schedules.

e Followed classroom plans left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core
concepts.

e Developed rules and set goals to maintain order in classroom.

e Implemented outlined grading and assessment techniques to document growth, development and
knowledge advancements during teacher absence.

e Took notes and prepared reports on school day activities to provide to primary teacher.

e Administered and graded tests and quizzes and reported performance to primary teacher.

e Diversified classroom instruction and group activities to successfully support students with unique
strengths and learning styles.

e Administered standardized assessments with strict requirements and documented information in
permanent records.

e Leveraged classroom discussion strategies to engage students, promote topics and boost learning
opportunities.

e Assisted students of all ability levels develop life-long learning skills and good study habits.

e Proctored quizzes, tests and standardized examinations.

e Utilized technology to enhance student education and grasp of materials.

STODENT TEACHING INTERN 11/2017 to 05/2018
Roanoke County Public Schools | City, STATE

e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning
environment.

e Set up visual aids. equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.

e Organized and guided activities for students, including skills practice, research and memorization tasks.

e Supported student learning objectives through personalized and small group assistance.

e Promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor
recreational activities.

e Assessed student assignments to check quality and completeness before submission for grading.

e Used behavior modeling and specialized teaching techniques to share and reinforce social skills.

e Distributed learning materials such as worksheets, textbooks and supplemental activities.

e Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable
positive learning outcomes.

e Handed out classroom materials, like pencils, paper and crayons.

e Kept abreast of latest information on specific subjects and learning strategies.

e Implemented practice exercises and used repetition, which enabled students to grasp new concepts
quickly.

e Offered complete instructional support for students unable to attend regular classes.

¢ Optimized learning plans and quantified student progress through test administration.

e Collated classroom materials to help teachers prepare for daily instruction and activities.

Master of Science | STEM Education 07/2021
Regent University, Virginia Beach, VA

Mi3ter of Science | Curriculum And Instruction, Career Switcher Cert. 08/2018
Regent University, Virginia Beach, VA

Ba-helor of Science | Fish And Wildlife Management 08/2015
American Military University, Charlies Town, WV

Middle School Science Endorsement.