JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Sharp and focused educator offering 16 years of expertise in special education. Dedicated to success of students, faculty and families with focus
on addressing individuals while maintaining overall compliance with procedures and academic performance. Flexible and professional by using

compassion with gentle discipline.

SKILLS
e Team collaboration ® Scheduling proficiency
e Mentor e Progress monitoring
* Classroom management e Mastery of Differentiated Instruction
¢ Community partnership e Excellent classroom management
¢ Least Restrictive Environment ¢ Competent in technology
e Teacher leader e Data-driven instruction
e Nurtured Heart Approach e Organizational skills
e PBIS e Classroom management
EXPERIENCE

Special Education Teacher, 07/2008 - Current
Alamogordo Public Schools — Alamogordo, NM
¢ Guided instruction by mentoring teachers to improve teaching effectiveness for students with disabilities and low-level learners.
¢ Resolved various situations to cultivate strong student and parent relationships.
* Presented resources and opportunities to teaching staff for further professional development and training courses.
e Evaluated student behavior issues by reviewing established discipline standards and noting trends in infractions.
¢ Developed and implemented standards for student academic achievement aligned with district, state and local initiatives.
* Reviewed standardized test results to assess student progress and academic performance.
¢ Interacted positively with staff to demonstrate professional conduct expectations of teaching students with special needs.
* Oversaw afterschool programs and monitored activities for safe and encouraging learning environment.
e Eliminated learning gaps and effectively instructed students by using teaching aids and motivational strategies.
e Transitioned students across grade levels through careful planning and preparation.
e Organized and facilitated team meetings for IE.P's, 504 Plans, and Personal Curriculums.

¢ Collaborated with community and state agencies to coordinate services.

Special Education Teacher, 07/2007 - 07/2008
Alamogordo Public Schools — Alamogordo, NM
e Implemented a Student-led IEP program.
¢ Collected and analyzed data to report progress towards individual goals.
¢ Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs.
¢ Collaborated with conventional education instructors across multiple departments to optimize student learning.

Special Education Teacher, 12/2002 - 05/2006
Alamogordo Public Schools — Alamogordo, NM
* Developed Individualized Education Programs with personalized educational objectives for each student.
* Collected and analyzed data to report progress towards individual goals.
¢ Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs.Transitioned students
across grade levels through careful planning and preparation.
¢ Fostered positive and trusting relationships with students to increase engagement.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master of Arts: Differentiated Instruction, 2015

Concordia University - St. Paul, Saint Paul, MN

Post Bachelor Teacher Certification: Special Education, 2007
Eastern Michigan University - Ypsilanti, MI

Bachelor of Science: Psychology, 1998
Eastern Michigan University - Ypsilanti, MI

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS
e K-12 Cognitive Impairments
e Elementary K-5 all subjects
e K-8 all subjects self-contained classroom
CERTIFICATIONS

e [Area of certification] Training - [Year]