James Fulton

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER

Profile

Passionate High School Teacher with over 10 years of experience working with
students in Grades 9-12, specializing in English and American History. Adept in
creating a powerful curriculum in accordance with educational standards. Able to
create and foster positive relationships with students, staff, and family members of
students. Knowledgeable and experienced in various educational philosophies that
best promote the overall experience of a student. A committed faculty member,
experienced in organizing school events, trips, and fundraisers.

Employment History
High School English Teacher, The Hillbrow School, Beacon

e Design and implement a carefully thought-out English curriculum for grades
9-12.

e Assess the needs of students and modify teaching style and lesson plans to
accommodate different learning needs.

e Serve as student advisor for grades 9 and 10, offering academic, social, and
emotional support.

e Foster aclassroom environment conducive to interactive learning, where the
ideas of students are valued and respected.

e Prepare students for standardized tests, resulting in increasing average test
scores each year.

High School Teacher, John Jay High School, Yonkers

e Served as a 9th and 10th grade History and English Teacher, responsible for 26
classes of students.

e Developed and implemented powerful History and English curricula, aimed to
meet education standards and enlighten students.

e Monitored student progress and performance, and maintained meticulous
documentation for each student.

e Collaborated with other faculty members to connect curriculum and deepen the
level of learning taking place.

e Planned and organized the annual Golf Fundraiser for the school, resulting in
$6,000 being raised for the History and Science Departments.

e Worked with students with various learning needs to help them achieve their
greatest potential.

Education

Master of Science in Secondary Education, Marist College, Poughkeepsie

Bachelor of Arts in History and English, Manhattan College, New York

e Graduated summa cum laude.

Details

14 Larchmont Road
Beacon, NY 12508
United States

(845) 390-4545

ifu_ 443lton@gmail.com

Skills

Lesson Planning
_ EE

Curriculum and Instruction
ee

Learning Assessments
SSS

Excellent Communication Skills
—=———————=—=====[=[=—=[=[===—=