SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Personal Assistant with eight years of experience working with special needs students. Aided teachers in giving lessons and providing safe

and productive environment for students with developmental disabilities. Passionate about serving physical, emotional and academic needs of

those facing disability.
Detail-oriented Special Education Paraprofessional with well-established knowledge of lesson planning and individual student learning
strategies. Trained in behavior management and personal hygiene needs. Kind and alert individual with dedication to long-term student

success.

Resourceful Special Education Paraprofessional with eight years of experience assisting classroom teachers and promoting individualized
learning techniques. Certified in first aid and CPR. Dedicated to encouraging and motivating students.

SKILLS
« Activities Oversight e Calm Under Pressure
¢ Classwork Oversight © Safe, Positive Learning Environment

¢ Clerical Support

© Special Needs

e IEP Familiarity e Educational Support
¢ Behavior Modifications ¢ Individual Instruction
e Teacher Assistance e Autism Familiarity

e Team Collaboration

EXPERIENCE

12/2019 to 06/2021 Special Education Teacher Assistant

The May Institute Inc — Chicopee, MA

¢ Distributed textbooks. workbooks, papers and pencils to students.

e Adapted teaching methods and materials to meet students’ varying needs and interests.

e Cleaned and organized classrooms, materials and supplies.

e Conducted special assessments and tutoring sessions to support individual student needs.

© Helped students to develop good behavioral habits through positive reinforcement and encouragement in studies as
well as discipline and careful use of physical intervention when required.

e Led lessons and subjects to classes averaging special needs students with Down syndrome, autism spectrum
disorders and other developmental disorders and genetic disabilities.

e Observed student behaviors and utilized success intervention techniques to correct problems.

e Monitored students in class, hallways and cafeteria to enforce school rules.

09/2014 to 12/2019 Special Education Teacher Assistant

The May Institute Inc — Brockton, MA
¢ Helped students to develop good behavioral habits through positive reinforcement and encouragement in studies as
well as discipline and careful use of physical intervention when required.
e Supervised students awaiting after-school transportation and assisted students boarding and exiting school bus
daily.
¢ Observed student behaviors and utilized success intervention techniques to correct problems.
¢ Monitored students in class, hallways and cafeteria to enforce school rules.

e Participated in supervision of students during lunch, physical education and after-school extracurricular activities to

maintain peaceful and productive environment.

e Organized student performance and enrichment activities to facilitate learning.

e Assisted classroom teachers with accomplishing instructional goals by mentoring students, leading activities and
implementing lesson plans.

07/2010 to 12/2013 News Anchor Reporter

Marten Transport — Lockport, IL
¢ Delivered nightly news headlines for TV station.
e Posted on social media sites frequently to increase news broadcast traffic.
¢ Presented local news and feature reports in public radio style on both local and national news programs.
e Covered breaking news events.
e Wrote engaging stories and copy for live or pre-recorded broadcasts to successfully cover important news topics.
¢ Determined focus of news by staying on top of local, national and international events.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

09/2001 to 07/2010 ESL Teacher

Fredericksburg Independent School District — Fredericksburg, TX
e Employed kinesthetic, visual and auditory approaches to make lessons interesting and interactive.
e Engaged in cultural immersion programs with students to further augment global understanding.
e Instructed more than 360 students through lectures, discussions, group activities and demonstrations.
e Taught lessons encompassing range of skill-building activities for speaking, writing, reading and listening.
e Customized small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.
¢ Provided one-on-one instruction for non-English speaking students within classroom settings.
e Planned and supervised class projects, field trips and guest speaker events.
e Developed lesson plans to teach course materials according to schedule.
e Tracked class attendance and student progress.
e Improved student grammar and conversational skills through role play assignments.
¢ Tested, evaluated and counseled students regarding academic performance and goals.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2008

07/2007

LANGUAGES

Postgrade. : Public Relations
Social Communicators Cuban Association. - Las Tunas, Cuba

Bachelor of Arts: Educational Sciences.
"Pepito Tey" Educational Sciences College. - Las Tunas, Cuba
e Thesis: Reinforcing Moral Values Through English Lessons.

Spanish: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: