Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Seasoned RN with critical thinking acumen, expert clinical knowledge, and a passion for professional development. Offering ten

years’ expertise in emergency services and a graduate degree in nursing leadership to a growing organization.

Skills

¢ Multidisciplinary team collaboration
e Progress monitoring

¢ Patient flow coordination

¢ Patient relations

¢ Clinical Documentation

¢ Unit leadership

¢ Complying with regulatory guidelines
e Patient Care

e Improving clinical quality outcomes
e Patient Management

¢ Critical care

¢ Resource Allocation

¢ Patient record auditing

e MS Office

Experience

RN Education Coordinator, 02/2022 to Current
Kindred Healthcare — Hammond, IN

¢ Decision-making

¢ Communication

* Critical thinking

e Training & Development

e Leadership and mentoring abilities
¢ Staff Development and Precepting
¢ Organizational skills

* Student evaluation abilities

¢ Clinical supervision

¢ People skills

e Supervision

e Course material development

e Learning assessments

e Planned and facilitated relevant, needs-based professional learning tools, resources and educational materials to enhance

teaching skills.

¢ Participated in planning, implementing and evaluating assigned courses for continued development.

¢ Conducted needs assessments to identify and fill staff knowledge gaps.

e Assessed new nursing staff with fair and consistent evaluation tools to determine knowledge and quality of care delivery.

¢ Maintained detailed records of training activities and staff progress against targets.

¢ Helped staff achieve patient care goals and outcome standards by implementing regular training courses.

ED Charge Nurse/Clinical Coordinator, 02/2016 to Current

Scripps Health —- San Diego, CA

¢ Collaborated with physicians and nursing staff to deliver quality care.

e Oversaw delivery of high-quality, cost-effective care with focus on patient safety and satisfaction.

¢ Directed unit staff and promoted quality care for diverse patients.

¢ Built and maintained strong working relationships between nursing department and other disciplines.

e Audited patient charts in real-time, verifying accuracy, and completion of information.

¢ Coordinated, tasked, and supervised nurses/ancillary staff based on staffing requirements.

e Imparted medical, operational, and patient care knowledge to junior nurses, supporting personal growth and enhancing

professional development.

e Oversaw adherence to federal, state and company requirements and regulations.

¢ Managed patient flow and directed nurses and doctors to ensure medical assignments are completed on time.

e Partnered with nurse manager to raise standards of practice by monitoring, analyzing and correcting staff performance.

Registered Nurse, Emergency Department, 08/2015 to 04/2016

Scripps Health — La Jolla, CA

e Triaged incoming patients and communicated with doctors to encourage timely attention to urgent situations.

¢ Monitored and managed various treatment and care interventions.

¢ Monitored and recorded patient condition, vital signs, and progress.

e Treated patients suffering from chronic and acute medical concerns.

¢ Prioritized nursing tasks and assignments and accurately reported patient status.

Registered Nurse, Emergency Department, 08/2011 to 08/2015

PMC - City, STATE

¢ Responded to emergency situations with speed, expertise and level-headed approaches to provide optimal care, support and

life-saving interventions.

¢ Evaluated and adjusted life support equipment, tubing and peripheral devices providing critical assistance to fragile patients.

e Treated patients suffering from chronic and acute medical concerns, including CHF, COPD, pneumonia, sepsis, STEMI, CVA,

and trauma.

¢ Prioritized nursing tasks and assignments and accurately reported patient status.

¢ Improved patient outcomes and quality of care by determining and suggesting changes to processes.

Education and Training

Master of Science: Nursing Administration, 07/2021
Chamberlain University - Downers Grove, IL

¢ With Distinction

e Program GPA: 4.00

« Cumulative GPA: 3.93

Bachelor of Science: Nursing, 05/2017
Chamberlain University - Downers Grove, IL

e President's Honors

Associate of Science: Nursing, 05/2011
Hazard Community And Technical College - Hazard, KY

e Dean's List Honoree
Certifications

* Certified Emergency Nurse (CEN)

e TNCC - Trauma Nurse Core Course

¢ Pediatric Life Support (PALS) Certification

¢ Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification

e Advanced Life Support (ACLS) Certification

Activities and Honors

¢ Sigma Theta Tau Honor Society of Nursing
« Member, Emergency Nurse Association (ENA)