ANDY LAI

4014 Cardinal Dr NW, Oly mpia. WA 98502
Cell: (512) 576- 2940
oceantantriclama@ gmail.com

EDUCATION RESUME FOR TEACHING/TUTORING POSITION
HIGHLIGHTED EXPERTISE AND QUALIFICATIONS

3 years working in education with variety of philosophies: Reggio Emilia, traditional, and other forms of alternative
education. Junior student working on Bachelor's Degree in Education and Environmental Education. Compassionate
listener and learner. Believe every child can succeed and has a gift. Encourage children to learn in communities and
focus on whole child. Works with parents in involvement with students. Facilitate growth and track learning progress in
children.

EDUCATION

BACHELOR OF ARTS: ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION
Evergreen State College, Oly mpia, WA, United States

EXPERIENCE
THORNE NATURE EXPERIENCE
Boulder. CO
Teaching Intern 02/2016 to 05/2016

e Applied the developmental psychology methods and appropriate developmental needs of children to redirect
negative behaviors and to tur their behaviors into teachable moments.

¢ Conducted small group activities based on learning desires from different students to foster sense of curiosity and
imagination in students.

e Adaptation to different situations that seeks to bring quality and strong relationships between the teacher and the
student to establish a desire for learning in students.

© Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for
support.

e Engaged in learning communities and meetings that brings personal growth and finding new ways to help students
through collaboration with teammates.

© Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others.

¢ Supported students tn developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.

¢ Established a safe play environment for the children and use the safe environment as a learning opportunity for
students to learn about safety discussed at the beginning of afterschool session.

e Worked closely with the site director, family care workers, classroom teaching team and other specialists.

e Observed children for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, learning disorders and speech problems as
means to foster communication among the staff members on bettering the quality of the afterschool care in
respect to safety.

EXTEND-A-CARE FOR KIDS
Austin, TX
Group Leader 10/2014 to 08/2015
e Using the knowledge of developmental psychology to employ a variety of materials for children to explore and
manipulate in learning activities and imaginative play.
¢ Carefully monitored children's play activities to ensure safety.
Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child's activities to ensure student's progress throughout time at
the program.
Maintained daily records of activities, behaviors, meals and naps.
Carefully identified warning signs of emotional and developmental problems in children.
Upheld all CPR and Texas regulated certifications.
Offered stimulating curriculum that accommodated all learning styles through personal creativity and
observation of children in the group.
e Used variety of teaching techniques to encourage student critical thinking and discussion in Arts and History
through project-based learning.