JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Capable educator with over 15 years of experience in Health and Physical Education roles. Excellent classroom management, lecturing and
behavior enhancement skills. Collaborative in working with teachers, administrators and specialists to support all student needs.

SKILLS

¢ Student engagement e Smart classrooms

¢ Interactive classroom instruction ¢ Physical fitness

« Project-based learning e Team sports

¢ Hands-on learning * Behavior modeling

« Common core standards ¢ Equipment management
EXPERIENCE

09/2004 to 07/XXX9 Health and Physical Education Teacher
Cherry Hill Public Schools — Cherry Hill, NJ

¢ Taught students about concepts regarding fitness, health and well-being.

e Monitored student physical fitness with standardized assessments and devised appropriate individual goals.

e Adapted teaching methods and instructional strategies to promote learning in students of differing skill levels.

e Managed consistent, learning-focused classroom environments by establishing and communicating clear objectives
for all students.

e Adhered to applicable fitness program standards and benchmarks.

¢ Documented individual data and updated classroom records.

e Assessed student progress with course material through routine quizzes, final examinations and standardized
assessments.

¢ Worked with teachers on IEP plans to develop objectives and assess progress.

© Cultivated collaborative and innovative learning environment to meet each student's unique educational needs.

e Talked with students needing extra attention and made plans to assist with problems.

e Created lesson plans to address needs of entry-level and upper-level science students.

e Coordinated with other professional staff members to evaluate and assess science-based curriculum.

07/2008 to 07/XXX2 Varsity Girls Soccer Coach
Wayne Board Of Education — City, STATE

¢ Instilled love of sport by helping each player to fully grasp all areas of gameplay.

e Improved team behavior by modeling correct actions and instilling discipline.

¢ Developed training and exercise programs to meet individual requirements and team play strategies.

e Prepared athletes for games with well-coordinated schedule of practices and individual training.

* Monitored safety of training, individual exercises and equipment usage to avoid sports injuries and damage to
facility.

¢ Checked equipment and monitored common areas to maintain proper upkeep while remaining vigilant on safety.

e Ran drills and fitness circuits to improve athletes’ coordination and skills.

e Encouraged athletes, fellow coaches and parents to engage in good sportsmanship with competitors.

e Reviewed game tapes of competitor events to understand strategies and plan approaches.

© Worked with boosters, parents and school administrators to handle support functions.

¢ Readied team to compete in tournaments and other special events.

e Organized players’ nights and other special events to cultivate positive relations with players, families and local
community members.

e Supervised academic progress of student-athletes and arranged tutoring for individuals with falling grades.

02/2005 to 07/XXX0 Assistant Girls Lacrosse Coach
Wayne Board Of Education — City, STATE
¢ Planned strategies and selected optimal team lineups to execute game plans.
e Educated athletes in rules, strategies, sportsmanship and performance principles.
e Adjusted coaching techniques to meet athlete needs and address strengths and weaknesses.
e Adhered strictly to rules and regulations of activities department and district.
e Worked closely in training capacity with fellow student-athletes during off-season.
© Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.

09/2005 to 07/2008 Assistant Girls Varsity Soccer Coach
Wayne Board Of Education — City, STATE

e Instilled love of sport by helping each player to fully grasp all areas of gameplay.

e Observed health and safety guidelines and protocols during practice sessions and game to help players avoid
injuries.

¢ Guided team through rough situations, including player injuries and crushing defeats.

e Supervised academic progress of student-athletes and arranged tutoring for individuals with falling grades.

¢ Worked with boosters, parents and school administrators to handle support functions.

e Developed, updates and implemented effective rules covering all team activities.

e Ran drills and fitness circuits to improve athletes’ coordination and skills.

¢ Monitored safety of training, individual exercises and equipment usage to avoid sports injuries and damage to
facility.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
05/2004 Bachelor of Science: Health And Physical Education
University of Delaware - Newark, DE

05/2007 Master of Arts: Maters in Art of Education
Marygrove College - Detroit, MI

05/2009 Master of Science: Masters of Science in Educational Administration
University of Scranton - Scranton, PA