SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Motivated professional offering multiple degrees in Finance/Education. Adds value to any organization in

need of great collaboration, interpersonal and multitasking abilities. Highly-motivated employee with desire to
take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working

effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Hardworking and reliable with strong ability as a
team player. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

« De-escalation Techniques e Competent in Smartboard Technology
« Classroom Management e Behavior Modifications
« Data Management e Parent Communication
« Excellent Classroom Management e Motivating Students
SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 08/2021 to CURRENT

Elwyn | Concord, CA

e Developed and maintained individualized skill-appropriate lesson plans to promote and build student
confidence.

e Enhanced lessons using Smart Board technology and computers.

e Developed interesting and interactive learning methods tailored to help students with individual needs.

¢ Facilitated student operation of augmented communication devices.

e Collaborated with general education teachers to include students in classroom activities.

e Developed IEP to leverage developmental practices and educational theories to achieve educational
objectives.

e Maintained consistent and timely contact with parents about student behavior and upcoming events.

DILECTOR OF FEDERAL PROGRAMS 07/2020 to 07/2021

State Of Massachusetts | Medford, MA

e Used Excel to analyze and integrate data for high volume database.

e Monitored spending versus return to initiate strict cost containment approaches.

e Worked with regulatory representatives to complete accurate filings and maintain compliance.

e Reviewed applications against established parameters to determine approval, rejection or modification
requirements.

e Planned and delivered training sessions to improve employee effectiveness and address areas of
weakness.

e Created and managed budgets for travel, training and teambuilding activities.

e Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

e Held regular one-on-one meetings with employees to review performance and priorities and provide
feedback.

e Delegated work to staff. setting priorities and goals.

e Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities.

e Made estimates of funds required for short and long-term financial objectives of organization.

e Analyzed financial data to determine efficient use of resources.

e Completed month-end and year-end closings, kept records audit-ready and monitored timely recording

of accounting transactions.
e Checked payroll, vendor payments and other accounting disbursements for accuracy and compliance.
e Analyzed actual financial results to budget, preparing variance reporting to functional groups.
e Created and updated financial reports on frequent basis to present information to leadership teams.

DILECTOR OF SCHOOLS 08/2006 to 07/2019

Richard City Special School District | City, STATE

e Analyzed student data to identify and implement academic growth initiatives.

e Monitored spending versus return to initiate strict cost containment approaches.

e Used Excel to analyze and integrate data for high volume database.

e Established and managed systems to create focused, quality teachers.

e Aligned curriculum, instruction and assessment tools to support teacher development.

e Created inclusive environment to meet needs of students.

e Developed and implemented strategic vision and mission for continuous and positive school growth.

e Upheld and applied state laws, contractual obligations and district policies to comply with regulations
and obtain necessary school funding.

e Designed and utilized communication strategies to notify stakeholders of positive changes.

e Fostered positive school culture and promoted safety and equity for students.

e Designed processes to engage families and community members in student learning and bolster
attendance at events.

e Resolved various situations to cultivate strong student and parent relationships.

e Facilitated staff meetings to convey policy changes and hear employee input.

e Enforced school rules for attendance, discipline and honesty.

e Observed teaching methods and examined learning materials to determine areas needing improvement.

e Visited classrooms to evaluate teacher instructional techniques as part of annual evaluation cycle.

e Referred to student performance data to set educational goals and standards.

e Conferred with parents and staff to discuss educational activities, policies and student behavior or
learning problems.

e Planned and led professional development activities for teachers, administrators and support staff.

e Determined allocations of funds for classroom supplies and materials, authorizing purchases.

¢ Cultivated positive relationships with parents and staff to facilitate school operations and student
SUCCESS.

e Worked with school management to define standards, policies. procedures and organizational
enhancements to meet company goals for finance.

Master of Arts | Educational, Instructional, And Curriculum Supervision 06/2005

Tennessee Technological University, Cookeville, TN

Mister of Arts | Educational, Instructional, And Curriculum Supervision 05/2003

Tennessee Technological University, Cookeville, TN

BeOohelor of Arts | Child & Family Studies 42/2000

The University of Tennessee - Chattanooga, Chattanooga, TN

Firince & Administration 12/1992

Northeast Alabama Community College, Rainsville, AL

Fluent in use of the following:
Fax

Email

Phone

Microsoft Office

Excel, Word, PowerPoint