JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

With over seven years of successful experience in different job environments, these opportunities have contributed in great leadership roles,
excellence for resolving problems, improving customer satisfaction, and contribution to team success through hard work. Motivated to learn,

grow and excel in the new possibilities awaiting.

SKILLS
* Bilingual (English/Spanish) © Principles of critical thinking
© Data collection procedures e A customer-focused service provider

e Maintain high level of confidentiality over sensitive information ® Positively maintain a professional and encouraging attitude

e Ability to work independently and within diverse/multicultural e A problem solver with a focus on continuous improvement, who is
audiences always learning, open to feedback and takes action as required
e Organizational Skills e Ensuring Patients Comfort
Work HIsToRy

WIC NUTRITION EDUCATION SPECIALIST, 11/2018 - Current
U.S. Physical Therapy — Brattleboro, VT
e Determine WIC program eligibility in accordance with local, state, and federal regulations and procedures.
¢ Conduct interviews and accurately documents information on residency, income, and family situation in a computerized participant
database.
¢ Obtain, evaluate, and document measurements of sature, weight, and hemoglobin
¢ Provide participant centered nutrition education to participants individually or in groups according to age, category, health risks, and family
needs
* Conduct ongoing quality assurance in laboratory procedures
e Evaluate WIC applicants and participant's needs for health care, financial, and social assistance in order to make and document appropriate
referrals
e Maintain security and inventory of food instrument supplies
e Participate in community outreach activities
e Attend meetings, trainings, and conferences as required
* Utilize the Getting to the Heart of the Matter style of emotion based nutrition counseling
¢ Provide breastfeeding support and promote a culture of breastfeeding
¢ Record and collect data required by the State or Local Agency

SPECIAL NEEDS CHILD CARE PROVIDER . 06/2017 - 12/2019
Brooks Furniture — City, STATE
¢ Worked to improve and enhance patient lives through effective and compassionate care.
e Built solid and trusting rapport with children and families, fostering trust and communication to meet case needs.
*« Documented data and completed accurate updates to case records.
¢ Evaluated client progress toward established annual and quarterly goals.
e Increased level of independence by providing daily undertakings that promote self-management by assisting consumers in their daily
personal tasks including bathing and dressing.
e Analyzed overall client performance and recommended the reassessment of specific plan goals.
e Applied play-based strategies, including crafts and games, to provide diverse approaches to learning.
e Educated students in foundational concepts such as shapes, numbers and letters.
* Consulted with parents to build and maintain positive support networks and support continuing education strategies.

FRONT DESK ASSISTANT, 01/2016 - 05/2018
Northern Arizona University - Student Affairs — City, STATE
* Created and updated physical records and digital files to maintain current, accurate and compliant documentation.
¢ Delivered top-notch administrative support to office staff, promoting excellence in office operations.
¢ Conducted thorough research using diverse resources to assist professional staff with routine and special project tasks.
¢ Sorted, opened and routed incoming correspondence and deliveries to help senior leaders respond quickly to business and customer
requirements.
e Assisted customers by answering questions and fulfilling requests.

¢ Reported facility and room maintenance problems to appropriate personnel for immediate remediation.

SALES ASSOCIATE, 07/2013 - 12/2015
Old Navy — City, State
e Worked alongside retail representatives to boost sales by enhancing product presentations.
e Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.
e Analyzed and properly processed product returns, assisting customers with finding alternative merchandise to meet needs.
* Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.
e Applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft.
e Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.
e Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.
e Prepared cash deposits up to $25,000.
¢ Tracked stock using company inventory management software.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Public Health, 07/2018
Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ
¢ Minored in Biology & Social Work

High School Diploma: 05/2015
Sierra Linda High School - Tolleson, AZ