Paula Jones

(7) paula_z7jones@gmail.com 9 662 Granter Lane, North Salem, NY 10560, United States

Profile

Passionate and effective ESL Teacher with experience helping students to improve
their English language vocabulary, reading comprehension and writing. Adept in all
aspects of activities in the four areas of language learning: Speaking, Writing, Reading,
and Listening. Bringing forth several years of experience, combined with a passion for
serving as an effective educator and helping students to achieve proficiency in the
English Language.

Employment History
ESL Teacher, The Harvey School, Katonah
June 2014 — September 2079
* Conducted home language surveys to determine the needs of a student.
e Placed students in programs that best suited their needs.
¢ Planned and implemented lessons that consisted of skill building techniques for
reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
« Conducted small group and individual lessons.
e Attended professional development workshops to remain informed about the
best techniques and strategies for English Language Learners.
« Identified and suggestion additional resources for English Language Learners
and their families.

ESL Teacher, Yonkers High School, Yonkers
August 2017 — May 2014
* Created effective curriculum for English Language Learners and provided
instruction that met the needs of all students.
* Modified lessons for individual learners based on their current skill-set and
needs,
« Incorporated a variety of centers in the classroom that aimed to boost the
achievements of English Language Learners.
¢ Worked with families of students to promote learning techniques.
e Created and fostered a trusting atmosphere where students felt comfortable
and supported.

Education
Master of Science in Teaching, Fordham University, New York

August 2009 — May 2017

Bachelor of Sociology, Manhattan College, New York

August 2005 — May 2009

References
Dr. Len Rosenthal from Fordham University

\ (914) 232-5477

Details
662 Granter Lane
North Salem, NY 10560
United States
(914) 232-5477

ula z7jones@gmail.

Skills

Lesson Planning
2 Eee oa eo

Lesson Modification

Differentiation Techniques
= oe os ee

Language Building Activities

Languages
Spanish

German
A ha ay Sv