Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Website, Portfolio, Profiles

e www.linkedin.com/in/nkemdi-Claire-33908120a

Professional Summary

Organized Teacher successful at providing classroom and emotional structure for special needs children required to flourish in
academic setting. Certified and licensed in GA and recognized as highly qualified educator. Coordinates well with classroom

teachers with supportive strategies for behavior management and lesson accommodations for students.

Skills
¢ Skills Development ¢ Self-Contained Classrooms
¢ Material Selection ¢ Different Learning Styles
e Competent in Smart Board Technology ¢ Project Requirements
¢ In-Depth Knowledge of Autism e Special Assignments
¢ Progress Evaluations ¢ Interventions Understanding
e Head Teacher Support e Classroom Observation
¢ Curriculum Adjustments e Educational Opportunities
e Lesson Planning ¢ Positive Role Model
e Instructional Strategies e AAC Devices
¢ Motivating Students ¢ Parent Relationship Management
¢ Learning Style Assessment e Instructional Techniques
¢ Behavior Modification ¢ Information Confidentiality
¢ Conflict Resolution Techniques * Cognitive Disabilities Knowledge
¢ De-Escalation Techniques ¢ Emotional Disorders
e Admission, Review and Dismissal Process e Autism and Spectrum Disorders
¢ Individual Education Plans IEPs * Positive Interactions
¢ Job Readiness Training ¢ Daily Facility Operations
¢ Parent Communication * Google Applications
e Student Records Management ¢ Administrative Organization

¢ Classroom Management

Work History

Special Education Teacher, 08/2012 to Current
Seneca Center — Fremont, CA

¢ Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying instructional
knowledge and methods to support goals.

¢ Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to
inform parents and school administration.

¢ Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.

¢ Taught multiple subjects to students with intellectual or emotional disabilities.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans focused on areas for
improvement.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

¢ Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

¢ Led activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.

¢ Partnered with standard education teachers from across academic departments.

¢ Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

e Instructed students with physical and cognitive disabilities.

e Organized instruction material, constructed bulletin boards and set up work areas.

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.

¢ Worked with students with moderate to severe autism to increase life skills.

¢ Designed and implemented point system to encourage positive behavior.

e Communicated nonverbally with children to provide comfort, encouragement and positive reinforcement.

¢ Created learning and content strategies to meet needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

School Assistant, 08/2005 to 08/2012
Primrose School — Kingwood, TX
¢ Helped with meal and snack preparation and feeding children.
e Attended staff training sessions, meetings and programs sponsored by school and district.
e Supervised classroom during brief teacher absences.
e Prepared instruction materials, constructed bulletin boards and set up work areas.
¢ Instructed small groups of students in basic concepts such as alphabet, shapes and color recognition.
¢ Kept classrooms clean, neat and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.
e Oversaw students in classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules and support lead teacher.
¢ Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive learning
outcomes.
¢ Reported on student progress, behavior and social skills to parents.
¢ Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ Relieved classroom teacher during breaks and maintained order and structure in classroom.
¢ Handed out classroom materials, like pencils, paper and crayons.
¢ Collated classroom materials to help teachers prepare for daily instruction and activities.
¢ Tailored lesson plans for students with emotional and cognitive disabilities.
e Encouraged dynamic and pleasant educational environment by promoting both gentle discipline and cooperation.
e Organized and guided skills practice, research and memorization tasks for students.
¢ Monitored students on field trips, handling roll call and group movement to keep youths safe in public settings.
e Graded tests and papers and recorded grades for teaching staff.
¢ Maintained head count and attendance sheets.
e Implemented practice exercises and used repetition, enabling students to grasp new concepts quickly.
e Prepared reports and paperwork for parent-teacher conferences.

Behavioral Interventionist, 07/1995 to 06/1997
Witco, Inc. — Ontario, OR
¢ Collaborated with team members, school personnel and family members to develop individual plans of care for students.
e Offered crisis counseling and intervention at school, home and in community to support student needs.
¢ Consulted with [Job title] to drive program efficacy.
¢ Signed diagnostic assessments and individual plans of care to initiate client treatments.
¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working
environment.
¢ Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
¢ Offered friendly and efficient service to customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.
¢ Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.
e Served customers and followed outlined steps of service.
¢ Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.
¢ Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.
¢ Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.
e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.

Nursing Assistant, 08/1988 to 06/1992
Amita Health — Navarre, FL
e Checked patient vitals such as temperature, blood pressure and blood sugar levels.
¢ Documented care actions by completing records and logs in medical software system.
¢ Answered call lights and supported patient comfort and safety by adjusting bed rails and equipment.
e Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.
¢ Helped patients effectively manage routine bathing, grooming and other hygiene needs.
¢ Promoted good oral and personal hygiene by aiding patients with shaving, bathing and teeth brushing.

Education

Master of Arts: Education, 05/2011
Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI
¢ Completed professional development in Adult Educaion

Bachelor of Science: Counseling And Student Services, 05/1997
Point University - Atlanta, GA
¢ Completed professional development in Human Resources Specialist

Specialist of Education: Special Education, 05/2016
University of West Georgia - Carrollton, GA
¢ Professional development completed in Special Education

Reading Endorsement: Reading Endorsment, 05/2016
University of West Georgia - Carrollton, GA

Associate of Science: Applied Psychology, 05/1992
North Shore Community College - Danvers, MA

Affiliations

Igbo Union Atlanta

International Women Association

American Special Education Teachers

PAGE of Georgia

International Reading Society

President Imo Women Elite Club

Founder Rightstep Global Education Foundation
Board Of Director

Imo Women Elite Foundation International
President/Board of Trustees Okigwe Zonal Progressive Women Association

Member Georgia Democrates
Woman leader Imo State Congress of America

Awards
Imo State Congress Of American Excellent Leadership Award

Certifications

¢ BCAT - Board Certified Autism Technician
¢ Autism Training -
¢ Licensed Teaching Licnecence

Languages

English:
Negotiated: