JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept
at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.

SKILLS
¢ Payroll liability and deductions * PC proficient
¢ PeopleSoft HRMS e Administrative operations
« Conflict mediation e Organization and efficiency
« Strong problem solver e Customer relations
« Data entry e Spanish skills
EXPERIENCE

06/2021 to Current Director of Religious Education
Archdiocese Of San Antonio — New Braunfels, TX

e Conferred with parents and staff to discuss educational activities, policies and student behavior or learning
problems.

e Partnered with teaching staff to develop and improve curriculum offerings for students.

* Created congregational awareness to encourage religious education program participation.

e Determined allocations of funds for classroom supplies and materials, authorizing purchases.

e Conducted conferences dealing with interpret religious ideas or convictions.

¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

¢ Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our
products and services.

e Planned and completed group projects, working smoothly with others.

11/2017 to Current Administrative Assistant
Service Corporation International — Whittier, CA
e Answered phone calls and emails to provide information, resulting in effective business correspondence.
e Provided secretarial and office management support while building cooperative working relationships.
e Inventoried and ordered supplies for office.
¢ Scheduled appointments, meetings and events for management staff.
e Responded effectively to sensitive inquiries or complaints.
e Maintained accurate department and customer records.
e Coordinated appointments, meetings and conferences.
e Managed physical and digital files, monitored spreadsheets and updated reports to coordinate project materials.
© Developed administrative processes to achieve organizational objectives and improve office efficiency.
e Organized both physical and digital files and updated reports to coordinate project materials.
¢ Prepared and prioritized calendars and correspondence.
e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel.
¢ Tracked and submitted employee timesheets to prepare for payroll processing.
e Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents, maintaining front desk and
reception area in neat and organized fashion.
¢ Created spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel for record-keeping and reporting.

07/2014 to 07/2017 Collections Specialist
Electro Rent Corporation — Roanoke, TX
¢ Notified customers of delinquent accounts with attempt to collect outstanding amounts.
e¢ Remained calm, stayed professional and provided exceptional service on calls, even when interacting with difficult
individuals.
¢ Processed payments over phone and set up recurring drafts.
e Received payment and posted to appropriate customer accounts.
¢ Recorded and updated customer personal accounts with accurate contact information.
e Arranged for debt repayment and established repayment schedule based on customer finances.
e Reviewed accounts to determine payment plan compliance.
e Developed collection methods to achieve or exceed company financial goals.
¢ Recorded information about customers’ financial status and collections status efforts.
¢ Prepared documentation required for collection and repossession activities.
¢ Located and notified customers of delinquent accounts by mail, telephone or personal visits to solicit payment.
¢ Marketed delinquent mortgage notes to investors, negotiating to achieve highest bids for notes and short sales.

05/2007 to 06/2014 Veterinary Assistant
Summit Veterinary Referral Center — Tacoma, WA
e Assisted veterinarians in examining animals.
e Restrained and stabilized animals during examination and treatment to prevent injuries.
¢ Obtained information and history from clients to maintain medical charts.
e Released patients to owners with care directions from veterinary staff.
¢ Scrubbed, counted and packed surgical instruments and drapes for autoclave sterilization.
¢ Communicated with veterinarians and staff members to maintain patient flow.
e Cared for animals in post-operative recovery by closely monitoring vital signs and progress.
e Assisted doctors and technicians by soothing upset or frightened animals.
¢ Documented and tracked treatment activities.
e Organized operating room ahead of procedures and assisted veterinarians during surgeries.
e Addressed healthcare needs of animals by coordinating with veterinarians and following orders.
¢ Helped veterinarian with neutering, tooth removal and casting broken bones.
¢ Delivered attentive, courteous service to promote overall patron satisfaction.
e Trained new veterinary staff on office procedures and requirements.
© Operated radiographic and ultrasound equipment.
e Administered immunizations, blood plasma and other medications to animals as prescribed by veterinarians.
e Cleaned and maintained kennels, holding areas and surgical rooms.
e Handled and restrained animals following safety requirements and procedures.
e Assisted veterinarians during procedures and examinations, calming animals and handing instruments.
e Fed and watered animals in care, following special diets and regular medication administration schedules.
e Restocked and sanitized exam rooms for ample supplies and disease control.
e Answered pet owner phone calls and responded to questions while taking messages for staff veterinarians.
¢ Performed laboratory tests, x-rays and other diagnostic tests to check animal health.
e Reviewed pet records from daily visits and appointments, entering important data into system.
e Sterilized and maintained veterinary care instruments and equipment.
e Offered every owner exceptional customer service and support as well as top-notch care to each animal.
e Supported euthanasia procedures and disposal following regulations and owner preferences.
e Administered immunizations and treatments following veterinarian instructions.
¢ Collected fluids from animals for laboratory testing.
© Monitored post-surgical pet care and administered medication under vet direction.
e Advised clients on animal care, nutrition and behavior problems.
¢ Clipped animals' claws and polished teeth to maintain hygiene.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2006 Associate of Arts
Palm Beach State College - Lake Worth, FL

Activities AND Honors

Active in our local Youth Sports League since 2014.