JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Versatile Special Education teacher full of passion and patience with 17 year of experience in the field of education. Empathetic and
accommodating in designing engaging lessons. Exceptional skills collaborating with other teachers, parents, and specialists to help meet the
educational. social, and emotional needs of students.

SKILLS
e Writing IEPs e Writing FBAs and BIPs
¢ Data collection and analysis e Teacher mentor
e Differentiating instruction e Kagan trained

¢ Collaborating with gen ed teachers

Work History

11/2010 to Current Special Education Teacher
Jertex Education — Chandler, AZ

e Special Education Inclusion Teacher Grades 3rd - 6th for 10 years (Average caseload of 32 students)

e Special Education Teacher of Self-Contained Class Grades 4th - 6th for 2 years (Average class size of 18 students)

e Collaborate regularly with Gen Ed Teachers in ELA and Math

* Co-Lead Teacher of Exceptional Education Department

e Teacher Leadership Academy

e Teacher Mentor

e LEA representative on IEP Team

¢ Clinical Educator Training

e Lead Professional Developments for Snap and Read, Learning Ally, Differentiated Learning, and Providing
Accommodations in the Classroom

e Kagan Workshop

¢ Coordinator of 6th Grade Student Orientation

e Enrich Administrator

e¢ ESOL Endorsed

¢ Used various instructional techniques and technologies to accommodate general education curriculum for special-
needs students.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans focused on areas
for improvement.

e Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

e Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups.

¢ Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying
instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

08/2010 to 11/2010 3rd Grade Teacher
Vertex Education — Phoenix, AZ
© Member of Professional Learning Community (PLC).
e Planned engaging lessons according to state standards.
¢ Collaborated with administrators on classroom policies, management strategies and discipline.
¢ Taught students subject-specific material, learning strategies and social skills.
¢ Implemented classroom management system to enhance class morale and engagement.
¢ Taught lessons encompassing skill-building activities in speaking, writing, reading and listening.

06/2008 to 06/2010 Special Education Teacher
Vertex Education — Mesa, AZ

e Teacher of 12:1:1 Alternative Diploma Employment Preparation & Transition program Grades 10th - 12th

¢ Trained in Fountas and Pinnell Benchmark Assessment.

¢ Created regular community-based student instruction experiences.

e Created Behavior Intervention Plans.

© Member of Special Education Curriculum Council.

© Collaborated with Fairport's Transition Coordinator to create student job shadowing opportunities, and with
Fairport Job Developer to create student work study experiences.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying
instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

¢ Taught multiple subjects.

e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

© Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

¢ Implemented and taught life skills program, enabling students to master such tasks as checkbook balancing and
laundry.

e Pitching Coach for Fairport’s Varsity Softball Team

08/2005 to 06/2008 Special Education Teacher
School Of The Arts — City, STATE

e Special Education Inclusion Teacher Grades 7-12

e Average caseload of 12 students

¢ Collaborated with gen ed teachers in 7th - 9th grade math, 7th grade reading, and 9th - 12th grade science.

© Member of Functional Behavior Assessment Team.

e Founder professional development reading circle.

e Used various instructional techniques and technologies to accommodate general education curriculum for special-
needs students.

© Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

e Assisted struggling students to maintain progress levels by designing individualized lesson plans focused on areas
for improvement.

e Taught Math, Reading, and Science in Integrated Co-Taught setting

¢ Taught in Resource Room setting.

EpucatIon
08/2005 Master of Science: Education
SUNY Geneseo - Geneseo. NY
12/2003 Bachelor of Science: Education
SUNY Geneseo - Geneseo, NY
06/1999 High School Diploma
Christian Brothers Academy - Syracuse, NY
CERTIFICATIONS

e NY Permanent Certification - Special Education (Grades K-12)

e NY Permanent Certification - Elementary Education (Pre K - 6th Grade)

¢ FL Professional Certification - Exceptional Student Education( Grades K-12)
¢ FL Professional Certification - Elementary Education (Grades K - 6)

e FL Professional Certification - Reading (Grades K - 12)

e FL Endorsement - English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL)