PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Academically-astute Student Advisor with superior listening and counseling skills. Understands academic
offerings and occupational outlooks and guides students in making wise, life-impacting decisions. Innovative
professional with expertise in promoting academic, career and social development programs. Possesses
excellent communication, problem-solving and organizational skills. Trusted advisor goes extra mile to help
individuals succeed. Dedicated Customer Service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven
multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining professional relationships to increase profitability and drive
business results. Professional Call Center Customer Service Representative committed to providing
courteous, prompt, detailed and accurate support. Experience managing outbound and inbound calls and
handling emergency issues with patience and tact. Strong leader and problem-solver dedicated to
streamlining operations to decrease costs and promote organizational efficiency. Uses independent decision-
making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success.

Educational Enrichment

« Academic Standards

« Resource Identification

« Individual Education Plan Expertise
« Student Development

e« Administrative Ability

« Positive Reinforcement Strategies
« Problem Resolution

« Student Recruitment Knowledge

« Excellent Written and Oral Communication
« Detailed Evaluations

e« Database Maintenance

« Issue Identification

« Call Center Operations

« Good Listening Skills

« Call Controlling

« High-Volume Environments

« Corporate Policies and Procedures
« Documenting Calls

« Efficiency Determination

e Setting Up Files

e« Sales Referral Coordination

© EDUCATION ADVISOR

Care | Atlanta, GA

Customer Needs Assessment
Customer Inquiries

Customer Correspondence
Complaint Resolution

Sales Strategies

Customer Satisfaction

Online Systems

Database Management
Customer Account Management
Online Chat

Quality Assurance Evaluation
Efficient Data Entry

Customer Data Confidentiality
Call Volume and Quality Metrics
Sales and Upselling

Microsoft Office

Goals and Performance

Issue and Complaint Resolution
Customer Retention Strategies
Calm and Professional Under Pressure
Typing over 40 + WPM
Documentation

11/2027 to CURRENT

e Assist individuals who are seeking more information about furthering their education
e Consistently exceed specific & attainable sales goals as well as quality assurance requirements
e Provide a positive customer service experience by education customers, responding to their questions,

and overcoming objections

e Exemplify professionalism & a positive attitude for each and every potential student.

e Evaluated, updated and documented student progress towards educational plan and state standards
by examining student learning and fostering engagement through

e Assisted students in exploring and selecting career paths.

e Provided information and coordinated referrals for available programs.

e Monitored student progress to drive successful academic outcomes.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Supported positive educational and behavioral practices.

e Established professional and cooperative working relationships by maintaining visible and accessible

presence in school community.

e Provided support and guidance to students experiencing academic and personal troubles.

e Received and reviewed transcripts to determine eligibility for admission to college or specific programs.
« Determined validity and reliability of data gathering methods.

e Assisted students in selecting courses to align with interests and abilities.

PRODUCTION OPERATOR
Corteva, Inc. | Ghent, NY

12/2020 to 10/2021

e Coordinates the efforts of the work team on an assigned line

e Ensures that quality requirements are met for production

e Ensures effective communication with the team, maintenance technicians and production department
e Assists supervisor and team lead with material handling

e Performs assigned quality checks, housekeeping, daily paperwork and any miscellaneous task

assigned by management., for Lower Rails

e Placed raw and nutted materials onto fixtures for welding robots as well as perform tip changes on

robots

e Inspected every part for bad/missing welds, slag. missing parts, quality, and etc
e Documented production information via daily system logs and discussed issues with management.

e Kept cell clean and clear from potential hazards

e Promoted to Acting Team Lead for Lower Rails and Nutters after 3 months
e Monitored production process and covered breaks for workers on Lower Rails and Nutters

e Trained new employees on Lower Rails and Nutters

e Took on additional shifts during peak work periods to keep projects on schedule.
e Ensured every cell and nutter had the correct amount of parts to run an order to complete daily

production

e Worked with supervisor to coordinate workflow and updated daily production team accordingly.

e Inspected final products to assess compliance with quality standards and established tolerances.

e Used established assembly instructions to complete jobs quickly, accurately, and with zero errors.

e Assisted quality assurance by inspecting items and removing defective parts.

e Followed instructions to make products in line with customer specifications.

e Recorded data and maintained accurate records to avail information for reference.

e Monitored inventory and notified supervisor about low stock items to obtain more supplies necessary for

production process.

OF ER SELECTOR/DOCK WORKER

Hopkins Manufacturing Corp. | Arlington Heights, IL

12/2019 to 12/2020

e Accurately selects groceries ordered online by customers
e Selects highest quality produce, meat, and other fresh products
e Select, scan, and bag items from all temperature zones

e Cart to and place in holding area for pick-up

e Coordinates all outbound shipping by organizing dock doors, vehicles, and drivers and ensures all

loads leave on time

e Communicates with Logistics to ensure outbound loads are accurately reflected in routing software
e Verifies all totes are accounted for in the warehouse management system and closes loads once

completed

e Moves delivery vehicles for loading and unloading

e Palletized totes and wraps pallets for delivery to stores and pickup kiosks.

e Loaded, unloaded, and sorted cargo as part of accurate and efficient weekly shipments.

e Used fork lifts, hand truck, and pallet jacks to move materials on dock.

e Used hand-held scanners and physical logs to accurately track item movements.

e Prepared orders by processing requests, pulled materials from warehouse, packed boxes, and

prepared shipments.

e Moved boxes and organized aisles to open up floor space and enable forklift operators to move freely

through warehouse.

e Operated warehouse equipment and reported instances of safety code violations to management to

reduce risk of accidents.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
The Results Companies | City, STATE

01/2019 to 12/2019

e Dispatch to emergency responders and roadside assistance

e Communicate with customers over the phone

e Navigate a computer with multiple windows and screens

e Resolve any customer issues while providing an exceptional customer experience

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer

needs and resolving concerns.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Responded to customer requests for products. services, and company information.

e Updated account information to maintain customer records.

e Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants.

e Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

e Utilized customer service software to manage interactions and track customer satisfaction.

e Tracked customer service cases and updated service software with customer information.

e Handled customer inquiries and suggestions courteously and professionally.

¢ Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.
e Analyzed customer service trends to discover areas of opportunity and provide feedback to

management.

« Processed customer service orders promptly to increase customer satisfaction.
« Clarified customer issues and determined root cause of problems to resolve product or service

complaints.

« Provided excellent customer care by responding to requests, assisting with product selection and

handling ordering functions.

High | Health and Human Services
Grandview High School, Grandview, MO