OFFICE OF

Ne ir CAREER & PROFESSIONAL

DEVELOPMENT

Education Resume, Cover Letter
& Reference Guide

RESUME
One of the most important aspects of your job search is creating your resume. On average, administrators spend less
than 30 seconds screening it, so it is essential for your resume to project a clear and concise picture. The purpose of a
resume is to market your education-related skills, experiences, and achievernents so that you obtain an interview,
therefore you should tailor your resume to the position you want.

Formatting Tips

There are no set rules regarding how to format your resume, however there are general guidelines you can follow when
writing your resume, Ultimately you are encouraged to pick the format that best highlights your skits and
accomplishments.

LENGTH: Education majors typically use a 2 page resurne as there are a number of requirements and experiences
education students acquire and those should be documented on your resume,

PAGE NUMBERS: Always include Your Name, Page 2 on the second page of your resume, in case It gets separated from
the first,

PRIORITIZE: Place your most important information toward the top of the resume, You may want your first section to be
tithed "Teaching Experience”, where you would then include your student teaching positions,

PROOFREAD: Check and recheck for spelling and grammatical errors. Have Career Services, as well as someone in the
teaching profession, review your resume and provide feedback,

FORMAT; Start with a blank Word document. You may want to start by making a list of all of your experiences,
certifications, accomplishments, Avoid using templates because they may not allow you to easily move information or
change bullets, fonts, or text sizes.

PRINTING: Print your resume on quality, white, grey or off-white paper,

SAVE: If e-mailing your resume, use your name when saving the document. Be sure to save your resume in multiple
locations.

PERSONAL INFORMATION; Do not include a photograph or other personal information such as age, weight, height,
marital status.

FONT: Use easy to read fonts (Ex: Times New Roman, Arial, Calibri, Cambria, etc.). Keep font sizes between 10 point and
12 point.

MARGINS: Keep margin wkiths between .5" and 1”.

20403-4040 © careerniasnceda © www edu/eareers © Todd Webe Hall 215