SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| would love the chance to interview with your company. | have at least 10 years of experience working with the
public. | think | would be a great addition to your team. Thank you for taking the time to read my resume and
I'l be looking forward to your call. High volume transactions Customer direction Sheli-cleaning Coupons and
gift cards Excellent verbal communication Money management Customer service Coin counting Cash
Handling Cleaning and sanitizing Store merchandise handling Cash handling policies Store cleanliness and
appearance Product recommendations Sales Customer needs assessment

Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving
every customer a positive and memorable experience.

Ambitious, career-focused job seeker, anxious to obtain an entry-level [Job Title] position to help launch
career while achieving company goals.

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and
exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.
Dependable team member trained in register operations and customer service. Contributes to smooth front-
end operations and goes beyond requirements to handle customer needs. Reliable, team-oriented, and
efficiently completes assignments.

Committed job seeker with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices.
Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the
organizational brand.

« Basic Math « Customer Service
« Critical Thinking e¢ Organizational Skills
« Planning & Organizing e Friendly, Positive Attitude
« Supervision & Leadership e Reliable & Trustworthy
« Training & Development e Active Listening
« Good Work Ethic e« People Skills
SKILLS EDUCATION CASHIER 05/2021 to 11/2022

Commonwealth Assisted Living | Danville, VA

e Rang up customer Stocked shelves Credit cards, checks, gift cards, and coupons were all processed by
me.Educated customers about [Type] promotions to increase sales

e Immediately informed the manager of any accidents, injuries, or unsafe working conditions

e Keep checkout areas clean and orderly, as well as perform other cleaning tasks such as mopping floors
and emptying trash cans

e Provide excellent customer service by scanning and bagging groceries quickly and courteously, as well
as answering phone calls

e Stocked shelves

e Credit cards, checks, gift cards, and coupons were all processed by me

e Educated customers about [Type] promotions to increase sales

e Immediately informed the manager of any accidents. injuries, or unsafe working conditions

e Keep checkout areas clean and orderly, as well as perform other cleaning tasks such as mopping floors
and emptying trash cans

e Provide excellent customer service by scanning and bagging groceries quickly and courteously, as well
as answering phone calls

¢ Trained team members to work as cashiers in accordance with company policies and procedures

e Processed new orders quickly and accurately, completing [Number]+ daily transactions

e Helped customers by answering their questions and completing their requests

e Used cash registers and POS systems to request and record customer orders and compute bills

e Efficiently and accurately processed a large number of transactions

e Was in charge of arranging and stocking [Type] merchandise

e Handled POS transactions such as checks, cash, credit card purchases, and refunds

e Kept well-stocked cashier lanes and store shelves to promote strong sales

e Greeted them and gave them product information as customers entered

e Stayed up to date on sales by reviewing weekly sales circulars and keeping track of price changes

e Served the needs of more than [Number] customers in a busy [Type] environment

e Learned how to deal with checks and credit cards

e Greeted customers with a smile and offered prompt and dedicated assistance

e Checked customers’ identification for proof of age and refused to sell alcohol or tobacco to minors

e Aided loss prevention goals by taking proactive measures such as scanning shopping carts and
keeping track of customer behavior

e Wrapped and bagged items for customers to protect them from damage and make them easier to
transport

e Answered questions about store policies and concerns to support positive customer experiences

e Bagged merchandise with care and efficiency to minimize damage.

e Identified needs of customers promptly and efficiently.

e Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone
conversations.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e Assisted with customer requests and answered questions to improve satisfaction.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Exceeded customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.

e Understood and followed oral and written directions.

e Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each
other.

e Approached customers and engaged in conversation through use of effective interpersonal and people
Skills.

e Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.

cho 05/2017 to 10/2018
Otg | Philadelphia, PA

e Kept track of the patient's intake and dietary needs, as well as assisting with feeding

e Increased patient satisfaction by assisting with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing.
toileting, and exercising

e Cared for patients in a 12-bed unit, checking on their needs on a regular basis and maintaining high
standards of patient care

e Increased patient satisfaction by assisting with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing.
toileting, and exercising

e Built relationships with patients, caregivers, and healthcare teams in order to meet the goals of
individual care plans

e Assisted with daily living activities such as personal hygiene, feeding, and ambulation

e Observed, documented, and communicated [Type] and [Type] patient information to update the
interdisciplinary care team and permanent medical records

e Carefully and safely lifted patients from chairs to beds using mobility devices and [Type] equipment

e Checked patients’ vital signs and recorded everything | learned, noting any significant changes to
report to [Job title]

e Established and maintained long-term, quality relationships with patients’ relatives to effectively
communicate important aspects of health care

e Carefully and transport patients using mobility devices and [Type] equipment

e Interacted enthusiastically with patients through positive engagement, active listening, and respectful
conversations

e Assessed patient needs and obtained necessary care for medical and personal concerns in response
to patient alarms and requests

¢ Collected information about special dietary requirements, assessed meals, documented intake, and
assisted with feeding to promote proper patient nutrition

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing, and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness

e Cleaned and sterilized [Type] and [Type] equipment to reduce the risk of infection and contamination

e Assisted patients in remaining mobile by transferring them between beds, wheelchairs, and other
assistive devices for the most efficient transportation throughout the facility.

CfOHIER 01/1996 to 09/2002
Speedy Q Market | City, STATE

e Credit cards, checks, gift cards, and coupons were all processed by me

« Educated customers about [Type] promotions to increase sales

« Organized and reported financial data in order to keep track of payment histories and aid in sound
financial accounting

« Immediately informed the manager of any accidents, injuries, or unsafe working conditions

e« Keep checkout areas clean and orderly, as well as perform other cleaning tasks such as mopping floors
and emptying trash cans

« Provide excellent customer service by scanning and bagging groceries quickly and courteously, as well
as answering phone calls

« Trained team members to work as cashiers in accordance with company policies and procedures

e« By highlighting target merchandise with strategic promotional approaches, | was able to consistently
meet upsell goals

e Efficiently and accurately processed a large number of transactions

« Was in charge of arranging and stocking [Type] merchandise

« Add up all of the payments I've received throughout the day

« Handled POS transactions such as checks. cash, credit card purchases, and refunds

« Kept well-stocked cashier lanes and store shelves to promote strong sales

« Greeted them and gave them product information as customers entered.

Certified Nursing Aide - CNA
Ultimate Medical Academy, Tampa, FL

Pi eer Technology Center, Ponca City, OK