Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Intuitive and compassionate teacher talented at making Students with special needs feel valued and accepted. History of encouraging
children to reach full potential. Utilizes excellent organizational skills for classroom management. Dedicated employee known for
punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a difference.

Skills
¢ Competent in Smartboard technology ¢ Motivating students
¢ Excellent classroom management * Social skills development
e Mastery of Touch Math and iRead e MS Office proficient
¢ Job readiness training ¢ Scheduling proficiency
¢ In-depth knowledge of autism ¢ Basic clerical knowledge

Experience

Special Education Teacher, 07/2015 to Current
Ascension Health — Stanley, WI
¢ Worked with students with specialized needs to accomplish tasks and build practical skills.
¢ Collaborated with conventional education instructors across multiple departments to optimize student learning.
e Fostered positive and trusting relationships with students to increase engagement.
e Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs.
e Encouraged student empathy of others to build confidence and improve self-image.
¢ Established and communicated clear objectives for lessons, units and projects to students and parents.
¢ Facilitated functional life skills development in students with autism through explicit instruction and repetition to entrench
skills.
¢ Delivered specialized classroom instruction to students with developmental disorders.
e Transitioned students across grade levels through careful planning and preparation.
¢ Eliminated learning gaps and instructed students by using teaching aids and motivational strategies.
¢ Developed IEP to leverage developmental practices and educational theories to achieve educational objectives.
¢ Supervised field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos to develop social skills and community awareness.
e Maintained focused, inclusive and supportive learning environments.
¢ Kept over 12 students safe in classroom and outside environments.
¢ Prepared visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to foster learning.
¢ Utilized curriculum with life-based approach.
¢ Met with parents about student needs to garner additional support.

Paraprofessional Educator, 09/2012 to 07/2015
Jupiter House Preschool — Cedar Park, TX
¢ Provided classroom support throughout planned instruction and individual lessons.
¢ Delivered instruction individually or in small groups with support from instructor.
¢ Offered students personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.
e Cleaned and organized classrooms, materials and supplies.
¢ Maintained focused, inclusive and supportive learning environments.
¢ Complied with instructor-developed IEPs and made informed recommendations for adjustments.
¢ Monitored students in class, hallways and cafeteria to supervise, enforce rules and support lead teacher.
¢ Prepared lesson materials and visual aids to reinforce lesson concepts.
¢ Distributed classroom materials, pencils, paper and art materials.
e Supervised students and maintained security throughout school buildings and on field trips.
e Prepared bulletin boards, classroom materials and individual student portfolios to support teacher plans.

¢ Kept over 9 students safe in classroom and outside environments.

Preschool Teacher, 10/2007 to 09/2012
North Country Academy — Lenexa, KS
e Taught children foundational skills in colors, shapes and letters.
¢ Implemented hands-on, play-based strategies for experiential learning.
¢ Controlled classroom environments with clearly outlined rules and positive reinforcement techniques.
¢ Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers, directors and therapists.
¢ Encouraged children to be understanding of others, show good manners and instructed in other social development behaviors.
e Created and implemented developmentally appropriate curriculum addressing learning styles.
¢ Collaborated with colleagues on developing new classroom projects and monthly themes.
e Incorporated music, art and theater into lesson planning.

e Supervised up to 15 children on field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.

Lead Toddler Teacher, 11/2002 to 10/2007
St. Mary's Child Care - City, STATE

e Taught children foundational skills in colors, shapes and letters.

e Organized and led activities to promote physical, mental and social development.

¢ Implemented hands-on, play-based strategies for experiential learning.

¢ Controlled classroom environments with clearly outlined rules and positive reinforcement techniques.

¢ Established indoor and outdoor safe play environments for toddler-age children.

¢ Collaborated with parents to develop and maintain strong support networks and build rapport to foster seamless
communication.

e Enhanced sensory abilities by giving children access to numerous textures and shapes.

¢ Identified children in need of extra support for emotional, health-related or developmental concerns and conceived
improvement strategies.

¢ Supervised circle time, free play, outside play and learning and developmental activities.

¢ Monitored children's play activities to identify additional learning opportunities or behavioral issues.

¢ Sparked creativity and imagination by helping children discover new things each day.

¢ Read aloud and played alphabet games to encourage early literacy.

¢ Supported children’s emotional and social development by adapting communication tactics for differing client needs.

¢ Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos.

¢ Read stories to children and taught painting, drawing and crafts.

¢ Maintained daily records of individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

« Communicated with parents regularly to maintain student progress, schedule meetings and increase overall student happiness.

¢ Planned and led games, reading and activities for 2 groups of 6 children.

¢ Updated rules, safety and behavioral guidelines and disciplinary protocols to clarify and share with 18 month - 3 -year-old
students.

Education and Training
Education of Individuals in Elementary Special Education Programs

University of Nebraska At Omaha - Omaha, NE

Master of Science: Elementary Education, 05/2015
University of Nebraska At Omaha - Omaha, NE

Bachelor of Science: Public Relations, Advertising, And Applied Communication, 05/2010
University of Nebraska At Omaha - Omaha, NE