JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Special Education Paraprofessional is knowledgeable in lesson planning and individualized learning strategies. Looking to bring further
success to a school district through behavior management and student engagement. Bilingual Special Education Paraprofessional proudly
promoting 6 years working with ADHD students in elementary schools. Eager to support special needs children while working with a talented
educational team. Special Education Paraprofessional is knowledgeable in lesson planning and individualized learning strategies. Looking to
bring further success to a school district through behavior management and student engagement. Competent Special Education

Paraprofessional offering a wealth of experience in small group instruction with children of diverse ages. Passionate about education with a
desire to work with students across levels. Understands the importance of teaching solid study habits for testing success.

SKILLS

e Skills Strategies

e Tutoring and Student Assistance

« Educational Settings e Interactive Media
e Teacher Assistance * Social and Group Settings
¢ Staff Meetings e Instructional Support
Work History
08/2021 to Current Special Education Paraprofessional

08/2018 to Current

09/2015 to Current

05/2007 to Current

EpucaTIon

03/2023

05/2019

LANGUAGES

Lighthouse Academies — East Chicago, IN
e Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.
e Maintained positive attitude and affirmatively communicated with each student.
e Interacted physically and verbally with students throughout each day.
e Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment integral to students’ needs.
¢ Offered student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.
e Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues requiring intervention.
e Oversaw class of students in absence of instructor.
e Administered tests to class and graded papers.
e Contacted parents to discuss student progress and set up meetings.

Inclusion Paraprofessional
Trudeau Memorial Center — Warwick, RI
e Prepared instruction materials, constructed bulletin boards and set up work areas.
¢ Instructed small groups of students in basic concepts such as alphabet, shapes and color recognition.
e Kept classrooms clean, neat and properly sanitized for student health and classroom efficiency.
¢ Oversaw students in classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules and support lead teacher.
¢ Reported on student progress, behavior and social skills to parents.
¢ Handed out classroom materials, like pencils, paper and crayons.
e Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive
learning outcomes.

Teacher's Assistant
Dallasisd — City, STATE
e Kept classrooms clean, neat, and sanitized adequately for student health and classroom efficiency.
¢ Handed out classroom materials, like pencils, paper, and crayons.
¢ Worked with the lead teacher to monitor class schedule and take attendance.
e Oversaw students in the classroom and common areas to monitor, enforce rules, and support the lead teacher.
© She collaborated with teachers for lesson preparation by preparing materials and setting up equipment.
e She supported student learning objectives through personalized and small group assistance.
e They collated classroom materials to help teachers prepare for daily instruction and activities.
e She assisted lead teachers with lesson plan creation and materials development.

Lead Teacher/ Night Director
Kidz College — City, STATE

e For the first 2 years I started out as a lead teacher.

e Which includes lesson plan, curriculums, social development, bulletin boards, classroom designs, health and safety

e Etc

e As I advanced through the company I became night director which includes overseeing 4 other employees and
making sure the school is running properly

e Planned and implemented different daily activities to enhance the overall development and growth of every
student.

¢ Planned and implemented different daily activities to enhance overall development and growth of every student.

e By CCMS billing, Food program, children attended, hours of staff, and preschool budget planning

e Planned and implemented different daily activities to enhance the overall development and growth of every
student.

¢ Communicated frequently with parents about student growth and progress, recommending at-home reinforcement
to support struggling students.

e Maintained patience and level-headedness in diverse situations to support student development and personal
growth.

e Hired and directed teams to achieve daily and long-term operations and business goals.

e Worked closely with organizational leadership and board of directors to strategically affect operational direction.

Managed daily operations while overseeing multiple locations to foster increased productivity.

Monitored office workflow and administrative processes to keep operations running smoothly.

Delegated assignments based on plans, project needs and knowledge of individual team members.

¢ Guided student teachers and teaching aides in classroom management, leading by example and thoroughly
answering questions

e Increased student involvement in program offerings through strategic redesign of program processes and methods

e Chose optimum curriculum for each class and devised creative daily lesson plans to meet requirements and needs

of different learners

Bachelor of Science: Education
Ashford University - San Diego, CA
* Dean's List Summer 2022
°
e Honor Roll Spring 2022
e Relevant Coursework: Education and special education
e 3.1 GPA
e Extracurricular Activities: student teacher program

Associate of Science: Child Development
Eastfield College - Mesquite, TX

ASL:
Negotiated: