KATHY Ss M IT a Passionate and detail-oriented certified teaching candidate seeking the right opportunity to

share my enthusiasm for educating young people. Two-years of teaching experience, a

strong work ethic infused with exceptional patience, conflict resolution, multiple learning

methods, organization, and communication skills. Strong background with mathematics,

science, English, geography, and other social sciences. Dedication to creating a nurturing

Personal learning environment, while inspiring children to strive for excellence and exceed their
educational personal life goals.

fe Address
71 Cherry Court, Cox Row
Southampton SO53 5PD
\ Phone number Work Experience
SN eA Teaching Internship Jul 2020- Present
Email Hampshire Elementary School
example@cvmaker.uk
Responsible for educational lesson planning and online instructional courses during global
Skills pandemic for 6th grade students in Southhampton, UK. Daily duties include -
Microsoft Word CRM eeeeo e General education lesson planning for a diverse group of students.
Microsoft Excel ecc5e e Taught English, Math, Science, Geography, History, and Physical Education.
Creativity / Patience ece e Quiz and test writing, grading, and feedback to students.
e Creating a positive learning environment.
Effective listening eecee e Stimulated conversation and interaction with students.
Clear communication e@eee0 e Preparing daily, weekly, and monthly progress reports.
Adaptability eceoe e Scheduled parent / teacher meetings.
eeoeoe e Grading of homework assignments.
e Planned off-site educational field trips.
e Individual tutoring and mentoring students.
Early Education Assistant Oct 2018- Jul 2020

Hampshire Early Learning Center

Part of an exceptional team of early education assistants who supervised 4 and 5 year old
children, Duties included -

© Supervising and interacting with children.

e Collaborated with educators to create educational exercises.

e Engaged with students, parents, and other team members.

e Helped organize activities - both onsite and abroad.

e Served breakfast, lunch and snacks to children,

e Monitored students and inspired them to stay focused on tasks.

e Worked with students to develop interpersonal skills.

® Taught teamwork and conflict resolution.

Summer Camp Counselor May 2017-Sept 2017
Southampton Summer Camp

Member of Southampton's Summer Camp staff for children ages 8 through 12. Combined
duties include -

Ordering and keeping track of inventory of camp supplies.
Supervising students during camp hours.

Cleaning up camp facility before, during, and after camp hours.
Attended field trips and supervised students.

Maintained a safe environment for students.

Collaborated with fellow counselors on activity planning.