Mateo Juarez

1 Main Street
New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
example-email@example.com

Summary

Attentive Middle School Math Teacher with excellent communication skills, Organized and
driven with the innate ability to stay on task. Uses effective and efficient methods of
teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student.

Highlights
« Lesson planning expertise e Common core knowledge
« Academic performance evaluations « MS Office proficient
« IEP familiarity ¢ Bilingual in Spanish and English
« Resource management « Verbal crisis prevention intervention
e Standardized testing e Conflict resolution skill
Experience
March 2007 to Red Mountain Middle School
Current New Cityland, CA
Math Teacher

.

Conduct small group and individual classroom activities with students based on
differentiated learning needs to ensure all students are learning at full potential.
Participate in ongoing staff training sessions.

Organize parent-teacher conferences to maximize student learning opportunities and
develop forward-thinking plans to correct ongoing issues.

Employ assessment tools and proactive strategies to improve instruction methods.
Spearhead after school math tutoring initiatives to improve student grades,

September 2002 to Governor Schwarzenegger Middle School
February 2007 New Cityland, CA
Math Teacher

Attended a variety of professional development workshops centered on learning
goals, classroom management, student motivation, and engaging leaming activities.
Facilitated activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.
Encouraged students to be understanding with others.

Used the positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.

Assigned lessons and corrected homework.

Worked with an average of 28 students per class.

a
2002 Western Professional University

New Cityland, CA

Mathematics (5-12)

Bachelor of Arts

Top 3% of class

Darning Academic Achievement Award

Certifications

Credentialed Teacher, State of California
Foundation-Level Mathematics Credential