First & Last Name (14pt-16pt font)
Professional Email Address * Phone Number « Portfolio, Website or Linkedin Address (Optional)

EDUCATION

Southeastern Louisiana University City. State
Bachelor of Science ‘Arts in Name of Major Month and Year Received/Expected
Concentration, Second Major, Minor, Emphasis GPA:X_UXX/4.00
Related Coursework. Study Abroad (optional)

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Name of Company City, State
Job Title Month Year - Month Year

® Include 3-5 bullet points demonstrating skills vou have gained through this position that relate back to the job
description, Emphasize accomplishments over day-to-day tasks

@ Place an action verb at the beginning of a bullet point statement to make the statement impactful.

@ Use quantificrs such as numbers, moncy amounts, or percentages whenever possible.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Name of Company City, State
Job Title Month Year - Month Year
@ Emphasize key skills that emplovers may want to see in your resume (sometimes found in job descriptions).
@ Highlight vour results and impact by reflecting on the purpose behind the action/task
@ Make sure to use past tense verbs to describe your experiences.

PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Name of Project City, State
Name of Course Month Year - Month Year
@ Include 3-5 bullet points demonstrating skills you have gained through your project. Emphasize accomplishments
over project tasks

@ Continuc to place an action verb at the beginning of a bullet point statement to make the statement impactful.
@ Feature a bullet point that describes your team collaboration and/or Icadership skills if the project was within a group.
If the project was a group project, note your specific contributions to the group.

CAMPUS & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Your title (if applicable), Club/Organization Name Month Year - Month Year
e Asan option, add 2-3 bullet points to describe your role in the organization. Focus vour contributions to the
organization and quantify whenever possible
@ Similar to the experience sections, begin cach bullet point with a strong action verb.

SKILLS

List any skills in order of what most pertains to vour field. Skills can be in computer software, laboratory, and technical.
Language skills can be placed here as well. You can use a table here if it helps provide more space. Avoid using tables in
other parts of your resume where order or dividing information matters so thal your resume is read correctly by applicant
tracking systems.

e Skill! e Skill3 e Skill S
e@ Skill 2 e Skill4 e Skill 6
HONORS AND AWARDS

Name of Honor/Award/Grant Month and Year Given