SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

I'm a mother of 4 looking to build my work experience. I'm goal orientated and a self-starter. I have several years in data entry, Computer
skills. auditing files and customer service. I learn quick and enjoy learning new things.

SKILLS
¢ Quick problem solver e Process evaluations
¢ Respiratory equipment training ¢ Compliance standards
¢ Infection control procedures ¢ Balance sheets
¢ Collecting vital signs e Regulatory filings
¢ Collecting specimens ¢ Document review
* Medical terminology knowledge e Risk management
« Documentation procedures expert * Document management
¢ Patient relations e Interdisciplinary teamwork
¢ Calm and level-headed under duress * Quality improvements.
« Electronic charting e Program coordination
¢ Performing patient intakes ¢ Patient relationship management
¢ Helping with medication e Program support
¢ Monitoring fluids * Coaching and mentoring
e Assisting with personal grooming © Program development
e Charting expertise ® Quality control enhancement
¢ Understands medical procedures * Process development and implementation
* Quality assurance controls e Crisis intevention
e Valid Kansas driver's license e Appointment scheduling
¢ Understands mobility assistance needs ® Crisis interventionng
¢ Reliable transportation e Progress reporting
* Outstanding risk assessment skills e Bank deposits
e Auditing experience e Testing and troubleshooting
¢ Understanding of contracts e Sorting and labeling
¢ Reporting and documentation e Customer service excellence
EXPERIENCE
06/2019 to Current Special Education Paraeducator

06/2017 to Current

Pacific Medical Centers — Seattle, WA

e Coordinated with teachers to support instruction implementation through students’ specific needs and progress
evaluations.

© Collaborated with the teacher to develop effective, individualized learning strategies.

e Prepared visual aids, equipment and classroom displays.

© Helped students to develop good behavioral habits through positive reinforcement and encouragement in studies as
well as discipline and careful use of physical intervention when required.

e Created safe and nurturing environment focused on students to ensure quality learning experiences.

e Maintained focused, inclusive and supportive learning environments.

e Assisted teachers in printing class handouts and worksheets and distributing to students during classroom sessions.

© Provided support to the students through specialized accommodations, extra assistance and educational
assessments.

e Assisted special education instructors in identifying and meeting students’ individual needs.

¢ Supervised test taking and graded papers.

e Engaged and supported students with differing learning styles and cultural backgrounds.

Certified Nursing Assistant
Fallon Community Health Plan — Barnstable, MA

e Preserved patient dignity and minimized discomfort by carrying out duties such as bedpan changes, diapering and
bathing.

¢ Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and updating healthcare
team on patient status.

* Monitored and replenished medical supply inventory, facilitating optimal availability for patient care.

e Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

¢ Consulted with nurses to develop patient care plans and evaluate treatment options.

e Provided hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies and procedures.

¢ Conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals, including blood pressure, blood sugar and heart rate.

¢ Documented activities and recorded information in EMR system.

e Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.

e Supported diagnostic and treatment procedures, including setting up and operating specialized medical equipment.

¢ Collected specimens, monitored vitals and maximized patient comfort.

« Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.

e Cleaned and sanitized rooms and equipment using aseptic technique to prevent infection and cross-contamination.

¢ Volunteered to work additional shifts and overtime during busy periods to maintain proper staffing and floor
coverage.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

e Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

12/2015 to 06/2019 Support Worker

Suburban Propane — Rutland, VT

¢ Drove and accompanied clients to appointments, shopping and special events for safety and companionship.

¢ Supported clients’ social, physical and emotional needs to help integrate into local community.

e Answered questions and responded to inquiries to deliver high level of service to patients.

¢ Maintained confidential patient documentation to prevent data compromise and comply with HIPAA regulations.

e Built and maintained strong relationships with patients by successfully resolving issues and responding promptly to
phone inquiries.

e Partnered with interdisciplinary teams to implement care plans.

¢ Collaborated with social workers to support patients.

e Evaluated patient behavior and reported changes to clinical team.

e Prepared departmental contracts for attorney approval.

e Evaluated effectiveness of training by surveying trainees and managers and collecting before-and after-data
showing training impact.

12/2015 to 09/2016 Compliance Auditor

Ascension Health — Madison Heights, MI

e Maintained compliance records and kept track of any violations.

¢ Performed several audits a month going back 7 years according to internal and external regulations.
e Provided training to quality auditors.

¢ Collaborated with external partners to complete audits.

e Devised and initiated corrective strategies to improve compliance.

¢ Performed information system audits to manage internal controls and assess risks.

e Cross-trained employees, enabling completion of all priority tasks during personnel absences.

¢ Researched and implemented best practices to improve audit results.

e Analyzed balance sheets for mistakes and inaccuracies.

e Presented audit results to management teams, delivering information in non-technical terms for easy understanding.
e Performed audits of operational and financial areas to check compliance.

e Wrote reports, authored papers and organized supporting documentation.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2005

High School Diploma
Mounds High School - Mounds, OK