PROFILE

An outstanding classroom practitioner
who has a passion for educstion and
who possesses a proven track record
of leading students to high academic
achievement. Harry is committed to
safeguarding and promoting the
welfare of all pups and young people
under hés care, and is passionate about
making a real difference to the lives of
his students and their education.

SKILLS
Ano nonserse approach to doing things.

Resolving complex quenes to Cosure_

EDUCATION

University name
2005 — 2012

College name
2007 — 2009

school name
2002 — 2007

English (A)
Maths (B)

REFERENCES

Available on request.

HARRY GRIFFITHS

High School Teacher

9 | Dayjob.com, Grefton House 0123 435 7850
Birmingnam

= into@dayjod.com in| Lnkedin.com/yourname

CAREER

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Compeny name
Responsible for teaching engaging, rigorous ss well as
relevant lessons that will give the schools students 2
comprehensive education. Also heavily involved with
the school governors in maintaining = safe environment

Assessing, recording and reporting 2 pupils work.
HighSghting concerns about 2 pupéls performance.
Organising off school extracurricular activities.
Organising staff meeting: & development sessions.
Administering appropriate interventions for pupils.

2015 - 2016 HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Compeny name
Preparing pupés for examinations. Getting involved in
teacher meetings related to school planning and raising
pupil achievement levels. Encouraging in pupils the
development of academic and social-emotional skills.

= Monitoring 2 pupils academic progress/attendance
* Setting Gear classroom expectations for students.
* Developing & implementing creative lesson plans-

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name
Communicating with LEAs and parents on a regular
basis. Setting and enforcing deadlines for student work.
Working with students with learning. emotional and
behavioural needs. Teaching intense curriculums.

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name
Offering a warm and friendly welcome to all school
visitors. Analysing data and other relevant diagnostic
information and use this information in olanning future
lessons. Assigning reasonable hormework to students.

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name
Marking the work of pupils and then giving them
feedback on how to they have done. Taking part in any
school marketing activities to sttract future pupils.