JILL SANTOS

Elementary Education Professional

Engaging Elementary Education Teacher with over five years of experience
guiding individualized instruction and meeting state standards. Proficient in English as a
Second Language (ESL) instruction and Individualized Education Plans (IEPs). Seeking to bring

intelligent, enthusiastic solutions to your students at Smith High School.

Experience
2013-08 - Fourth Grade Teacher
present West School District, Smith Elementary

* Increased standardized test score for students in science (30%) and reading

(24%) by implementing creative coursework into the curriculum.

Established an extracurricular book club that resulted in 50+ students joining

and reading an average of 9 books a year.

Integrated technology into learning with Smart Boards, iPads, * and
computers.

Built a collaborative and friendly classroom environment using and enforcing
behavior guides, team teaching, and interactive learning.

2012-08 - Teaching Assistant
2013-08 West School District, Jones Elementary
* Worked in both a kindergarten and first grade classroom.
* Collaborated with classroom teacher to administer tests and
curriculum instruction to students.

* Maintained constant communication

2011-08 - Interactive Field Experience
2011-12 South School District, Wilson Elementary
* Provided teacher and classroom support.
* Led educational games and group activities.
* Leveraged knowledge in special education to support teachers and
students within self-contained (resource) and inclusion classrooms.

Education
2008-08 - University of Texas at Austin Bachelor of Science in Elementary
2012-05 Education

* Graduated Cum Laude; asked be commencement speaker at graduation.

* Active member of Alpha Phi.

Volunteer
2014-01 - Big Brothers, Big Sisters
present Active Volunteer
* Connected and built a relationship with talented 9-year old girl.
Certificates
2015 Certified in First Aid & CPR (American Red Cross)

2014 TX Teacher Certified

Personal Info
Phone

(555) 555-5555
E-mail
jillsantosL@gmail.com

www

www.janesantos.com

Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/janesantos1

Twitter
twitter.com/janesantos1
Skills
Curriculum Design
eeee
Advanced
Time Management
eeeee
Excellent

Differentiated Instruction
eee
Intermediate
Student Safety
eeee

Advanced