JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Special Education Paraprofessional knowledgeable in lesson planning and individualized learning strategies. Looking to bring further success to
a company through behavior management and student engagement. Well-trained in academic, behavioral and personal needs of students with
developmental delays and diagnoses such as autism spectrum disorder. Works with parents and teachers to implement personalized approaches
for each student.

ACCCOMPLISHMENTS

e Achieved CPI certification by completing training with accuracy and efficiency.
© Received the Golden Pen award for best staff Member in 2018 .

SKILLS
¢ Constructive Feedback e Educational Opportunities
¢ Staff Meetings e Classroom Monitoring
e Skills Strategies e Fine Motor Skills
e Interactive Media ¢ Behavioral Plan Management
e IEP Goals e Language Skills
e Instructional Support © Activity Oversight
e Teacher Assistance e Instructional Techniques
e Autism and Spectrum Disorders e Tutoring and Student Assistance
e Educational Settings e Cognitive Disabilities Knowledge
¢ Social and Group Settings e Collaborative Environments
¢ Parental Interaction e Classroom Practices
¢ School Administration e Ability to Adapt
« Lesson Plan Implementation ¢ Behavioral Disorders
¢ Positive Reinforcement Methods e Grading Homework and Tests
Work HIsTory

Special Education Paraprofessional, 02/2019 - Current
Litchfield Public Schools — Litchfield, MN
¢ Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.
e Maintained positive attitude and affirmatively communicated with each student.
e Interacted physically and verbally with students throughout each day.
¢ Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment integral to students’ needs.
e Offered student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.
e Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues requiring intervention.
e Oversaw class of students in absence of instructor.
« Administered tests to class and graded papers.
¢ Mentored staff in best practices for helping special education students excel.
*« Documented student behaviors, interventions and outcomes to enable lead teacher to address pertinent issues.
® Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive learning outcomes.
¢ Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs while carrying out IEP
goals.
¢ Monitored student classroom and outdoors activities to promote student safety.
e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning environment.
e Built and maintained effective communication and relationships with students, teachers, support staff and parents.
e Aided special education teachers in delivering important services for individuals with exceptionalities.
¢ Played essential role in delivering individualized services and supporting instruction.
¢ Increased proficiencies by attending professional developmental workshops on learning goals, classroom management, student motivation
and engaging learning activities.
e Worked cooperatively with students of various culturally diverse backgrounds and learning styles.
e Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ Helped special education teachers determine specific needs for individuals with exceptional needs.
¢ Prepared instructional materials for group and one-on-one use to comply with established curriculum.
¢ Communicated with students, teachers, staff and parents to main effective relationships for student and program growth.
e Maintained inclusive learning environment to enable students to gain maximum benefit from lessons.
e Assisted in instructional processes by communicating perceptions of student progress and needs to teacher.
e Implemented lessons initiated by teacher or related services personnel.
¢ Delivered individual services and instruction support to students and coworkers.

* Maintained student-centered, supportive environment in delivering learning experiences.

Special Education Paraprofessional, 03/2017 - 06/2018
Litchfield Public Schools — Litchfield, CT
e Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.
e Maintained positive attitude and affirmatively communicated with each student.
¢ Interacted physically and verbally with students throughout each day.
¢ Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment integral to students’ needs.
* Offered student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.
e Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues requiring intervention.
* Oversaw class of students in absence of instructor.
e Administered tests to class and graded papers.
¢ Contacted parents to discuss student progress and set up meetings.
* Documented student behaviors, interventions and outcomes to enable lead teacher to address pertinent issues.
¢ Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable positive learning outcomes.
* Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs while carrying out IEP
goals.
¢ Monitored student classroom and outdoors activities to promote student safety.
e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning environment.
e Built and maintained effective communication and relationships with students, teachers, support staff and parents.
e Aided special education teachers in delivering important services for individuals with exceptionalities.
e Played essential role in delivering individualized services and supporting instruction.
e Increased proficiencies by attending professional developmental workshops on learning goals, classroom management, student motivation
and engaging learning activities.
¢ Worked cooperatively with students of various culturally diverse backgrounds and learning styles.
¢ Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.
¢ Helped special education teachers determine specific needs for individuals with exceptional needs.
¢ Prepared instructional materials for group and one-on-one use to comply with established curriculum.
« Communicated with students, teachers, staff and parents to main effective relationships for student and program growth.
« Maintained inclusive learning environment to enable students to gain maximum benefit from lessons.
« Assisted in instructional processes by communicating perceptions of student progress and needs to teacher.
e Implemented lessons initiated by teacher or related services personnel.
© Delivered individual services and instruction support to students and coworkers.

* Maintained student-centered, supportive environment in delivering learning experiences.

Account Specialist/Meter Technician, 11/2007 - 02/2017
Community Action Program For Central Arkansas — Kensett, AR
e Checked accuracy of meters against previous data and kept detailed reports of inconsistencies.
* Repaired non-functioning meters and tested to verify operational status.
« Attended safety meetings and took part in safety awareness trainings and programs.
* Visited two-three hundred meters daily and kept detailed informational records.
e Used handheld to transfer collected data to company databases daily.
e Answered questions regarding meter readings and deescalated over situations regarding tickets or other information.
¢ Monitored collection data to collect over in past-due bills.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
© Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Connected newly installed
® Wrote citations to individuals accused of meter tampering according to city ordinance
e Attending court hearings for water fraud

Behavior Specialist, 08/1999 - 05/2006
Sumter County Disabilities & Special Needs Board — City, STATE
© Utilized positive reinforcement to maximize desired behavior and educational outcomes.
e Maintained accurate and confidential records of assigned residents.
e Supervised adults behavior during daily academic routines to secure safety of residents and staff.
e Partnered with administrative leadership to improve discipline practices based on data findings.
e Informed parents of evaluation methods used to guide instruction and document progress.
* Designed and addresses strategic goals by creating and introducing frameworks for department support.
e Planned and facilitated needs-based professional learning tools, resources and educational materials to enhance teaching skills.
® Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
© Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Interpreted general objectives, laws, policies and procedures concerning Special Education program.
¢ Help create Behavioral Intervention Plans for individual residents.
* Maintained accurate and confidential records of assigned students.

EDUCATION

Associate of Science: Criminal Justice, 06/1995
Denmark Technical College - Denmark, $C

AFFILIATIONS

¢ Pop Wamer Youth Football Association
e AAU Basketball