PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Energetic educator with proven skills in teaching [Type] students diverse subjects. Keep classrooms
organized and students on-task to facilitate effective learning. Diligent and adaptable in meeting individual
student needs with warm, safe educational environments. Versatile Special Education Teacher with focus on
individual student needs across academia and emotional development. Empathetic and accommodating in
design and implementation of hands-on lessons, catering to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing
constant communication, patience and positive reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional
educational tools, fostering academic achievement. Compassionate, creative and effective Teacher with
valuable experience in classroom administration, professional development and project planning. Equipped
with extensive background in versatile education environments. Student-centric instructor, academic facilitator
and motivational coach. Competent at performing independently or as member of teaching team. Well-versed
in classroom and online technologies.

e Technology Integration - Participated in technology training courses and trained colleagues in new
technology concepts and practices applicable for the classroom.

e Designed and conducted a well-received professional development workshop for [Schoo! Name] staff in
[Month, year].

e Experiential learning e Post-Secondary Education

« Special education « RTI familiarity

¢ Conflict resolution techniques e Student engagement

e Classcape knowledge e Testing and grading

e Student records management e Elementary education

e Test Proctoring e Special Needs Students

e Technological Instruction e Secondary education

¢ SMART Board Aptitude e Social-Emotional Learning training
¢ Positive Reinforcement e Standardized Testing

¢ Positive Learning Environment e Group and individual instruction
e Innovative Lesson Planning e Lesson Planning

e Differentiated Instruction e Classroom management

e Student Progress Reporting

TEACHER, SPECIAL EDUCATION 08/2018 to CURRENT
Geo Group Inc. | Vineland, NJ

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Reviewed curriculum and devised alternate approaches to presenting lessons to increase student
understanding.

e Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

e Evaluated and revised lesson plans and course content to facilitate and moderate classroom
discussions and student-centered learning.

e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition
to applying instructional knowledge and methods to support goals.

e Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

« Taught multiple subjects to students with intellectual or emotional disabilities.

e Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and discuss
instructional strategies.

e Networked with other educators to promote awareness of advanced teaching practices and
development of 21st Century skills.

e Devised and implemented strategies to create and maintain cohesive school community within virtual
classroom setting.

« Attended and facilitated IEP meetings for students and families.

e Attended monthly staff training sessions.

TEOHNOLOGY SUPPORT SPECIALIST 08/2013 to 08/2018
Culture Amp | Atlanta, GA

e Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.

e Devised solutions to operations issues related to [System] and [Software], working closely via phone,
email, live chat and web teleconference.

e Developed and tested new product offerings prior to release to assist development team in bug
identification.

e Created support documentation that empowered and enabled user community to extend skills, leverage
system features and find resolutions to questions without intervention from support team.

e Processed over [Number] support requests weekly for technical assistance on wide range of issues
related to [Software] and [Software].

e Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems while leveraging personal
expertise to find appropriate solutions.

e Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.

e Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users through desk side support services.

e Authored over [Number] articles and entries for [Type] and [Type] problem resolutions for addition to
support knowledge base.

e« Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop systems.

e Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic
troubleshooting tasks.

e Loaded software, granted permissions and configured hardware for new employees as part of
onboarding process.

e Assisted customers with product selection based on stated needs, proposed use and budget.

e Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.

e Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first-level troubleshooting of technical processes to
support desk staff.

¢ Collaborated with supervisors to escalate and address customer inquiries or technical issues.

PAOAEDUCATOR 12/2011 to 08/2013
South Burlington High School | South Burlington, VT

e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning
environment.

e Assessed student assignments to check quality and completeness before submission for grading.

e Collated classroom materials to help teachers prepare for daily instruction and activities.

e Used behavior modeling and specialized teaching techniques to share and reinforce social skills.

e Prepared instruction materials, including making copies, constructing bulletin boards and setting up
work areas.

e Assisted and mentored students in groups of up to [Number] by reviewing lesson teachings and
[Action].

e Instructed small groups of students in basic concepts such as alphabet, shapes and color recognition.

e Supported student learning objectives through personalized and small group assistance.

e Participated in lesson planning and curriculum implementation to promote quicker rollout and delivery.

e Set up visual aids, equipment and classroom displays to support teacher's lesson delivery.

e Monitored student classroom and outdoors activities to promote student safety.

e Assisted teachers and worked individually with students age [Number] to [Number] with special needs,
helping each navigate education system.

e Delivered personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support to individual students to enable
positive learning outcomes.

e Documented student behaviors, interventions and outcomes to enable lead teacher to address
pertinent issues.

e Assisted classroom teacher in supervising snack time and indoor and outdoor play.

Bachelor of Arts | Special Education, Elementary Education 05/2018
Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT

Mister of Education | Learning And Technology 10/2019
Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT

e [Area of certification] Training - [Timeframe]