EXECUTIVE PROFILE

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

CORE
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

My long-term career objective is to work in a position that will allow me to benefit the people in my community. |
have found employment within service organizations to meet my goals.

« Computer Literate (Macintosh, IBM)

« Curriculum Development

« Grant Writing and Fundraising

e Instructor for American Red Cross, National
Archery in the Schools Program

« Marketing

« Proficient in Corel WordPerfect Office 2000
Suite, Microsoft Office, Microsoft FrontPage,
Microsoft Publisher, Photoshop 5.0, Print Shop,
Windows 98 SE - XP

« Switchboard Operation

« Technical Writing and Proofreading (brochures,
training manuals, etc.)

« Web-Site Design and Development

) OUTDOOR EDUCATION INSTRUCTOR / SUBSTITUTE TEACHER 02/2008 to 06/2008

Primrose Schools | Gainesville, GA

e Responsible for the design and implementation of an Outdoor Education and Adventure program for
the Hillsdale ISD Alternative Middle School.

e Responsible for facilitating teambuilding activities and teaching outdoor education curriculum.

e Provide assistance and supervision for students during academic class periods.

ASOISTANT DIRECTOR 10/2005 to 01/2008
City Of Lafayette Co | Lafayette, CO

e Responsible for the overall administration and implementation of all programs, including Summer
Resident and Day Camp, Outdoor Education, Adventure and Retreats Program.

e Expanded program offerings and increased number of outside groups utilizing facility.

e Responsible for staff recruitment and training, promotion and marketing, developing new programs and
class curriculum, and coordinating schedules with clients and camp departments.

e Revised program procedures to increase participation and accountability for students.

e Supervised Summer Camp and Outdoor Education seasonal staff, as well as a full-time Program
Director.

e Evaluated all program staff on a bi-season basis.

e Oversaw all aspects of participant registration and group contracting.

CC-MMUNITY LEARNING CENTER PROGRAM DIRECTOR 06/2004 to 01/2005
Community Care, Inc | Sheboygan, WI

e Responsible for the overall administration and implementation of the Community Learning Center
programs, including the After School program, Community Education, Community Theatre and Summer
Enrichment Camp.

e Responsible for staff and volunteer recruitment and training, budget management, promotion and
marketing, developing programs and class curriculum, and coordinating participant registration and
support services.

e Authored grants to assist in funding for future programs, in addition to coordinating several fundraisers,
including a Scholarship Campaign.

e Developed budgets to prolong current program offerings.

e Chaired the CLC Advisory Committee, reported to the Montello School Board.

e Participated as a member of the Montello School District Administration Team.

D&O CAMP COORDINATOR / GRANTWRITER 10/2003 to 05/2004
Wisconsin Lions | City, STATE

e Responsible for the overall development of the new Day Camp program.

e This included creating all marketing pieces, establishing new program areas, staff recruitment and
training and curriculum development.

e Created and managed a budget of $65,000 for a five-week program.

e Responsible for recruiting, interviewing, hiring and contracting staff for the Residential Summer Camp
season.

e This included attendance at area Job Fairs, newspaper and internet recruiting, etc.

e Responsible for ordering and processing stock for the Camp Trading Post, as well as staffing, training
and day-to-day as well as online operation of the store.

e Contracted to research and author grants to benefit different Wisconsin Lions Foundation projects; this
includes raising over $13,000 in grants for scholarships.

DéO CAMP DIRECTOR 05/2002 to 01/2003
YMCA | City, STATE

e Managed the overall development and implementation of the Regional Day Camp.

e Responsible for budget management: marketing and camper recruitment: staff recruitment, training and
supervision: and program area / curriculum development.

e Coordinated program details with other St.

e Paul YMCA facilities, as well as supervising the Camp St.

e Croix Horse Program for both Day and Resident Camps.

e Maintained effective communication with Main Camp departments, including Food Service,
Maintenance, Waterfront, and the Main Office.

e Developed rosters, bus coordination, and all other administrative duties regarding the Day Camp
program, including parent communication and assisting with registration.

e Wrote the DayCroix Director's Manual and coordinated Winter Day Camp.

e Assisted with the Teambuilding and Environmental Education programs.

PROGRAM ASSISTANT 04/2000 to 04/2002
YMCA | City, STATE

e Responsible for hosting groups, providing programming and implementing Outdoor Environmental
Education programs.

e Directed Teambuilding and High Adventure Programs for campers.

e Implemented Adventure programming for "Alternative to Incarceration" students.

B.A. PSYCHOLOGY MAY 2000
Hillsdale College, Hillsdale, MI
MASTERS, ORGANIZATIONAL PSYCHOLOGY EXPECTED FEB

We_den University Online

academic, administrative duties, Photoshop 5.0, brochures, budget management, budgets, budget, bi,
Computer Literate, Curriculum Development, clients, Microsoft FrontPage, Fundraising, Grant Writing, grants,
hiring, IBM, Instructor, Teambuilding, Macintosh, Director, marketing, Microsoft Office, Office, Office 2000,
Microsoft Publisher, Windows 98, newspaper, ORGANIZATIONAL, Print Shop, programming, promotion,
Proofreading, PSYCHOLOGY, recruiting, recruitment, research, staffing, supervising, supervision,
Switchboard, teaching, Technical Writing, Theatre, training manuals, Upgrades, Web-Site Design and
Development, Corel WordPerfect, author