Rachell Higgins

Special Education Teacher

PROFILE

An energetic and passionate professional who has a successful track
record of teaching students with cognitive, physical, emotional and
behavioural problems. Rachel! comes to you with a strong background
in providing students with an environment that is targeted at success_

CAREER

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER
Company name

Responsitle for assisting in the complete educational & social
development of pupils under the direction and guidance of the head
teacher. In charge organising classes and responding to the strengths
and needs of students both during lessons in Gass and alzo outside.

2016 — Present

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER
Company name

Pianning & delivering wel structured lessons which engage & motvate
students. Planning and organising visits, field studies and special
activities connected with the teaching of the subject. Supporting the
school in delivering the national curriculum set by the government.

2015 —2016

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER
Company name

Managing resources effectively and ensuring appropriate value for
money. Organising and supporting a range of extra-curricular activites.
Achieving & maintaining high standards. Working hard to understand
the student's needs and then ptanning in detail to meet those needs.

2014-2015

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 2013-2014
Company name

Planning. preparing and reviewing the school curriculum with other
staff. Keeping an eye out for bullied school kids. Communicating

regularly with government and education departments.

ACADEMIC
Course details University name
Course details College name

Course details School name

Maths (A) English (B) Physics (C) Geography (D)

ACT

Dayjob.com, Vyse Street Birmingham
0123 436 7890

into@cayjob.com
Facebook.com/name

BGGao §

[ §

Comprehensive knowledge of teaching
procedures, processes and regulations.

Maintaining 2 neat and orderly study ares
and able to look after class equipment.

Able to deal with disruptive as well as
underperforming pupés in a firm way.

Personal
Can work with people from all backgrounds.
Sociable and friendly by nature.

Can work independently and as a tearn.

HOBBIES

Describe any interests that you have, for
instance “Harry is a self-confessed techie
who in his spare time runs his own blog
where he reviews the latest gadgets. In
addition to this, he also —....".

REFERENCES

Referee name - JOB THLE
Company - E: info@dayjob.com

Referee name - JOB TITLE
Company - E: info@dayjob.com