PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

{>}

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hardworking Teacher driven to continue to learn and grow professionally. Understand and implement new
technologies and teaching strategies. Excellent at working with different learning styles. Dedicated and highly
capable urban Elementary Educator devoted to promoting student learning and enhancing individual
potential. Skilled in directing classroom environments and enhancing student behavior through positive and
forward-thinking approaches. Caring relationship-builder with analytical mindset and good decision-making
skills. Dedicated to students' safety and well-being to enable focused learning. Known to challenge students
to reach untapped potential. Special Education Paraprofessional knowledgeable in lesson planning and
individualized learning strategies. Looking to bring further success to a school district through behavior
management and student engagement. Dedicated Special Education Paraprofessional with a background in
assisting teachers with classroom activities. Knowledgeable in school safety, learning processes and
individualized expression.

e Lesson plan implementation ¢ Differentiated instruction
e Skills strategies e Student records management
e Autism and spectrum disorders e Student progress reporting
e Teaching and instruction e Test Proctoring
e Instructional support ¢ Teaching/tutoring
e Student Supervision e Special education
SPECIAL EDUCATION PARAPROFESSIONAL 11/2016 to CURRENT

Lakeville Area Public Schools | Lakeville, MN

e Contacted parents to discuss student progress and set up meetings.

e Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues that needed to be addressed.

e Provided student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.

e Maintained positive attitude and affirmatively communicated with each student.

e Oversaw class of 5-8 students when instructor was out of room.

e Accompanied students to restroom, on field trips, to cafeteria and to playground.

e Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.

¢ Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment that was integral to students'
needs.

e Administered tests to class and graded papers.

e Communicated nonverbally with children to provide comfort, encouragement and positive reinforcement.

e Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to diverse range of developmentally
challenged students.

e Led activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Organized instruction material, including constructing bulletin boards and setting up work areas.

e Created learning and content strategies to meet needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

e Instructed students in 2 academic areas and 2 reading groups.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

¢ Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with master schedule.

e Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to
recording student progress to inform parents and school administration.

MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTIONIST 10/2011 to 02/2020
Mainegeneral Health | Winthrop, ME

e Corrected grammar, spelling and syntax mistakes.

e Documented patient medical histories, vitals and test results in electronic health records system.

e Accurately documented medical dictation to record patient care records.

e Transcribed sensitive documents with complete confidentiality.

e Recorded information using word processing, dictation and transcription software and equipment.

e Identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.

e Maintained security and privacy of records to protect patients and providers.

e Maintained compliance with legal and medical requirements, internal protocols and oversight committee
standards.

e Transcribed and edited physician reports from dictation using.

e Followed all HIPAA rules and regulations regarding patient confidentiality.

e Demonstrated excellent skills to understand diverse accents and dialects.

e Independently contracted, working through an online portal.

M(CSEUM EDUCATOR 10/2013 to 11/2016
City Of Raleigh North Carolina | Raleigh, NC

e Entertained tour guests with various props and signs to ensure maximum engagement, fun, and lasting
memories.

e Built personal relationships with guests to promote positive experiences.

e Provided information through narratives relaying little-known stories to provide interest.

e Researched and studied on topics so that such information could be added to scripts.

e Developed tour programming to enhance guest experiences.

e Answered questions, pointed out important features, and offered further details about special exhibits to
educate visitors.

e Developed exceptional attendance record with special attention to punctuality and preparation to work
upon arrival.

M(CSEUM EDUCATOR 06/2002 to 04/2013
City Of Raleigh North Carolina | Raleigh, NC

e Entertained tour guests with various props and signs to ensure maximum engagement, fun, and lasting
memories.

e Built personal relationships with guests to promote positive experiences.

e Provided information through narratives relaying little-known stories to provide interest.

e Researched and studied on topics that pertained to tour locations so that such information could be
added to scripts.

e Developed tour programming to enhance guest experiences.

e Answered questions, pointed out important features, and offered further details about special exhibits to
educate visitors.

e Developed exceptional attendance record with special attention to punctuality and preparation to work
upon arrival.

e Developed team communications and information.

e Created team of youth ambassadors who had a special interest in agriculture and livestock.

e Created and implemented training for youth ambassadors.

e Facilitated opportunities for youth ambassadors to train other youth volunteers.

Master of Science | Urban Education And Leadership
Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN

e Continuing education in Special Education
e Ongoing coursework in Urban Education, graduation date to be determined.
e Coursework in Elementary Education completed, including student teaching, as of 12/2019

Mister of Science | History
University of Indianapolis, Indianapolis

e Minored in English
e Thesis: History of Witchcraft in Scotland

Bz helor of Science | History
University of Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN
« Minored in English