SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hi, my name is Alex Claire. | am an detail-oriented Special Education Paraprofessional for Preschool students
with well-established knowledge of lesson planning and individual student learning strategies. | have worked
with students and children with special needs such as Autism, Down Syndrome, Sensory impairments, ADHD,
Anxiety, and Depression. My passion is in therapy, and | would love to become a licensed psychologist or
social worker. Since graduating from High school, | have researched Stress Management in relationship to
Anxiety and depression, volunteered with troubled teens, taken part in International Service trips, worked with
Refugee students, and supported youth with Autism.

Some hobbies/interests of mine include, traveling, photography, cooking, and making art. | am interested in
Eastern Spirituality, philosophy & traditions. | practice yoga, mindfulness, meditation, tai chi, and energy
healing.

Anything outdoors | enjoy. From trail running, hiking, climbing, kayaking, biking, camping and swimming.

¢ Positive attitude ¢ Proficient with Zoom

e Stress and Anxiety management e Certified Teachers assistant

e Early childhood education e Familiar with behavior plans & IEP goal setting
e First Ald/CPR basic training ¢ Individual one-on-one instruction

e Teamwork building skills ¢ Maintaining safe environments for young

e Basic Technology skills students

¢ Behavior modeling

SPECIAL EDUCATION PRESCHOOL PARA PROFESSIONAL 01/2020 to CURRENT
Osi Group | West Chicago, IL

e Model and teach basic skills, conflict management techniques and safety.

e Provide childcare and structured play while focusing on IEP goals and individualized behavior plans.
e Help students with personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.

¢ Applied one-on-one attention to each student, while supervising classroom.

e Observed OT and PT plans.

e Supervise students during activities and play.

e Cleaning and organizing classrooms, materials and supplies to support classroom efficiency/safety.

M.CTHINE OPERATOR 11/2020 to 03/2021
The Furniture Mart | Sioux Falls, SD

e Managed heavy machinery, switch out inserts for tools in manufacturing product.

e Manufactured product specifications and detail oriented work.

e Cleaned machinery parts, and maintained organized work station, preserving machine + production
efficiency.

e Selected proper cutting tools, calculating parameters for measuring product.

e Detected defects and machine malfunctions, issues with product/production.

e Performed minor maintenance to improve machine function.

LITT OPERATOR 11/2018 to 05/2019
Human Good | South San Francisco, CA

e Started lift each morning and performed safety inspections.

e Checked tickets of guests boarding lift.

e Answered guest questions about how to load and unload safety.

e Worked with ski and board instructors to load classes on and off lifts.

e Pulled down safety bars and secured riders according to specified attraction details.

e Trained new employees on ride operations, pointing out safety mechanisms and features.

e Maintained lift operations each day, also including shoveling, setting up safety signs, communication
with ski patrol, other resort officials, lift managers, and performing selective tasks.

SAQES ASSISTANT 10/2018 to 12/2018
Pibs Exchange | City, STATE

e Restocked shelves, racks and bins with latest merchandise.

e Provided customers with assistance when entering store through merchandise selection and completion
of purchases.

e Listened to customer needs to identify and recommend products.

e Suggested availiable products and answered questions for customers.

e Handled credit and debit card payment processing.

e Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours,
policies and promotions.

High School Diploma 05/2016
Cottonwood Highschool , Murray, UT

e Honor Roll

e Written words spoken at Graduation

« Volunteered in Special Education Classroom Senior year

« Peer aid in Refugee Study hall Senior year

e Participated in the school Art Show 2016

ScCal Science & Psychology
Salt Lake Community College, Salt Lake City, UT