SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Dedicated and knowledgeable about best practices in field, especially effective leadership strategies to motivate employee performance and
job satisfaction. Result oriented approach to cultivating complex best practices to meet organizational and regulatory expectations. Detailed
understanding of organizational and regulatory expectations to drive performance.

SKILLS
« Budget oversight © Marketing
e HIPAA and OSHA regulations e Budgetary Governance
e Performance metrics e Account reconciliation expert
¢ Payroll administration e Accounting and bookkeeping
¢ Medical practice oversight e Auditing
« Patient engagement e Reporting
e Hiring medical personnel e Payroll liability and deductions
« Resource management ® QuickBooks
¢ Client consulting e Accounts payable
¢ Insurance billing e Analytical research
¢ Policy and procedure development © Strategic Planning
¢ Mentoring and coaching * Year-end close
* Strategic business planning e General ledger accounting
¢ Managing medical practices e A/P and A/R
¢ Workflow management
EXPERIENCE
12/2019 to Current Education Advisor

Care — Atlanta, GA

e Continuing education for dentists, leading the way with an exceptional curriculum, inspired faculty, and on-demand
learning.

e Provide consultative services for dentists and specialists in creating a turnkey-style Study Club for peer-to-peer
learning in their own community.

e Providing the opportunity for like-minded dentists dedicated to continued learning, professional growth and
providing the best patient care.

e Presented range of services across student lifecycle to foster participation.

e Listened to clients' needs and assisted with identifying and securing appropriate services.

e Handled any problems or issues during project implementation.

e Created help desk tickets and performed troubleshooting to mitigate technological issues.

¢ Consulted with long-term, new and prospective customers to understand needs and propose ideal solutions.

e Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.

e Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward
common sales, service and operational goals.

e Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.

e Expanded new business, implementing effective networking strategies.

e Improved profitability, developing pipeline utilizing multiple marketing channels and sales strategies.

e Expanded network by attending industry events, identifying and pursuing leads and establishing rapport with new
clients.

01/2013 to 11/2019 Medical Practice Administrator

Hawaii Pacific Health — Lihue, HI

¢ Directed training improvements to reduce knowledge gaps and eliminate workforce performance inefficiencies.

e Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.

e Reviewed daily financial reports and reconciled accounts to keep information current and accurate.

e Enhanced production methods and improved employee motivation to maximize team productivity.

e Assigned work to employees based on project requirements and individual team member strengths.

¢ Implemented successful strategies for employee management, occupancy and revenue growth, expense control and
quality of services.

e Saved costs, negotiating vendor pricing for maintenance equipment and supplies.

e Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance to creative plans.

e Supported the entire practice's staff, which boosted efficiency and improved the overall process flow.

e Cultivated close working relationships with the entire staff, including Front Office, Surgical Assistance, Nursing
Staff, Anesthesia Staff, and Doctors.

© Motivated staff by offering direction and providing constructive feedback.

e Coordinated financial operations, including budgeting, accounting, expenses and financial reporting.

¢ Created and implemented policies and procedures for effective practice management.

¢ Complied with OSHA and HIPAA regulations.

¢ Consulted with clinicians to develop business strategy.

© Delivered income records, balance sheets and all financial documents to practice owner to keep him informed of all
potential financial issues.

¢ Collaborated with multi-disciplinary staff to improve overall patient care and response times.

e Created and maintained facility documents and records, maintaining accuracy while managing sensitive data.

© Updated procedures necessary for compounding, mixing, packaging and labeling medications.

e Recruited and hired intelligent clinical and administrative staff to bolster skills set of already talented team.

e Directed daily operations at facility.

e Drove process, efficiency and quality improvements.

e Recruited well-qualified candidates to fill vacancies.

© Rolled out up-to-date upgrades, paperless systems and system automation solutions that delivered significant
improvement in productivity.

e Oversaw management and implementation of new revenue strategies, sales initiatives and customer engagement
tactics, increasing client base [Number]%.

e Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.

e Negotiated candidate salaries and prepared employment contracts.

¢ Conducted interviews to ensure solid cultural alignment between client and candidate.

12/2009 to 08/2013 Surgical Technologist

Scottsdale Honor Health — City, STATE

¢ Main OR/NICU, Level 1 Trauma Center, CVOR offering inpatient and outpatient surgery.

e Function in the role of surgical assistant during open heart, general, pediatric, vascular, ortho, plastics, and other
operative procedures within my scope of practice and as necessary, under the direct supervision of the surgeon.

© Used hemostatic clamps, suture ligatures, and electrocautery equipment to control bleeding.

e Maintained reusable surgical instrumentation and equipment, including decontamination, cleaning, sterilizing,
storing and distributing.

e Adhered to OSHA protocols when sterilizing instruments, discarding medical supplies and disposing of waste.

e Set up equipment, tools and supplies needed for procedures and organize instruments as directed in surgeons'
preference cards.

e Effectively supported surgeons in fast-paced healthcare environments, resulting in better patient care and less pain
medication post-surgery.

e Reviewed surgical requirements and prepped operating room with appropriate tools, equipment and instruments.

e Used retractors, sponges and suctioning and irrigating equipment to create unobstructed operating fields.

e Counted and recorded sponges, instruments, and needles at beginning and end of surgical procedures.

¢ Collaborated with operating room staff to cultivate efficiency and prepare for scheduled and emergency procedures.

¢ Closed wounds using sutures, staples and other tools.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

09/2017

2016

2015

2009

05/2001

Dental Anesthesia Assistant : Dental Anesthesia
American Association Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons - Rosemont, IL

IV Therapy Certification
Gateway Community College

Surgical First Assistant: Surgical Assisting
Meridian Institute of Surgical Assisting - Nashville, TN

Associate of Science: Surgical Technology
Missouri Southern State University - Joplin, MO

High School Diploma
Pierce City High School - Pierce City, MO