JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Versatile Special Education Teacher with focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional development. Empathetic and
accommodating in design and implementation of hands-on lessons, catering to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing constant

communication, patience and positive reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools, fostering academic achievement.

SKILLS

¢ Common Core Instructional Strategies e Program Development and Management
e Differentiated Instruction e Student Progress Reporting
* Group and Individual Instruction e Distance Learning
¢ Classroom Management e IEP Development and Facilitation
¢ Motivating Students * Cognitive Testing for IEPs
* Positive Behavior Intervention and Support ® State Testing Administrator
*« Communication with Families ¢ Bilingual (Spanish)

Work History

Special Education Teacher, 08/2022 - Current
New Story Schools — Warsaw, VA Fullerton, CA
e Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying instructional knowledge
and methods to support goals.
* Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.
e Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.
¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
e 75% of Special Day Class math students improved 1 grade level or more on J-Ready Diagnostic in 6 1/2-month period.

Special Education Teacher, 01/2022 - 05/2022
Bay City School District — Bay City, MI
¢ Provide differentiated instruction in Resource Specialist Program (RSP).
¢ Develop Individualized Educational Plans (IEPs).
e Conduct 30-Day and Transition IEPs.
e Assess student learning including academic testing.
e Test Administrator for California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress.
* Behavioral support to general education teachers.

« Communication and support to parents.

Special Education Teacher, 08/2018 - 01/2022
Albany Charter School Network — Beaumont, TX
¢ Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.
© Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
¢ Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups. Approximately, 60% of students with moderate disabilities
improved one grade level in reading this year.
e Taught students with mild to moderate disabilities across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.
® Provided life skills programming for students with autism.
¢ Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.
¢ Developed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies to best address needs of students.

Assistant Principal, 10/2006 - 05/2018
New Story Schools — Warwick, PA
e Assisted Principal in management of school operations.
e Supervised and evaluated teaching and support staff through instructional leadership and professional development.
¢ Supported hiring, training, and disciplinary action in compliance with legal guidelines and requirements.
e Encouraged interdepartmental and cross-functional team collaboration in development and support of student activities, programs and
lessons.
e Built productive relationships with parents of students facing difficult situations at school or at home.
¢ Established instructional practices driven by statistical performance data.
¢ Performed classroom evaluations to assess teacher strategies and effectiveness.
e Administered standardized tests to evaluate student performance and progress. Smarter Balance Assessment Consortium (SBAC) and
California English Development Test (CELDT) coordinator.
* Coordinated development of master schedule.
¢ Behavioral Response to Intervention Coordinator. Provided strategies such as check-in check-out and school home note to 15-20 at-risk
students per semester.

School Counselor, 08/2002 - 10/2006
Company Name — City, State
e Served as English Learner Counselor, facilitated English Learner Advisory Committee, supported students with reclassification,
coordinated CELDT test.
¢ Reclassified as many as 50 students in one year.
¢ Provided crisis intervention in response to emergencies, employing existing trust and rapport to deescalate situations.
e Maintained positive relationships with students, faculty, alumni and administration.
e Assisted high school seniors complete college applications and meet requirements necessary for graduation.
e Reviewed transcripts to verify students met graduation or college entrance requirements and wrote letters of recommendation.
* Counseled students regarding course and program selection, class scheduling and registration and career planning.
e Assisted with building master schedule

Special Education Teacher, 08/1999 - 06/2002
Company Name — City, State
e Served students with mild to moderate disabilities in SDC and RSP.
© Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.
¢ Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
© Led activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.
e Facilitated all aspects of IEP development, testing, and meetings.

e Classroom management strategies.

EDUCATION
Education Specialist Instruction Credential: Special Education (Mild/Mod), 10/2014
Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA

Administrative Services Credential: School Administration, 2007
Los Angeles County Office of Education - Downey, CA

Master of Arts: Pupil Personnel Services, 2002
Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA

Bachelor of Science: Psychology And Social Behavior, 1997
University of California, Irvine - Irvine, CA
CERTIFICATIONS

Autism Spectrum Disorders Added Authorization (2017)
Crosscultural, Language and Academic Development Certificate (2016)