ROBERT SMITH
Education Specialist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

To secure a position with a well- established organization where | can maximize my multi-layer of
customer service skills, office clerical, training experience, organizational skills and educational
background that will lead to a lasting relationship.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Customer Service Skills, Office, Education, Administrative Support, Phone.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Education Specialist
ABC Corporation - January 2012 - October 2015

Key Deliverables:

« Participate in program planning, development, and implementation Conducts inspections or
reviews to determine compliance with requirements, laws, reguiations, policies; and
procedures:

» Studies and analyzes operations and problems, and prepares reports ol findings and
recommendations.

» Recommends activities to produce a more etiective program,

« Prepares justifications for procedural or policy changes.

» Provides technical assistance on program services.

» Work with program staff in determining issues and resolving technical problems,

* Evaluates research findings relative to specilic projects being developed,

Education Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

» In charpe af assigning the application trainers tasks and schedules in the classmom and in
the testing center,

« Microsott application trainer,

« Responsible for laaming-and teaching classes on Microsoft Access, Excel, Word and
PowerPoint.

» Participated in a statewide training project to train the county clams atlices in Arkansas on
the new voter registration software.

« Database Administrator and Consultant Maintained and updated all Micmsoft Access
databases used company wide.

* Lead consultant and involved in the creation, implementation and troubleshooting Access
databases for Complete Computings customers.

* Perlormed key roles in the inventory prmocess..

—_———
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines