JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Motivated Teacher dedicated to children's educational needs and development. Well-versed in presenting comprehensive lesson plans and
assessing and recording student progress. Focused and diligent professional with in-depth knowledge of teaching best practices and strong
moral values. Enthusiastic Teacher with superb leadership and communication skills. Easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with
students, parents, teachers and administration. Creates, monitors and sustains disciplined school culture of high academic and behavioral
standards.

SKILLS
e Excellent classroom management e Educational support
¢ Schedule Coordination ¢ Multitasking and Organization
e Time Management e Team Leadership
¢ Behavior modification ¢ Team Building
¢ Staff Development and Training e Phone and Email Etiquette
¢ Motivational Leadership e Adaptable and Resilient
* Complex Problem Solving ¢ Confidence and Drive
¢ Relationship Building ¢ Honesty and Integrity
¢ Decision Making e Cross-Functional Collaboration
EXPERIENCE

Special Education Paraprofessional, 09/2021 - Current
Litchfield Public Schools — Litchfield, MN
e Intervened in crisis situations between students or students and teachers.
* Consulted regularly with parents, administrators and specialists to coordinate individualized support for struggling students.
e Assessed students one-on-one to gauge interests and better meet changing demands.
* Counseled students directly on course choices, schedules and study habits.
¢ Promoted parent and teacher partnerships and communications to support students educational goals.
e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our students.
e Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
¢ Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.
* Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.

Teacher, 09/2019 - Current
Ymca Of Metropolitan L.A. — Newhall, CA
e Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.
¢ Differentiated instruction according to student skill level.
* Established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures to maintain order among students.
e Engaged students and boosted understanding of material using focused instructional strategies and hands-on activities.
¢ Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic performance.
e Created and enforced child-based, hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning.
* Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.
e Assisted fellow teachers with assignment development, special projects, tests, administrative updates and grading.
¢ Utilized behavior management skills to foster environment conducive to student learning.
« Encouraged student critical thinking and discussion using variety of teaching techniques.
¢ Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.
e Maintained safe, clean and organized classroom environment.
« Encouraged positive self-esteem and mutual respect for others while instilling joy of learning and discovery.
¢ Involved parents in student education by cultivating strong relationships.
e Managed consistent, learning-focused classroom environments by establishing and communicating clear objectives for students.

¢ Worked with parents, administrators and counselors to develop improvement plans for struggling students.

Camp Director, 07/2021 - 08/2022
Jccs Of North America — Evans. GA
© Worked creatively with other staff to develop and carry out new themes and events for camp participants.
¢ Promoted positive work environment and staff motivation through effective communication and supportive team building activities.
* Complied with safety rules to minimize incidents and accidents.
« Communicated and maintained personal contact with parents or guardians to discuss achievements and behavior concerns.
¢ Managed camp's budget and maintained and stocked all supplies and equipment.
¢ Produced forms, letters and documents needed for camp implementation.
® Created and coordinated staff schedules, daily activity schedules and field trips, maintaining proper staffing levels.
* Scheduled regular staff meeting to discuss curriculum and activities for implementation.

Teacher, 09/2019 - 06/2020
Ymca Of Metropolitan L.A. — Los Angeles, CA
e Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.
¢ Differentiated instruction according to student skill level.
e Engaged students and boosted understanding of material using focused instructional strategies and hands-on activities.
© Liaised with team of professionals to implement comprehensive educational action plans for special needs and at-risk students.
e Assisted students with understanding lesson material through example usage.
e Explored different avenues of learning with students to help each prepare for later educational environments.
© Identified early signs of emotional. developmental and health delays or problems in students and followed up with parents.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
M.S Special Education / BCBA: 01/2024
University of North Dakota - Grand Forks, ND

Bachelor of Arts: 05/2022
Excelsior College - Online