SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE ()

EDUCATION

INTERESTS ©

SKILLS ©

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© ASpecial education professional, highly skilled in working with students, including perceiving and dealing with

their functions. Extensive mentoring and tutoring experience. Versatile and dedicated special education
teacher with a focus on the individual needs of special education students. Empathetic and accommodating in
the design and implementation of hands-on lessons. Helpful Resource Teacher extensively trained in helping
students with special needs. Equipped to provide appropriate learning techniques and behavioral redirection
for children with learning disabilities.

« Managing classroom for diverse populations *
Experience with instructional design

« Strong collaborator * Diverse classroom settings

« Positive learning environment * Student-
centered learning

« Creative learning strategies * Classroom

discipline

« Experience with special-needs students * Test
proctoring

« Interpersonal skills * Age-appropriate lesson
planning

« Student motivation * Audio-visual aid
implementation

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 08/2013 to CURRENT

Centennial Boces Consortium | Greeley, CO

e Instructed students in several co-taught classrooms, including English, Science, Social Science and
Math.

e Instructed students with disabilities, including ADHD, learning disabilities and students who are in the
autism spectrum.

e Created strategies to meet the needs of student those that have disabilities.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

e Coordinated special education students and teacher assistant schedules with the master schedule.

e Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day.

e Gave one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 08/2008 to 07/2013
Centennial Boces Consortium | Greeley, CO

e Designed and executed IEP goals, accommodations, and modifications for students with mild to
moderate learning disabilities.

e Serviced students with appropriate supports according to IEP, State. and Federal guidelines in specific
co-taught lessons in the general education classroom and in a resource room setting.

e Designed curriculum to help students prepare for life after school, understanding the IEP. IEP process.
and to gain skills that would allow them to gain employment.

e Assisted all students in the middle school in state test preparation and study skills.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

SFOCIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 08/2007 to 08/2008
Centennial Boces Consortium | Greeley, CO

e Planned and implemented daily lesson plans specifically designed for students with severe and
profound physical, mental and learning disabilities.

e Designed and implemented alternated assessments for student that qualified for alternate state
assessments.

e Implemented and taught a life skills program.

¢ Redirected students using Positive Behavior Support (PBS).

HEAD HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL COACH 08/2007 to 11/2012
Allegan Area Schools Application Consortium | Allegan, MI

e Developed game plans and adjusted them according to various game situations.

e Built strong rapport with athletes and assistants before, during and after coaching seasons.

e Taught a range of sport-specific skills in a clear, safe manner.

e Acted as a positive role model for team participants and in the community.

e Maintained thorough knowledge of all rules, game procedures, coaching techniques and current trends
in football.

e« Recommended and ordered equipment, supplies and uniforms.

e Exhibited sound judgment while executing coaching responsibilities and functions.

e Supervised practices and contests, prioritizing safety at all times.

e Developed positive relationships with parents, schools and the community.

e Worked with football coaching staff regarding game scouting reports and game strategies for
opponents.

e Maintained high academic standards for all student athletes and enforced academic discipline.

ASOISTANT TRACK COACH 02/2008 to 05/2013
Whiting CSD | City, STATE

e Taught a range of sport-specific skills in a clear, safe manner.

e Acted as a positive role model for team participants and in the community.

e Recruited student-athletes of the highest caliber and elevate team performance.

e Maintained thorough knowledge of all rules, game procedures, coaching techniques and current trends
in track and field.

e Developed guidelines for injury prevention.

e Demonstrated a high level of respect for opponents, officials and facilities.

e Acted as supervisor for the female student-athletes and student managers.

e Worked closely with the athletics director in scheduling interscholastic contests.

e« Recommended and ordered equipment, supplies and uniforms.

e Supervised practices and contests, prioritizing safety at all times.

Secondary Administration Special Education CURRENT
University of South Dakota, Vermillion, SD

GPA: Recipient of Jan Ebersdorfer Scholarship

Secondary Administration Recipient of Jan Ebersdorfer Scholarship Special Education

BaOhelor of Arts | Special Education 7 2005
Morningside College, Sioux City, IA
Special Education

Cé_tifications K-6 Certification 7-12 Special Education Secondary Administration | Elementary
Education

University of South Dakota, Vermilion, SD
Elementary Education

National Honor Society Sponsor Mentor for first and second year teachers Whiting Teachers Association Vice
President Transition Specialist Youth Mental Health First Aid Certified

academic, Audio, coaching, Interpersonal skills, English, focus, instructional design, director, Managing. Math,
rapport, safety, scheduling, sound, supervisor, teacher

« Additional Information National Honor Society Sponsor Mentor for first and second year teachers
Whiting Teachers Association Vice President Transition Specialist Youth Mental Health First Aid Certified