Skills

Curriculurn and Instruction
Design

Differentiated Learning
Teachniques

Educational Philosophies
Excellent Communication
Skills

Knowledge of Child
Development

Creative Problem Solving
Skills

Profile

Experienced and passionate Early Childhood Teacher with a love for educating
today's youth. Adept in creating a comprehensive and well-rounded curriculum
that meets education requirements and standards, Able to act as a facilitator of
powerful learning experiences, while allowing students to dictate certain lessons
and lead with curiosity. Familiar with many renowned educational philosophies,
aimed at supporting a child academically, emotionally, and socially. Bringing forth
dedication, skill, and the desire to positively impact the lives of children,

Employment History
Early Childhood Teacher, The Seed, Brooklyn
September 2015 — August 2019

+ Provided optimal care and academic support to students ages 1-3.

Created and implemented lesson plans based on child-led interests and

curiosities,

Encouraged students to actively play and exptore new things with fellow

classmates.

Maintained organized files for each students containing documents

indicative of their progress.

Facilitated outdoor learning experiences and the involvement of nature as

much as possible,

* Followed school policies and regulations regarding safety and school
procedures at ail times.

Early Childhood Teacher, The Ridge Hill School, New York
September 2013 — May 2015

* Developed and implemented a well-rounded curticulum designed tor
students age 1-3.

* Encouraged the social development of students by facilitating meaningful
opportunities for play.

+ Encouraged students to engage in the world around them by introducing
them to interesting and provoking subjects and things.

* Created and fostered positive relationships with parents and family
members of students.

+ Provided various hands-on activities to promote critical thinking skills.

Monitored and recorded the progress of students, and created plans for

improvernent.