ROBERT SMITH

Sr. Manager, Electrical Engineering

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Sr Manager, Electrical Engineering with over 18 years of successful leadership
experience in the Oil and Gas industry, Expertise leading all aspects of electrical
engineering maintenance, reliability Upgrades, projects, equipment purchase,
specifications, and safety Recognized asa subject matter expert with the ability
to train and mentor young engineers in the development and implementation of
strategies that consistently achieve desired results, Demonstrated ability to
maximize operational efficiency while paying special attention to safety and
reliability, Proven success in the operation and troubleshooting of Electrical Power
Distribution Systems

2012 - PRESENT

200

MANAGER, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING - ABC CORPORATION

Demonstrating a commitment to communicating, improving and adhering to
safety policies in all work environments and areas.

Participating in the creation of preventative maintenance routines (PMRs) and
bills of materials (BOMs) for electrical equipment.

Supporting the maintenance and operation of plant electrical systems and
troubleshooting of electrical and control system problems,

Preparing engineering scope of work for plant electrical projects.

Interfacing with contractors utilized in project work, including solicitation of
quotes, selection, and field direction,

Developing Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) and Human Machine Interface

(HMI) applications to meet specifications
Planning, evaluating, organizing and implementing automation and related
projects and initiatives

1-2011

seats ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - ABC CORPORATION

Prepared cost estimates and justifications for the capital plan.

Conducted economic and operation feasibility studies on proposed electrical
modifications and additions.

Maintained a standard set of specifications for consistent application related to
modifications or additions.

Maintained, organized, prepared, reviewed and revised drawings as required.
Developed detalled preventative maintenance routines for all plant electrical
equipment.

Researched/recommended new PM procedures based on newly devaoped
technologies.

Used SAP to purchase parts and services reviewed work orders, analyzed

© Ths free Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume.com. Usage Guidelines