JASON ELAN

555 APPLE TREE LANE | an ei! 35555 | 555.555.5555 | EMAIL ADDRESS

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
DISTRIBUTION, TRANSMISSION, POWER SYSTEMS

Engineering professional with demonstrated skills and experience in electrical network and power
systems engineering along with comprehensive knowledge of designing, developing and maintaining
electrical systems to meet required specifications, including performance, economy, safety, reliability,
quality and sustainability.

Proactively takes the initiative to drive projects that increase organizational effectiveness, improve
system performance, and boost operational output.

Strong strategic planning, analytical, and project management competencies with focus on achieving
deadlines and maintaining highest quality performance. Solid work ethic with capacity to function well
under pressure and display a high level of competence in a rapidly evolving work environment.

Established track record in effectively collaborating with key stakeholders, including engineering,
design, and facility operations regarding project deliverables.

Driven, energetic and known as an excellent problem-solver and a professional with proven ability to
hit the ground running and take the initiate in a collaborative team environment.

Technical skills: MS Office, Cyme PSAF, CymDIST, Cyme TCC, EMTP-RV, C++, Labview, Ladder,
MATLAB/Simulink, PL7-Pro.

Fluent in French.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NAME OF COMPANY, CITY, STATE 2013 = Present
Process Engineer

Provide process engineering expertise within pulp and paper industry. Provide process control and electrical
engineering support to Operations and Maintenance. Ensure compliance of all engineering activities with
governmental regulations and standard operating procedures. Supervise and coordinate execution and
construction activities. Accountable for all work related to Process Information Management System, Advanced
Process Control, Distributed Control System and Programmable Logic Controllers.

Closely collaborate with key intemal stakeholders, including production and maintenance
departments to define the scope of work and ensure timely project deliverables.

Effectively manage cradle-to-grave project lifecycles on small, medium and large complex projects,
Including controlling and optimizing projects.

Perform risk management functions, manage change requests, formulate action plans, monitor
quality, and ensure timely project completion.

Conceptualized, drafted, developed, and implemented Standing Operating Procedures (SOPs) for
company.