Electrical Engineer

James Taylor

—4 emait@email.com

Work Experience
e Possessing a deep understanding of
circuit analysis, programming Electrical Engineer (Hardware and Software 2015-05 - Present
experience in several computer
languages, hands-on hardware Development)
proficiency of implementation, E.ON.
knowledge of communication . . ; :
protocols, such as |2C, SPI, and UART. Developing diagnostic software and testing procedures for Laser Doppler Velocimetry.
© Proficient in architecting software for e Performing debugging and failure analysis of fiber optical products From multiple
embedded systems using LabVIEW. manufacturers. ' ; a
* Highly knowledgeable in the physical e Prototyping instruments used in experiments containing Micro Electro Mechanical
operation and programmability of Systems (MEMS) Matrix Optical Switches, Erbium-doped Fiber Amplifiers (EDFA), Dense
PLCs and SCADA systems. Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM), Optical Switch Circulators, Beam Splitters,
© Holding expertise in the diagnosis, Optical Attenuators, Nanosecond Pulsed Laser Diodes, and Tunable Lasers.
analysis, and successful e Facilitating research for alternative software architecture used in embedded systems.
troubleshooting of myriad e Utilizing LabVIEW and other programming languages to develop complete solutions For
technologies. the automation of diagnostic software for optical and electrical components.

e Collaborating with a National Laboratory to review and suggest best practices For
control system software development used for Broadland Laser Ranging Systems.

e Creating HMis and automating procedures with Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
and Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for Shock Physics
Experiments that require highly accurate timing and firing.

e C, C+: Knowledge of basic
programming language C, C+.
¢ MATLAB 2013: Knowledge of a

* Microsoft Office: Have a grip on Iberdrola

Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint. '
* Proteus 8.0: Complete e Worked on electrical equipment (temperature and pressure sensors, valves, the

implementation and execution of an actuator (ASAC 70), etc) on these engines.

‘ PEeF e Worked on relays, contactors, MCCB breakers, performed tests for motor proper
electrical circuit. warkina
e Completely familiar with the governor mechanism in controlling the output power of
Soft Skill generator, voltage maintaining, generator synchronization with National Grid,
OFCWafe SKIUS generated different working modes, and loaded management according to the
; A situation.
e Linux © RSLogix — e Monitored operated parameters and recorded operated data including electrical
° OrCAD * GEMstudio generation, pressures, temperatures, vibration indications, alarms, and other
* Altium * VirtualBox information related to the safe operation of the powerhouse equipment.
* PSpice e Unity Pro XL e Responsible for startup, normal operation, load management and handling of various
e Electric ° Visual Studio emergencies during the operation of the Unit.
* LTSpice * Windows OS e Maintained daily logs of operation, maintenance and safety activities.
* oe " oo ide e Investigated and reported accidents.
e e |
* Quartus e ISE Design Suite
Maintenance Engineer 2006-03 - 2010-04

Avo Electrical Engineering Services

e Installed cameras security.
e Fixed problems of laptops, tablet, office PC.

Programming Languages

z : Fattiah e Fixed problems of imprimantes (Canon , Epson, Brother, Kyocera).
° C# e Arduino

e C++ e MATLAB

e SOL e LabVIEW

e Julia e Ladder Logic

e VHDL

Master of Sciences in Engineering, Electrical Engineering 2004-2006
Massachusetts Institute of Technology

e Movies
e Badminton

* Reading Articles Bachelor of Sciences in Engineering, Electrical Engineering 2000 - 2004
Massachusetts Institute of Technology