ROBERT SMITH

Site Electrical Engineer
info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

A dedicated and highly rdiable Site Electrical Engineer with extensive electrical and
Management experience (10+ years) in Auxillary Electrical Systems design and
analysisin consulting and field engineering environments. Skilled In electrical
drawings deva opment, Arc Flash Hazard, Short Circuit and Motor Starting analyses.
Seeking an Electrical Engineering position with a company that offers opportunities
for career growth and advancement, and allows me to utilize my educational
background and experience to become an essential asset to the company.

Site Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2016

* Primary responsibilities Included the design and upgrade of dectrical
distribution systems of mission-critical facilities to support the
availability/reliability and expansion of critical loads.

* Designed addition and replacement of 20+ Power Distribution Units
(PDU),

* Upgraded existing electrical system to &quot;n+1l&quot; catcher
system configuration eliminating the risk of overloading alternate
power sources.

* Developed plansto reconfigure remote power panels connections in
order to balance data center critical loads throughout the electrical
distribution system.

* Developed the method of procedures for electrical work to be
performed while all critical loads and essential panels were energized,

* Developed a system to efficiently manage computer loads and
cutover of computer equipment, saving data centers engineers
valuable maintenance time.

* Modified existing Ups systems at data centers to better balance
existing and future loads on the electrical system.

Associate Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2009

* Responsibilities included the design and upgrade of mediurnflow
voltage auxiliary electrical systems.

* Developed oneline threeline and layout drawings for switchgear,
MCCS and panelboards.

* Sized protective devices (breakers, motor starters, and fuses) and
cables in accordance with NEC and IEEE standards.

* Performed electrical dedgn quality assurance checks reviewed shop
drawings of electrical equipment to ensure confonnance with
standards and project requirements.

* Developed specifications and procurement packages for electrical

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines