177-890 Believe Road

YAN J SMITH Winnipeg, MB * R3R 1T1
T: 222-555-5115
E: yanjsmith@hotmail.com

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

Skilled recent graduate with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and 5+ years of
academic experience assembling, designing, programming, testing, provisioning, deploying and
supporting electronic equipment and systems within schematic specifications. Additional expertise in
troubleshooting computer hardware, electronic systems, production planning, project management
and equipment maintenance. Strong technical and methodical aptitude with an innate ability to
analyze, coordinate and synthesize data.

Resourceful, analytical and detail-driven with capabilities in completing multiple projects with
competing deadlines. Aggressive in identifying and resolving inefficient operational processes. Strong
team member; able to motivate others to achieve optimal production rates while maintaining safety
methods and practices, Clear communicator, both oral and written. Strong interpersonal skills;
interface effectively with coworkers, management, clients and customers. Excel in unpredictable and
hectic environments.

CORE STRENGTHS TECHNICAL SKILLS
¢ Digital Control, Digital & Analog Signal ¢ AutoCAD
Communication ° CH
e Electrical Circuit & Network Design ° CF
e Electrical Machines & Power Transforming © Java
e Testing, Troubleshooting & Quality ¢ MatLab
Assurance ¢ Simulation Software
e Time Management & Prioritization © Zighee Mesh Network Structure
e Process & Performance Improvement ¢ Microsoft Office Proficiency
¢ Work Effectively in a Team-Oriented, ¢ PLCs, MCCs & Generator/Transformer
Collaborative Environment Protection
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science D , Electrical Engineering Sep.2005-May 2010

University of Manitoba, Winnipeg MB

Electrical Engineering, Coursework Sep. 2002-Jan. 2004
Shenyang University of Chemical Technology, Shenyang, China

MAJOR PROJECTS
Online Robot Game Design, University of Manitoba

e Designed and created a completely functional online robot game with a small team of peers;
utilized software design and C+ to map out schematics; also completed controller and hardwire
programming

e Responsible for designing and creating the transmitter and receiver
Hospital Zigbee System Design, University of Manitoba

e Designed a client system that could be used in a hospital utilizing Zigbee data communication
and protocol design; designed client and server software

e Designed and created microcontroller hardware programming (Zigbee transmitter, receiver and
onboard sensors)