Thomas Hisey

Electrical Engineer
City, State 000-000-0000 email!@email.com

Summary

Talented, respected role model, and motivated young professional with an aptitude for leadership, innovation, complex
problem-solving, and analytical thinking. Possessing knowledge of both theoretical and practical electrical engineering
fundamentals. Articulating communicator with the ability to facilitate team members and working collaboratively within
a multi-disciplinary team. Proficient in product design, scripting, testing, and component integration. Thrives in fast-
paced environments effectively prioritizing tasks across multiple projects. Technically savvy with expertise in multiple
designs, engineering, and business software applications.

Work Experience

2009-04 - Present Electrical Engineer

NextEra

e Contributing to the development of technical engineering products. Applying the
appropriate engineering standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout
the electrical development lifecycle.

e Executing a detailed analysis of product requirements, functionality, performance,
and design.

e Performing verification and integration of project components.

e Employing Microsoft Excel and EMMS procurement tool to track progress and
document achievement of project benchmarks.

e Facilitating project design and peer review discussions receiving feedback and
recommendations.

2006-03 - 2009-03 Maintenance Electrical Engineer

Enel

e Designed, implemented, maintained, or improved electrical instruments,
equipment, facilities, components, products, or systems for the commercial,
industrial, or domestic purposes.

e Developed budgets, estimating labor, material, and construction costs.

e Supervised or trained project team members as necessary.

e Designed and constructed in the connection and link facilities and measurement
systems. Formed by rush, medium, and low voltage lines in order to facilitate the
work of commercial operation.

2002-02 - 2006-02 Engineer Supervisor
Dominion Resources

e Supervised or trained project team members as necessary.

e Inspected completed installations and observed operations to ensure
conformance to design and equipment specifications and compliance with
operational and safety standards.

e Defined a measurement centralized system components needed for remote
management of the client (measuring, cutting and re-connection of electric power
service) compulsorily applicable to all existing, new project or reform, when it is so
required.

e Installation of equipment in direct measurement.

e Installation of remote Individual clients management systems.

e Installation of boxes, cupboards and measuring cells.

e Installation of measurement in public lighting networks.

Education

1999 - 2002 Bachelors of Science

Tennessee Tech University

Skills