Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

As Marshville Road,

P " . abama
Junior Electrical Engineer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
3+ years of experiences as a junior Electrical Engineer. Experience Includes SKILLS
Testing of equipment, Installation, Troubleshooting, Maintenance, Power MS Word, MS Excel, MS
generation, High Voltage Transrnission and distribution, Radio Frequency, PowerPoint, Linux, Unix,
Analog and Digital circuit design, Hardware prograrnming, Microelectronics, Window s-XP. Vista, 2007
Solar power, Research, and Development. Excellent interpersonal and ri t sais: si
cormmunication abilities, and possess a wide range of technical skills. Enjoy Engineering Tools:
being part of a tearm, as well as managing, motivating and training a MATLAB, AutoCAD,
productive tear, and thrives in high pressure and challenging working Autodesk, Madelsim,
environments. LabVIEW
WORK EXPERIENCE
LANGUAGES
junior Electrical Engineer
‘4 ‘ English (Native)
ABC Corporation- August 2016 - August 2018 French (Professional)
Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional)
* Responsibilities Included electrical systern planning Including electric
distribution layouts, specifications of wiring systems, and analysis of 5
inal: INTERESTS
* Reviewed project construction submittals and shop drawings, updated, Climbing.
revised and reviewed equipment files. Boonie aed
* Tralned and managed a tearn of five ernplayees, ensuring adherence ta asouing
safety procedures and maintenance of high-quality service standards s
expected by managernent.
= Prepared rough drafts of essential project correspondence, meeting REFERENCES
minutes, and memoranda.
* Coordinated with other in house disciplines, utility cornpanies, Reference - 1 (Company
consulting engineers, architects, and contractors to maximize overall Name)
efficiency and effectiveness in project design. fp 2 (Company

= Prepared layout and designed for rnedium- and low-voltage electrical
power and distribution systems.

= Responsible for underground work including cable pulling, Installing
Instruments &arnp; threaded rod, trunking, tray, ladder rack, confined
space entry, srnall power, and lighting.

Electrical Engineer Intern
ABC Corporation- August 2015 - June 2016
Re sponsibilities:
= Analyzed, troubleshoot and corrected the electrical malfunctions.
« Analyzed operation of protective relays when activated upon a trip-out
of generating unit to be able to pinpoint the source of the problem.
* Prepared estimates, plans, and specifications for minor plant additions
and modifications,
= Designed modifications and additions to existing equipment that require
sizing of motors, cables, and accornpanying instruments and controls.
= Prepared all special reports on the operation and maintenance of the
power generating plant as deerned necessary.
= Prepared special procedures and supervises the operation of electrical

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines