- 22Street Rd.
John Smith, BS Chiy Sate» 00000
“T; 222 222 2222

E: emailttaddress.com

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

Skilled engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and 5+ years of
experience assembling, designing, programming, testing, provisioning, deploying and supporting electronic
equipment and systems within schematic specitications, Additional expertise in troubleshooting computer
hardware and electronic systems using bench equipment with strengths in project management. Strong.
technical and methodical aptitude with an innate ability to analyze, coordinate and synthesize data,

Resourceful, analytical and detail-<driven with capabilities in completing multiple projects with competi
deadlines. pfs tr in identifying and resolving inedficient Lavo h porta th ts team nak
able to motivate others to achieve optimal production rates while maintaining safety methods and practices.
Clear communicator, both oral and written, Strong ost epeone skills; interface effectively with coworkers,
management, clients and customers. Excel in unpredictable and hectic environments.

CORE STRENGTHS TECHNICAL SKILLS
© Power Electronics & Power Systems e AutoCAD
© Research & Development ¢ Microsoft Visual C++
¢ Testing, Troubleshooting & Quality Assurance © Microsoft Office Proficiency
© Negative Transfer, Etching, Drilling, Design & ¢ Microsoft Visio
Soldering © Multisin 10.0
© Time Management & Prioritization © Ultiboard 10.0
¢ Risk Assessment & Management e learus Verilog
© Process & Performance Improvement e Circuit Maker 2000
¢ Work Effectively in a Team-Oriented, ¢ Grophmatica
Collaborative Environment © Mat Lab, version 2007
ABRTUCATION
Bachelor of Science Degree, Electrical Engineering Sep. 2007-Dec. 2009
Lakehead University, Thunder Bay ON
Electronics Engineering Diploma, Technology Cooperative Education Sep. 2003-Dec. 2006

Sheridan College, Brampton ON

MAJOR PRO)

CDMA Communication Link (Degree Project)
¢ Completed project within 1 year, with 4 months to brainstorm and 8 months to conceptualize
¢ Researched and consulted with various sources to create a working model of a cell phone
communication link according to specifications and time constraints

FM Modulator and Demodulator
« Designed and implemented Functional Audio Transmitting FM Modulator and receiving
Demodulator; utilized analog and circuit design knowledge and skill

Binary Phase Shift Keying (BPSK)
¢ Designed and built a working 2 channel encoder and decoder for digital communication studies
© Collabontted with group members and professors in implementation of PCB design for functional
implementation; utilized Visio, Multisim 10.0 and Utilboard 10,0 te bring concept to working model
¢ Worked within 6 week deadline from practical design to implementation to presentation

Erbium Doped Fiber Amplifier (EDFA)
© Theoretical analysis and overview of fiber design parameters for optical communications studies