AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Flectrical engineering
Software engineering
Quality Engineering
Maintenance programmes
Systems engineer

BMS Knowledge

Retail environment

PROFESSIONAL

IEE 17th Edition
Certificate

NEBOSH

First Aid

PERSONAL SKILLS

Able to travel
Communication s filly

Target orientated

PERSONAL DETAILS

Mike Collins

Electrical engineer
PERSONAL SUMMARY

Acompetent electrical engineer with a comprehensive knowledge of designing,
developing and maintaining electrical systems and components to required
specifications, focusing on economy, sufety, reliability, quality and sustainability. A
consistent track recon! of successfully completing projects from the concept and
detail of the design through to implementation, testing and handover.

Having a comprehensive understanding of electrical health and safety regulations,
Mike is currently looking fora suitable electrical engineering position,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Hillside Building & Electrical Contractors — Coventry
ELECTRICAL ENGINEER June 2008 - Present

Working closely with civil engineers, architects, engineering technicians und IT
stuff to ensure projects are delivered on time and within budget, Responsible for
estimating matenal, construction, and labour costs, and project timescal es,

Duties:

© Identifying customer requirements, making models and prototypes of products.
© Using computer-assisted engineering and design software.

e Attending mectings on site.

* Preparation of Electrical procedures for installation test & commissioning.

© Reading electrical design specifications and technical drawings.

© Organizing routine servicing schedules.

© Making sure all electrical engineering projects are fit for purpose.

© Liaising with and monitoring third party contractors.

* Negotiating with suppliers and purchase items at optimum cost.

© Attending mectings, writing reports and giving presentations to managers and
clients.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

© Ability to prepare Opemtion & Maintenance Manuals.
© Expenence/Qualification in the use of AMTECH Pm Design Software.

e Experience of working to British, European standards.

* Able to assist or instruct electricians and wiremen.

® Willing to be on a call out rota foremergency callouts.

© Strong decision-making skills and the ability to prioritize and plan effectively.
* Methodical approach to all tusks.

Se ee oo