Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Website > www. qwikre sume, com

Sr. Electrical Engineering LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

Technician Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY

Electrical Engineering Technician for 4 years with management experience seeking further
opportunities in industrial maintenance.

SKILLS

Experience in both cormpany and classroom.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Electrical Engineering Technician
ABC Corporation - March 2012 - August 2016

Created, maintained and repaired electronic components and equipment used in equipment
or devices,

Coordinate with electricians or electrical engineers, and worked on-site to keep machinery
and specialty equipment running correctly.

Used specialized measuring and diagnostic devices to evaluate how electrical equipment is
working, building or calibrating instrurnentation, build electronic devices based on readina
schernatics, inspect for problems, replace old equipment and install new equipment.
Exarnined electrical schematics to wire electrical cabinets for Robot Cells, CNC Machinery, and
Gantry Lines.

Laid out backplanes for electrical cabinets and mounted the proper electrical cormponents to
the backplane to wire up by following the schematic and wiring it to custorner specifications.
Performed diagnostic testing of all electrical components inside the electrical cabinet as well
as the floor wiring to the machine or robotics,

Installed and verified the software on Robotics Lines as well as Assernbly Lines, using Slernens
Step 7 Software.

Electrical Engineering Technician
ABC Corporation - 2010-2012

Was an Electrical Engineering Technician inthe design division for all classes of U.S.

Naval Ships,

My duties included Performed design, layout and drafting of power, lighting, communications
and weapons fire control systems.

Responsible for cornponent selection, definition of foundation requirernents and weight anc
moment calculation an Naval Ships,

Designed systems in accordance with specifications from vendors as well as foundation
requirements, space availability and spare part needs.

Selected cornponerts needed for various ShipAlts and Engineering Changes through
communications with vendors and customer.

Ran calculations for weight distribution of cormponents, parts and systern needs..

EDUCATION

Associates in Electrical and Electronics Engineering Technology - (Rhodes State College - Lima,
OH)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings