KAPSIMALIS

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

SUMMARY

Innovative Electrical Engineer with varied
professional experience in multi-discipline
engineering teams Experienced in control system,
electrical design, process control, and automation
concepts. Comprehensive Electrical Engineering
and Project Management experience involving
Sensors, Communication Networks, Power
Distribution and Facility Construction. Possess
extensive experience with Government and
Commercial projects in design, development, test
and production of energy and sensor symems to
reduce costs and improve efficiency. Excellent
communication, interpersonal, and presentation
skills used to understand all phases of product
development, Expertise inchides System and
Network Analysis ~ Design and Construction
Management of facilities ~ Electrical Systems and
Communication Networks.

SKILLS

+ Licensed Professional Engineer (LA, MD, TN &
PA)

+ Extensive application experience with electrical

system design and National Electric Codes (NEC)

Working knowledge with low valiage (600V and

below) equipment.

+ Design expertise in control panel wiring, line
diagrams, electrical systems studies = &
investigations, power distributions, and lighting
systems

EDUCATION

Master's in Electrical Engineering-SAGPA

California Sure University Los Angeles Los
Angeles, CA

CONTACT ME

Celk +1 573-200-7295
Clem@resumesbot.com
SLI7 Tree Frog Lane, Easton, MO 64443

Check out more Engineering, Science and Technology Resume Examples here:
https://resumesbot.com/engineering-science-technology-resume-examples/

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Black & Veatch, Centennial, CO| Oct. 2016 ~ Present

* Perform substation engincering services on various projects (from Medium
to High voltage level)

* Prepare electrical protection & control deliverables for medium and high
voltage substations.

* Design substations utilizing client standards including bill of materials,
yard layouts, plans, sections and details, grounding, ground grid, control
building arrangements, interior and exterior raceways, auxiliary AC and DC
power systems, and circuit lists,

* Prepare calculations, equipment specifications, proposal development &
cost estimates.

* Prepare new and modified existing relay drawings including relay panel
arrangements, one line, SCADA, Communications, three lines, AC
schematics, DC schematics, equipment wiring, and relay panel wiring

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Northrop Grumman, Centennial, CO | Jul, 20138 = Mar, 2016

+ Aided in the development of 4 MW power plant, expedited purchasing
tirne JON by providing quick feedback.

+ Reviewed engineering design drawings ahead of schedule and proactively
coordinated with contractors and suppliers

* Improved project schedule by three (3) weeks for cables installation,
terminations and msulations.

+ Prepared reports and presentations for management and stakeholders

* Involved in meeting with engineering team to understand and analyze the
new requirements, design and expansion activities