Electrical Engineer

James Taylor

9 City, State
% 000-000-0000

—&} ematl@email.com

« Possessing a deep understanding of
circuit analysis, programming
experience in several computer
languages, hands-on hardware
proficiency of implementation,
knowledge of communication
protocols, suchas I2C, SPI, and UART.

« Proficient in architecting software

for embedded systems using

LabVIEW.

Highly knowledgeablein the physical

operation and programmability of

PLCs and SCADA systems.

+ Holding expertise in the diagnosis,
analysis, and successful
troubleshooting of myriad
technologies.

* C, C+: Knowledge of basic
programming language C, C+.

* MATLAB 2013: Knowledge of a
circuit implementation on Simulink.

+ Microsoft Office: Have a grip on
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint.

* Proteus 8.0: Complete
implementation and execution of an
electrical circuit.

* Linux * RSLogix

*« OrcAD « GEMstudio

« Altium « VirtualBox

* PSpice * Unity Pro XL

« Electric « VisualStudio

« LTSpice « Windows OS

« Hyper-V * Wonderware

« VMware ~ « Microsoft Office
* Quartus « ISE Design Suite

Programming Languages

«R + Python

“iG « Verilog

+ C# * Arduino

« C++ « MATLAB

e SQL « LabVIEW

« Julia ¢ Ladder Logic
« VHDL

* Movies
« Badminton
« Reading Articles

Work Experience

Electrical Engineer (Hardware and Software 2015-05 - Present

Development)
E.ON.

¢ Developing diagnostic software and testing procedures for Laser Doppler Velocimetry.
¢ Performing debugging and failure analysis of fiber optical products from multiple
manufacturers.
¢ Prototyping instruments used in experiments containing Micro Electro Mechanical
Systems (MEMS) Matrix Optical Switches, Erbium-doped Fiber Amplifiers (EDFA), Dense
Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM), Optical Switch Circulators, Beam Splitters,
Optical Attenuators, Nanosecond Pulsed Laser Diodes, and Tunable Lasers.
+ Facilitating research for alternative software architecture used in embedded systems.
Utilizing LabVIEW and other programming languages to develop complete solutions
For the automation of diagnostic software for optical and electrical components.
Collaborating with a National Laboratory to review and suggest best practices For
control system software development used For Broadland Laser Ranging Systems.
Creating HMls and automating procedures with Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
and Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for Shock Physics
Experiments that require highly accurate timing and firing.

Assistant Electrical Engineer
Iberdrola

¢ Worked on electricalequipment (temperature and pressure sensors, valves, the
actuator (ASAC 70), etc) on these engines.

e Worked on relays, contactors, MCCB breakers, performed tests for motor proper

working.

Completely familiar with the governor mechanism in controlling the output power of

generator, voltage maintaining, generator synchronization with National Grid,

generated different working modes, and loaded management according to the

situation.

* Monitored operated parameters and recorded operated data including electrical

generation, pressures, temperatures, vibration indications, alarms, and other

information related to the safe operation of the powerhouse equipment.

Responsible for startup, normal operation, load management and handling of various

emergencies during the operation of the Unit.

Maintained daily logs of operation, maintenance and safety activities.

« Investigated and reported accidents.

2010-05 - 2015-04

Maintenance Engineer

Avo Electrical Engineering Services
¢ Installed cameras security.
« Fixed problems of laptops, tablet, office PC
« Fixed problems of imprimantes (Canon , Epson, Brother, Kyocera).

2006-03 - 2010-04

Master of Sciences in Engineering, ElectricalEngineering 2004-2006

Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Bachelor of Sciences in Engineering, ElectricalEngineering 2000-2004
Massachusetts Institute of Technology