Associate Electrical Engineer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Highly motivated Electrical Engineering Technician that Is secking a challenging position where |
may continually learn and grow my career. Has strong oral and wrilten communication skills and
works well with other team members. Has knowledge of Microsoft Office products, programming tn
C/C++, MATLAB, and Assembly. Also has a solid background In electronics. power systems, control
sysicms, and communications.

Skills

PLC, Electrical, Maintenanee, Project Management, Programming, Autocad, Solidworks Electrical,
NI Labyiew, Siemens

Work Experience

Associate Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - March 2014 - Present

Designing control systems for maritime vessels, to include monitoring and alarm systents,
propulsion control systems, tank Ievels, engine order telegraphs, and lachometer systems.
Conducting vessel surveys and providing the estimation of time and resources for system
design, development, and support.

Coordinating with clients to develop purchase technical specifications and develop system
performance requirements.

Managing the project through all development and design phases to ensure objectives are met.
Applying a number of engineering practices, techniques, and processes to identify and resolve
problems,

Performing design and analysis utilizing systematic, quantifiable approaches while compiling
with codes and standards preseribed by the U.S,

Providing technical documentation required by regulatory agencies including system manuals,
failure mode effects analysis, periodic safety test procedures, design verification, and in house
testing procedures.

Electrical Engineering Intern
ABC Corporation - May 2013 - March 2014

Documented the process from conceptual drawings lo schematics, test procedures, and
operators manuals.

Generated system drawings using AutoCAD to include cable pulls, system interconnections,
and internal system components.

Evaluated electrical systems, products, components, and applications by designing and
conducting research programs; applying knowledge of electricity and materials.

Confirmed systems and components capabilities by designing testing methods, testing
properties.

Developed electrical drawings by studying customer requirements assuring product quality by
designing electrical testing methods, testing finished products and system capabilities.
Attended meetings, conferences, workshops and training sessions, and reviews publications
and audio-visual materials to become and remain current on the principles, practices and new
developments in assigned work areas.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current rale,

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quikresumecam, Usage Guidelines