Robert Smith

Senior Electrical Engineer I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Manage all aspects of electrical design and engineering including
Commercial Power Distribution, Emergency Power Distribution Design,
Lighting and Emergency Lighting and Bullding Fire Alarm Systern.,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Electrical Engineer |
ABC Corporation- January 2013 - December 2014

Responsibilities:

Reviewing Designs form LT/ HT switch gears and panels suppliers and
finalizing the design based on requirement and load.

Review and finalizing all Drawings before starting the installation.
Responsible for planning and coordinating engineering project work and
design activities to ensure that project goals/objectives are
accornplished within the agreed deadline.

Supporting and acts as a mentor to electrical engineers In technical
elements of project work.

Designs and specifies mechanical, electrical, public health, fire
protection installations, equipment, facilities, components, products,
and systems for all building engineering services purposes.
Coordination of engineering services on projects undertaken within the
local office.

Review and finalize project proposals or plans to Input into atime
frarne, procedures for accornplishing the project, resource requirements
and allotment of available resources to various phases of a project

SENIOR ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

ABC Corporation -

2010 - 2013

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for manufacturing engineering activities supporting product
development, manufacturing transfer, and production.

Proficiency in protocol development, testing, and design control
processes,

Immense ability to conduct experiments Involving biomedical electronic
systems using modern test equipment,

Ability to interpret test results and use therm to improve products and
methodologies.

Proficiency in protocol developrnent, testing, and design control
processes,

Generated technical documentation that provides the customer with a
clear understanding of the requirements, performance, and utilization of
the product,

Developed product safety design & testing strategies to meet IEC-
60601 (UI1206) requirements THOMAS (MIKE) BARNHISER (763) 3 70-
3704,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama :
(123)-456-7899
infog@qwikresume.com
muetiemna’ om

Auto Cad, Dialux, MS
Office.

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)