ROBERT SMITH
Junior Electrical Engineer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SULNIMIAR

Highly focused, sel motivated bilingual Junior Electrical Engineer with strong analytical and process skills.
Recognized for strong project management skills, design, machining, and quality standards. Strang ability to
work well as team member and leader, and possesses an exceptional work ethic, Proven technical,
interpersonal communication, und training skills with additional expenence in analog und digital design
projects. Gained strong experience in Mechanical, Materials, and Aerospace Engineering department,
developing a working understanding of the Ultrasonic Testing project's problems.

SKILLS

Cadsoft Eagle Printed Circuit Board Design, Labview, Matlab, Altera Quartus I, Pro Engineer Wildfire, NI
Sound And Vibnition Measurement Suite, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, ‘Troubleshooting

WORK EXPERTENCH

Junior Electrical Engineer
ABC Corpomtion - July 2012- September 2015

Carrying out all inspection and test quirements af the NCTPS at all stages as per the general
specification requirements for all electncal warks:

Reviewed construction scape of works and identified the anomalies prior to and during the
construction of electrical works,

Reviewed the design drawings and issue design deviation notice and approved any field change
notice und correct any discrepancies.

Notified the non-confarmances identified during the site inspection and commending corrective
action to the contmetor,

Made sure that contractor has completed all pre-commissioning und commissioning tests complying
with the requirements and international standards,

Reviewed marked up as-built drawings of completed jobs, befare hand over to the company.
Camed out regular site inspections and monitored the contmetors progress on site.

Electrical Engineer Intern
ABC Corponition - June 2011 — June 2011

Duties included the collection of information and data, the performance of various tests, and
engineering computations, measurements and analyses.

Exhibited the ability to independently pertorm basic data validation and troubleshooting.

Provided input to project managers on progrummutic and technical deliverables under the guidance
of more seniartechnicul personnel.

Provided input and support to intt-organizational proposal development efforts;

Had some exposure to.and provided some input to inter-uganizational technical and business
development activities,

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwakreime.com, [sags Guldsfines