ROBERT SMITH
Senior Electrical Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Specialized experience spanning multi years as Electrical Engineer, The industries cover
refineries, chemical plants and manutacturing plants, Managed projects design through
construction stages,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Certified Professional, Number 1638047,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - November 2013 - November 2016

Key Deliverables:

* Lead eiectrical engineer for innovative, next-generation fitness equipment, including
treadmills, ellipticals, and integrated televisions:

« Oversee the full electrical system litecycie trom initial design concept, to specification
development and design, to prototypes.and testing, to valume production and sustaining,

» Collaborate regularly as the primary electrical representative on an interdisciplinary team of
mechanical, production, and software engineers to provide on time, on budget, weil lested
designs for consumer consumption.

» Conduct and coordinate subsystem tests including environmental testing, HALT,
component lifespan estimation, ESD, EMI, EMC, and regulatory compliance to ensure
volume production-worthy designs.

» Communicate weekly with oversea suppliers to confirm thai design requirements and
tradeofis are bi-directionally understood and that adjustments are made in a‘timely mannar.

» Create and review ECNs and Deviations in Agile tor new product releases and production
lifecycle management,

» Write finmware tor integrated FM receivers in C,

SENIOR ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2013

Key Deliverables:
» Create electrical designs for high power electronics including DC / DC. converters, linear
regulators, transformers and rectifiers.
* Schematic creation, PCB layout, bench evaliation, debugging, simulating and parts fis}
creation.
» Failure mode analysis, component de-rating; lab evaluation, tachnical hardware
documentation, and design tor manufacturing,
* Circuit development softwar includes Altium, PSpice and Mathcad.
« Responsible for schematic capture and PCB iayout or layout assist.
« Create bench test plans and direct fab technicians with EMC testing.
——
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
0 This Exee Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumc.com. Usage Guidelines