CASEY SMITH

111 Ook Road ¢ Philadelphia, Pennsyivanic 19101 ¢ 555-555-5555 « Caseys@msn.com

Evectricat ENGINEER / PROJECT MANAGER

Accomplished, proactive engineer with significant experience in electrical design. testing. analyss,
Ond project coordination. Possess extensive educational qualifications with Master's and Bachelor's
degrees in Electrical Engineering. Recognized for strong adherence to safety. ability to work well as
feam member and leader, ond exceptional work ethic. Proven technical, interpersonal
communications, and training skills. Core competencies and professional strengths include:

> Project Management » Personnel Oversight > Budget Development

* Documentation > Satety Compliance » Project Scheduling

> Project Development > Cross-functional Cofaborations > Cost Controts

> Electrical Design > Electrical Testing / Analysis > Quality Controts

> Project Funding » Outsourcing / Contracted Services ® Purchasing

» Report Preporation > Process improvements > Customer Service
Career HIGHUGHTS

¥ Served os project lead for multiple projects with $400K budget entailing control systems upgrade at
seven sites: completed all projects with $300K spend.

¥ Spearhecded intemal inspection of above ground storage fonk requiring taking tonk out of service,
cleaning. inspection, repair, and return to service within one month: completed entire project in two
weeks.

¥ Delivered $130K cost savings. uninterrupted terminal operations. and ~1300 incident and injury free
contractor hours os project lead to demolish 4 above ground storage tanks,

¥ Led control system upgrade project for loading rack at distribution terminal completed $200K below
budget and 2 months ahead of schedule with minimal disruption to terminal's operations and ~1200
contractor hours incident and injury free.

¥ Conducted design research ond developed cos! estimate for project to automate 17 siles on 3
separate pipelines, upgrade control system equipment, and ensure compliance with OSHA and NEC
requirements,

¥ Directed delivery terminal automation project to convert 21 manually operated voaives to motor
operated valves completed ahead of schedule and $200K under budget: received commendation
from customer as “Prudent and professional throughout project.”

¥ Played key role as member of Electrical Integrity Team ond Electrical integrity Safety Assessment
Team in creating and rolling out process to assess corporate facilities’ electrical safety and
compliance with NEC and OSHA regulations; resulted in successtul process development and roll out
to all USA oreas within ten training sessions.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UniOn PiPELE COMPANY, Malvern, Pennsytvania: Houston, Texas 1998 - Present
ene Engineer (2001 - Present)
Coordinated multiple electrical and engineering projects as Project Lead to ensure on-time. within
budget completion: responsibility encompassed team ond contractor oversigh!. project
development, consultation, research, documentation, submission and approval, design. scheduling,
and construction.
e Logged ~12,000 on-site contractor hours incident and injury free throughout tenure as pipeline
engineer.
© Reduced costs for company and customers on various projects with combined actual savings of
~$150K and potential sovings of ~$650K through continuous collaboration with customers,
colleagues, and contractors.
¢ Performed ~88 job safety observations in 2003 versus required 24 observations per yeor.
¢ Recommended improvements for multiple in-house processes related to procurement, document
consolidation, time accounting beta testing. safety, contractor requirements, electrical and
instrumentation guide, project flow charts, and control system standardization.

Continued on Page 2