Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Electrical Engineer Il Website : wovw,.qwélkresuime, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Experienced Electrical Engineer || with a strong technical background and dernonstrated success
in design, Integration, installation, maintenance, and repair of a wide variety of systems, Including
Information Technology, Telecommunications, RADAR and support systems for NASA and U.S,

Arrry.

. Expertise includes developing and implementing process control and process improvernent

Initiatives, Talented leader and skilled communicator who proactively builds top-performing teams
and establishes key collaborative relationships with all levels of ernployees, from highly skilled
engineers, technical and support staff to C-level executives.

SKILLS

Electrical /Electronics Engineering, Teaching, Tearnwork, Telecornmunications,
Telecommunications, Research, Management, Microsoft Office

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer It
ABC Corporation - 2010- 2018

Collaborated with mechanical engineers to resolve product development and maintenance
issues,

Designed and implemented electrical equipment, facilities, and systerns for commercial and
domestic purpases.

Helped initiate a more organized drawing package to increase manufacturing productivity,
Reviewed design drawings, specifications and custorner requirements for newly engineered
components and processes,

Simulated overvoltage protection studies covering both lightning and switching suraes.
Calculated critical parameters for the generators, transformers, circuit breakers, and other
auxiliary equipment,

Installed control panels and delivered quality assurance of protection techniques during
machine breakdown maintenance,

Electronics Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006- 2010

.

Provided technical support to customers through the analysis of system performance and
Interface design, definition, and assessment of critical issues, Independent evaluation of flight
and ground system performance, and system requirements analysis.

Provided technical support to the earth and space science programs in the area of spacecraft
analysis, Including mission and performance defi nition assessments.

Conducted systems studies to develop Innovative concepts for space exploration and mission
architectures,

Conducted systems studies to develop Innovative concepts for space exploration and mission
architectures,

Performed systems analyses to assess the technical merit of spacecraft and mission concepts.
Performed systems analyses to assess the technical merit of spacecraft and mission cancepts.
Successfully perforrned data and RF communications analysis of the interaction between the
lunar surface elements and comm/nay confirming the frequency and data requirernents of
user radios,

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings