Lead Electrical Engineer pan Hee 46 ee 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH ne eS ned

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Lead & Sr, Electrical Engineering: Power, Oil & Gas, and Infrastructure focused professional with a
record of developing and supporting successful projects and solutions Incorporating a wide range
of applications and technologies. Consistently recognized by internal clients as an excellent
resource to Improve efficiency, provide leadership in engineering design, foster global
coordination and complete plant construction on time and under budget.

Skills

Electrical Desigh, Electric Heat Trace Design, EPC Projects,

Work Experience

Lead Electrical Engineer

ABC Corporation - May 1978- January 2008

* Worked on engineering and design of this cogeneration facility with two BOMW gas turbine
generators and HRSGs, including procurement of major electrical equipment.

+ Led Electrical Engineer, Gas il, Common Sulfur Project, Qatar.

» Responsible for engineering, detail electrical design and procurement of major electrical
equipment for a 12,000 TPD Cormrnon Sulfur handling facility In Ras Lafan City.
Worked included 33kV and below power distribution, including design of substations along the
pipeline and Berth area.
Resporisible for interfaces and approvals with Utility, Kahrarnaa, and RLC,
Coordinated design and work between Bucharest, Qatar and US offices,
Designed all printed circuit boards.

Lead Electrical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 1973 - 1978
Designed and developed analog and digital harcware for laser projectors, Laser Radar, and
related test equipment,
* Developed test procedures.
Responsible for design and procurement of 4 PLC control panels for |.D,
* fanand pollution control equipment,
* Developed installation drawings for all bag house instrumentation Supervised development of
Allen Bradley and Wonder ware HMI systems.
» Worked in multi-discipline engineering teams to resolve design issues and maintain project

schedules.
* This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

Education

BSEE - (The University of Michigan - Arin Arbor, Ml)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines