Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Electrical Project Engineer Website : vow. qulkresume, com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Responsible for overseeing aspects of our construction projects from cormmencement to
completion, ensuring that projects are cornpleted timely and within budgetary constraints,

SKILLS

Industrial Controls, PLC Prograrnming.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Project Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2008-2009

Coordinates with co-owned electrical general facilities to monitor electrical dispatch services
and operational effectiveness of coal-fired bollers and natural gas-fired cornbustion turbines,
Compiles and evaluates data for various city and departrnertal reports,

Coordinates related electrical activities with other departments and organizations Including
other utilities and governmental agencies.

Prepares and review technical engineering drawings for construction of electrical services and
utility projects.

Originates documentation for project bidding processes, prepares contract documents for
capital and maintenance electrical systern projects, and oversees activities of engineering
consultants and contractors; reviews progression of multiple projects at one time and
determines compliance to schedule and established specifications. ;

Performs and coordinates substation engineering activities, including systern protection,
SCADA, oll testing and cornponerit testing,

Performs 4 variety of electrical systern engineering activities, Including development of fuse
coordination, maintenance of systern one-line drawings, determination of capacitor
placement, and calculation of plans to mitigate arc flash hazards,

Electrical Project Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2014

Electrical distribution desians of the electrical systerns (Lighting, Power, Fire Alarrn, Tel, &arnp;
DATA, Audio Visual Garmp; MATV, CCTV and Broadcasting .

Project Managers Cleveland Browns Stadium Cleveland, Ohio Managed the complete electrical
installation for the new Cleveland Browns stadium,

Oversaw the work of four prime electrical contractors, totaling $25 million,

Qatar Vision Projects, Doha, Qatar Worked as Electrical engineer in construction of public and
private bulldings.

Prepared electrical shop drawings and supervised electrical works as per the approved
construction drawings and specification.

Network Designer.

Daily containment of manufacturing lines Using LEAN tools to solve problems to root cause
Kaizens, Simple Problern Solving (4SPS). Line integratiory,

EDUCATION
BACHELOR'S in Business Administration - (INDEPENDENCE UNIVERSITY - Salt Lake City, UT)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings