Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Principal Electrical Engineer NBO he mr opr rope

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Over thirty five year's achievement in Research and Development with additional experience in
production and technical services, Work well In tearn and individual contributor contexts, Possess
arare combination of technical knowledge and creative ability, Recognized by colleagues and
management for innovative input, unique perspectives and results,

SKILLS

Developing SKills, Engineering SKills, Managernent.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2015 - 2020

Integrated Product Team (IPT) Lead for the development and integration of four major
electronic components for the next generation A4 Bradley Fighting Vehicle.

Provided guidance to atearn of staff and senior engineers (electrical, mechanical, software),
drafters, field support personnel, and technicians,

Managed suppliers to stay within cost and schedule milestones, while achieving all defined
requirements,

Oversaw a $15M developmental budget with a three year timeline to bring components to full
system level readiness, which resulted in $1M under budget and 3 months ahead of schedule,
Presented key milestone design reviews to program leadership and US Government tears
with zere action items,

Responsible for the design and development of a systern controller FPGA,

Developed software and hardware for tractor products and turf research projects Developed
software to interface with UART, CAN bus and GPIO using C.

Principal Electrical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2000- 2015

Included supervision of electrical works; monitoring, reviewing, commenting and reportina on
progress payments, quality control and safety; preparing.

EL-Khossous and Kalag Screw Pumping Stations Extension project.

Kabul, Afghanistan Provided engineering services on a virtual basis to develop engineering
and equipment selection to create synchronizing scheme to .

Provided engineering services for cathodic protection design and equipment selection to
protect underground steel piping fromm corrosion throughout .

Electrical Engineer for design of Agricultural complexes, Moscow region.

New product developrnent.

RF cardiac ablation system design Cryogenic cardiac ablation system design |EC-60601
Compliance, Safety and EMC Design FMEA Test Procedures Autornatic .

EDUCATION
MS

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings