James Taylor

Electrical Engineer

Education

Work Experience
e Possessing a deep understanding of

circuit analysis, programming Electrical Engineer (Hardware and Software 2015-05 - Present
experience in several computer {
languages, hands-on hardware Development)
proficiency of implementation, E.ON.
knowledge of icati
oe Ce be He see UART. e Developing diagnostic software and testing procedures for Laser Doppler Velocimetry.
© Proficient in architecting software for ° octal debugging and failure analysis of fiber optical products from multiple
bedded syst i bVIEW. ‘
= Highly ris eal bee physical e Prototyping instruments used in experiments containing Micro Electro Mechanical
operation and programmability of Systems (MEMS) Matrix Optical Switches, Erbium-doped Fiber Amplifiers (EDFA), Dense
PLCs and SCADA systems Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM), Optical Switch Circulators, Beam Splitters,
* Holding expertise in the diagnosis Optical Attenuators, Nanosecond Pulsed Laser Diodes, and Tunable Lasers.
analysis, and successful : e Facilitating research for alternative software architecture used in embedded systems.
troubleshooting of myriad e Utilizing LabVIEW and other programming languages to develop complete solutions For
technologies. the automation of diagnostic software for optical and electrical components.

e Collaborating with a National Laboratory to review and suggest best practices For
control system software development used For Broadland Laser Ranging Systems.

e Creating HMIs and automating procedures with Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
and Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for Shock Physics
Experiments that require highly accurate timing and firing.

Software Skills

e Linux e RSLogix

e OrcAD e GEMstudio

e Altium e VirtualBox ‘ ; :

= PSpice © Unity Pro XL Assistant Electrical Engineer 2010-05 - 2015-04
° Electric . Visual Studio Iberdrola

e LTSpice e Windows OS .

° Hyper-V e Wonderware e Worked on electrical equipment (temperature and pressure sensors, valves, the

e VMware © Microsoft Office actuator (ASAC 70), etc) on these engines.

Quartus e ISE Design Suite e Worked on relays, contactors, MCCB breakers, performed tests for motor proper

working.

e Completely familiar with the governor mechanism in controlling the output power of
generator, voltage maintaining, generator synchronization with National Grid,
generated different working modes, and loaded management according to the
situation.

e Monitored operated parameters and recorded operated data including electrical

Programming Languages

eR a Fy thon generation, pressures, temperatures, vibration indications, alarms, and other

me: ° Verilog information related to the safe operation of the powerhouse equipment.

° C# * Arduino e Responsible for startup, normal operation, load management and handling of various
= Ctt ° MATLAB emergencies during the operation of the Unit.

ad ne . pentane P e Maintained daily logs of operation, maintenance and safety activities.

: ie * Ladder Logic e Investigated and reported accidents.

Maintenance Engineer 2006-03 - 2010-04
Avo Electrical Engineering Services

e Installed cameras security.
e Fixed problems of laptops, tablet, office PC.
e Fixed problems of imprimantes (Canon , Epson, Brother, Kyocera).

e Movies
« Badminton
e Reading Articles

e C, C+: Knowledge of basic
¢ MATLAB 2013: Knowledge of a
circuit implementation on Simulink. Master of Sciences in Engineering, Electrical Engineering 2004 - 2006

* Microsoft Office: Have a grip on

Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Massachusetts Institute of Technology
« Proteus 8.0: Complete
implementation and execution of an

electrical circuit. Bachelor of Sciences in Engineering, Electrical Engineering 2000 - 2004
Massachusetts Institute of Technology