ROBERT SMITH
Electrical Engineering Technician Il

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Electrical Engineering Technician with Practical knowledge of works related to electrical field in
addition with other technical things related to network issues.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Allen Bradley PLC Technician,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineering Technician It
ABC Corporation - June 1982 — August 1983

Key Deliverables:

* Perlormed layout and design of power, lighting, communications, and weapons fire control
systems.

» Responsible tor the selection of components; the definition of foundation requirements and
weight and moment! calculations:

» Prepared selected record documents, one-line, and isometric drawings.

* Perlormed various evaluations of Naval Shipboard Electrical installations using applicable
Engineering Analysis and judgment,

« Researched and coordinated NAVSHIPS paris requirements, including life cycie
maintenance with vendors chosen to support ShipAit installation.

» Insured summation sheet for individually installed ShipAlts reflected correct part
requirements.

« Duties included Wiring, assembly, troubleshooting problems, repair ot wiring harnesses,
instrument vehicies, and support of dynamometer fabs at GM Powertrain.

Electrical Engineering Technician
ABC Corporation - 1981 - 1982

Key Deliverables:

« This was a temp’contracied position,

» My primary responsibilities at GE included product testing and data collection,

« The locus of the testing was GE circuit breakers and similar power management products.

» Testing included calibration, dielectnic breakdown, and temperature rise tests (DT),

* These test were all administered in accorianca with UL, CSA, and IEC standards,

« Furthermore, testing was done on a variety of circull panels and industrial’commercial
sized breakers.

= In these tests | was responsible for setting up the samples, balancing the electrical load to
the specified standard, recording the results; and documenting the data accordingly ..

EDUCATION

EE
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines