Sr. Electrical Engineer Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Highly focused and motivated Sr, Electrical Engineer, able to work both independently and
collaboratively In a variety of settings, conditions, and environments. Driven to both succeed and
contribute, able to work with, motivate, and mentor diverse tears, while leading by example as
an individual contributor and junior managernent. Proven technical skills utilized In driving
profitable and cost-effective collaboration between Engineering and critical business functions.

Skills

Electrical Engineering, Electro-Optic Avionics, Testing Telemetry, Project Management, Laboratory
Test, Bench Systern Engineer, Lean Manufacturing, Avionics Systerns Repair

Work Experience

Sr. Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2010 - Present

Performed circult design, board layout, assernbly, and testing! debugaing.

Establish technical design, criteria, and specifications for electrical systerns support project
management during the execution of projects.

Develop verification, validation, and acceptance plan for new and existing electrical systerns.
Prepare technical drawings and specifications to ensure that Installation and operations
conform to standards and custorner requirements.

Work with production personnel to solve manufacturing issues and Increase production
efficiency.

Choose components and parts that met the job requirements including the correct fuses for
the specific application.

Designed and managed retrofit projects for older systerns in need of areplacemment or
upgraded starter.

Engineer - entry level
Yan Cerro 2006 - 2010

Worked with several mentors as an apprentice for development, assembly and packaging of
modification kits and other activities to support the deployment of Systern Support
Modifications to the field.

Drafted technical diagrams. Devised appropriate tests to use in evaluating, debugging, and
checking of equiprnent and systems for accurate and dependable conformance to
specifications.

Assisted In assessing cornplex problems and investigated, developed, appraised, selected,
and presented solutions.

Assisted In specifications developrnent, implementation, testing and documenting
engineering systems and equipment.

Initiated concept developrnent and trade-off studies,

Consulted extensively with customer representatives and employees,

This ls Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines