ROBERT SMITH
Electrical Engineer |

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Bectrical Engineer | with a comprehensive knowledge of electrical engineering, design, and
codes. Familiar with regulatory standard and procedures of the electrical industry, A responsible
individual who is committed to achieving excellence. Ability to effectively prioritize and juggle
multiple concurrent projects. Excellent attention to details and well organized. Possess great
analytical skills. Aways on schedule and budget, able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks while
effectively achieving and exceeding project goals,

CORE COMPETENCIES

SmariPlant Electrical, Smartplant Instrumentation, Smartplant P&ID, Smariplant 3D, ETAP,
Transformer Data Sheet Creation, Wiring Diagram, Interconnect Drawing & Load List Reports
Creations

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer |
ABC Corporation - March 2009 — Present

Key Deliverables:

» Interacting with the process: engineer, control engineer team every day to design required
coordinated designs,

« Preparing supporting documents like single line diagram, wiring diagram, etc,

» Developing, prepare, check and coordinate designs, drawings plus other documents
needed for plant electrical systems as per applicable standards and codes.

» Reviewing and coordinate vendor design documents review to ensure compliance to
design requirements,

« Preparing and overseeing electrical power system design having single line diagrams,
wiring and elementary diagrams along with layout and circuitry design.

» Performing with electrical engineers to develop electrical designs meeting needs and
codes:

* Generating quality assurance of electrical, control detail engineering and design project
deliverables,

Junior Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - July 2005 - August 2007

Key Deliverables:
» Worked as an electrical engineer &amp; provided electrical engineering suppor to nuclear
power projecis:
« Responsible for understanding’studying technical specilication &amp;: scope of supply for
electrical aquipment from the tender document.
« Prepared comparative technical &amp; commercial evaluation sheets tor offers:
» Qbdtained contimmation/clarification on our commercial terms &amp; conditions,

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines