ROBERT SMITH
Senior ETL Developer I

E-mail: info@qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

SUNTMIARY

Senior ETL. Developer I with over 11 yeurs ef total IT experience and Technical proficiency in the Duta
Warrhousing teamed with Data Analysis, BI, Data Modeling, and ETL Development &amp: ETL Design
with tull life cvyele Implementation of Data Warehouse. Involved in the clirect interaction with the clients.
Strong knowledge and experience in yurious sectors like banking, finunce, heultheure, pharmacies, und
Insurance. Involved in building the logical and physical models.

SKILLS

ETL. Tool: Informatica 9.x/8.x, IDQ. MDM (Power Center/Power Marl/Power Exchange/SSIS) Languages:
SQL, PL/SQL. SQLPlus. Databases; Oracle SQL. Server 7.0, 2000, 2008, DB2, Teradata, Tera Data
Utilities, ERP System OLAP Tools: SSRS SQL Tools: SQL Developer, TOAD, SQLPLUS, SQLLoader.
Office Tools: MSOffice. MS Project. Operating Systems: Windows, LINIX, Linux, Sun Solaris.

WORK EXPERIENCI

Senior ETL Developer I
Centers Por Medicare & Medicaid Services - April 2009 — April 2017

* Involved in the development of ETL. packages or newly built data mart by using SSIS.

*  Aderessed the issues related to &quet:834 benefit enrolment &amp; maintenance
transactions&quot;. Improvement of existing process and implementation of new ETL design.

* Designed and implemented a data schedule and time-code data from the different entities and
processing the data to provide a unified view of the platform (conformed dimension).

* Supported and implemented appropriate HIPPA standard compliance consolidate redundam
operational process using EDI and up gradation from 4010 to SOLO and maintenance of upfront
application for research analyses between b2b. Platform (conformed dimension),

* Developed [DQ standardization mappings according to rules using 19Q transformations and acdress
validators accelerators;

* Involved in builcing the logical and physical models for dimensional modeling projcets.

* Loaded the interacting with chents to eather requirements on cleansing rules and data remediation.

ETL Developer
ABC Corp - 2006 — 2009

* Designed and developed mapping, transformation logic and processes in Informutica for
implementing business cules and standardization of source data from multiple systems into the data
warehouse.

« ‘Tested all TIPPA transuctions for multi-version support (4010 and 5010) and validated the database
to Tile elements.

* Researched the existing chent processes and euided the vendors in aligning the HIPAA comphance
output with the client systems.

© This Urner Resume Template t the copyright of Qwikresurne.corn, Usage Cuidetines