ETL Informatica Developer FES a) ee oe ee

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH mn

linkedin.conyqwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

ETL Informatica Developer with over 16 years of developrnent experience to include over six years
of Informatica ETL. Extensive Extract Transform and Load (ETL) and a solid understanding of Data
Warehousing, Over six years of experience in analysis, design, development, customization,
testing, implementation, support and user training of Software applications.

Skills

Cognos 8, 10 Connection, Query Studio, Report Studio, Framework Manager, Cognos Suite,
Scheduler, Impromptu Web Reports (IWR), Upfront, Cognos Impromptu 7.x/6.x , PowerPlay 7.x/6.x
, Access Manager ETL Tools: Informatica , Data Modeling Erwin 3.5,2 Languages: Java, JavaScript,
HTML, XML, SQL, PL/SQL

Work Experience

ETL Informatica Developer
Www.chenations.com - November 2002 - Present

.

Analyzing the relationships of flat files and extracting the analyzed systems, meeting with end
users and business units to define the requirements.

Documenting user requirements, translating requirements into systern solutions and
developing implementation plan and schedule.

Extracting data from excel files, high volume of data sets from data files, Oracle, DB2,
Salesforce.com (sfdc) using Infonnatica ETL Mappings/SQL PLSQL scripts and loaded to data
store area,

Developing data mappings between source systems and warehouse components,
Developing etl procedures to ensure conformity, compliance with standards and lack of
redundancy, translates business rules and functionality requirements into etl procedures.
Developing and testing all the backend programs, Informatica mappings and update
processes,

Creating and monitoring batches and sessions using informatica Powercenter server.

Jr. ETL Developer
ABC Corp - 2001 - 2002

.

Tuned SOL queries and views for correctness and performance.

Developed data co-location and caching strategies to enable operation push-down,

Worked with source databases of many flavors (Oracle, Aurora, Redshift, Snowflake, etc) to

access and expose necessary data.

Developed java plug-ins to access non-relational data sources.

Constantly worked to reduce complexity within the virtualization sphere by finding overlaps

and eliminated duplication.

Extensively used Informatica power center 8. 6, 1 for extraction, transformation and loading
POCESS,

Bevelohed UNIX shell Scripts for event wait, wait for files and pre-session tasks,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines