Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Application Programmer /ETL teat Gatien ceucsce

Developer Website: www.qwilres ume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

7 years of IBM Inlosphere DataStage experience ranging from Design, Development, Test Support,
Implementation and Production Support. Worked extensively on designing and developing parallel
DataStage jobs in V || Good experience in Data ware house designs, and data modeling, Star and
snowllake schemas. Worked in detail with different stages in DataStage like Database connectors,
Transformer, Lookup, Join, change capture and Aggregator and successfully ran jobs fram medium
to high complexity levels,

Work Experience
Application Programmer/ETL Developer

ABC Corporation - Noventber 2010 - March 2012

Responsibilities Design, Develop and Implementation of ETL jobs to load internal and external
data into data mart,

Worked closely with business team to gather requirements.

Developed the Source-Target Mapping for cach Dimension and Fact tables.

Develop and modify ETL jobs to meet monthly and quarterly report needs.

Developed ETL processes to load data into fact tables fram multiple sources like Files, Oracle,
Teradata and SQL Server databases.

Extracted data from Oracle database transformed and leaded into Teradata database according
to the specifications,

Used Teradata utilities like Multi Load, T Pump, and Fast Load to load data into Teradata data
warchouse from Oracle and DB2 databases,

ETL Developer

ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2010

Developed Mappings and translormation rules to map business rules, requirements and
policies, using Oracle Warchouse Builder (OWB} 9.2.

Developed PL/SQL scripts and processes to convert legacy codes and data to standardized and
normalized format for OWB Transformation.

Defined and worked with client to formalize OWB architecture and archiving processes.
Created daily mapping functionalities to move data from Oracle 11! Applications environment
to warehouse.

Defined, designed and created PL/SQL scripts to cllect sales data recasting and recast data
extracts for use by Sales reps.

Fine-tuned scripts for performance and enhancements using PL/SQL.

Generated schema comparison scripts to enable client to mainiain schemas in syne with OWB

repository.

Education

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines