ROBERT SMITH
Senior ETL Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Senior ETL Developer with more than 6 years of professional experience in Sottware/IT
industry specializing in Data Engineering and Data Warehousing platform with expertise
in Data Analysis, Design, and Implementation of Database and ETL processes using
Informatica PowerCenter application. Proficient is writing, optimizing and tuning SQL
queries, Domain Experience in major sectors such as Banking, Retail and Insurance,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Informatica Power Center 9.x/8.x, Informatica Data Quality (IDQ), MDM Databases SQL
Server DB2, MySQL, PostgreSQL Languages SQL, PL/SQL, C, UNIX Shell Scripting,
Python Operating Systems UNIX, Windows Linux, Macintosh DB Tools TOAD, SQL Plus,
SQL Developer. SQL Server Management Studio Other Tools Autosys. COGNOS. SSRS.
APEX

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior ETL Developer
Rabobank, N.A - June 2014 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Involved in receiving web service calls from an external vendor and perform ETL to
integrate it with banks internal host using Informatica data integration hub.
Partnered with bi tearm on multiple

* Partnered with cross-functional teams to implement advanced analytics on
eustomers and products.

* Working on integrating customer data from multiple data sourees to achieve
consistency in data and providing a single source of truth for business decision
making.

* Gathering the business requirements trom the business users and pertomming an
extensive data snalysis on the internal host system

* Working closely with the business analysts to create mapping documents,

= Designing complex.and custom ETL code based on the requirements of the
external vendor and internal host.

* Modcitying the schema XSUS based on the changing requirements.

Senior ETL/Data Engineer
Nike, Inc - October 2012 ~- May 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Performed unit testing and support the business users during UAT by analyzing
the issues raised and performing bug fixes.
* Suocessfully integrated multiple web service sources, targets and web service
consumer.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutie.com, Usage Guidelines