Robert Smith

ETL Developer/Team Lead

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Having 5% years of in-depth experience In development, Implementation
and testing of Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Hands
on ETL development experience using Informatica Power Center Client tools
- Mapping Designer, Repository manager, Workfl ow Manager/Monitor,
Repository Server rnanager. Hands-on experience across all stages of
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including business requirement
analysis, data mapping, bulld, unit testing, systern Integration and user
acceptance testing and Agile,

WORK EXPERIENCE

ETL Developer/Team Lead
ABC Corporation- June 2012 - April 2013

Re sponsibilties:

Responsibilities Managing the RDW Protocol Programs, to load the repair
flat files provided by ASC repair centers.

Worked in Production Support environment for Major / Small /
Emergency projects, maintenance requests, bug fixes, enhancements,
data changes, etc,

Wrote conversion scripts using SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures and
packages to migrate data fromm ASC repair Protocol files to Oracle
database.

Performed Database Administration of all database objects including
tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequences packages and procedures,
Involved In Performance tuning of Oracle Databases, by creating
Partitions and indexes on the database tables.

Improved the performance of the application by rewriting the SOL
queries and PLSQL Procedures,

Wrote packages to fetch complex data from different tables in rernote
databases using joins, sub queries and database links.

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation- June 2010 - May 2012

Re sponsibilities:

TCS India Warranty Tracking and Provisioning Information
Responsibilities Managing the WTPI Protocol Programs, to load the
warranty status of the products sold to custorners.

Worked in Production Support environment for Major / Small /
Emergency projects, maintenance requests, bug fixes, enhancements,
data changes, etc.

Developed Advance PL/SQL packages, procedures, triggers, partitions
and Indexes to Implement business logic,

Generated Views and materialized views for complex scenarios for
remote instances.

Created automation process through Unix Shell scripts to provide
warranty status reports for Key and Strategic Customer.

Involved In the continuous enhancements and fixing of production

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Informatica, Oracle 10G,
Oracle 11g, Unix, Dollor
Universe, Data
Warehouse.

Enalish (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing.
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)