JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Over 7.8 years of programming experience as an PL-SQL/ETL developer in analysis, design and Implementation of business logics in data
warehouse (OLAP) applications and transactional database (OLTP) development.

e Experience In Teradata utilities like FastLoad, MultiLoad, FastExport and BTEQ.

e Expertise in Oracle SQL and PL/SQL including all database objects: stored procedures, stored functions, packages, TYPE objects, triggers,
cursors, REF cursors, parameterized cursors, views, materialized views and PL/SQL collections.

© Good knowledge on logical and physical data modeling using normalizing techniques, performance related features such as query
optimizer, execution plans and Indexes.

e Strong experience in data warehouse concepts and ETL tools like SSIS and DMExpress.

e Experience in working on Microsoft SQL Server environment.

e Experience with data analysis and reporting using Oracle BI Publisher, Microsoft SSRS and Power BI.

¢ Good exposure to Microsoft SharePoint designing and configuring various reporting platform on it.

¢ Strong problem solving & technical skills coupled with confident decision making for enabling effective solutions leading to high customer
satisfaction and low operation costs.

e Having good expertise in all the stages of full software development life cycle Implementation (SDLC)

e Expertise in agile process of software development.

e Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical skills and strong ability to perform as part of a team in onsite/offshore model.

SKILLS

* Oracle PL/SQL e SSRS
e Teradata © Power BI
e SQL Server © Microsoft SharePoint
e DM Express e Agile
e SSIS ¢ BI
e Unix e Data modeling
e BI Publisher e ETL

Work HIsTory

PL-SQL / ETL DEVELOPER, 12/2019 - Current
Wipro Ltd. — Melville, NY
e Analyze business requirements, maintenance/development requests for ETL using DM Express tool from various source systems like
Billing, HR, Payroll, General Ledger, Purchase order, Budget Into enterprise Data warehouse.
e Work closely with Business Analysts for requirement gathering, designing database and creating workflow.
e Evaluate business requests and preparing low level / high level design for new system, and compatibility with current systems.
¢ Coding and development/enhancement/modification of new/existing DMExpress, Spark, BTEQ, MLoad, Fast Export, Fast Load jobs
following Syntel and HCA coding standards.
e Plan and define development and testing strategy and performing Unit testing for code changes done.
* Creating/Modifying Power-BI reports and validating its functionality with customer and upload dashboards into Servers.
e Mapped processes to holistically examine business flow and identify improvement opportunities.
e Researched and redesigned ETL workflow to improve performance by up to 50%.
¢ Applied knowledge of data modeling and statistical analysis to note trends and draw conclusions.
e Validated results and performed quality assurance to assess data accuracy.
*« Documented procedures and business processes and shared information with appropriate stakeholders.
¢ Daily troubleshooting, ETL production support for LAWSON data requirements.

PL-SQL /ETL Developer, 04/2019 - 12/2019
Atos Syntel — City, STATE
¢ Understanding requirements and translating it to technical form and creating design documents.
* Legacy data conversion and migration using SQL, SSIS and DMExpress.
* Coding and development/enhancement of new/existing processes in SQL server and Oracle database and ETL tools like SSIS and
DMExpress following coding standard of client architecture.
¢ Performing unit testing for code changes.
* Root cause analysis of frequent issues and applying permanent fix to ensure SLA compliance for ETL jobs.
e Participate in review meetings of various deliverables like code review and design review of ongoing changes/implementations.
¢ Daily critical cycle support in production environment to ensure data is getting delivered to downstream system within SLA timeline.

* Documented and communicated database schemas using accepted notations.

PL-SQL / ETL DEVELOPER, 03/2017 - 03/2019
Atos Syntel — City, STATE
¢ Involved in requirement gathering from business partners/end users and translating it to technical and functional requirements.
* Organized business requirements into conceptual, logical and physical OLAP models.
* Created / reviewed high-level design specification, ETL coding and mapping documents.
¢ Involved in sprint planning sessions and effort estimation meetings in agile environment.
e Leading and guiding team to understand and implement solution for business requirements in effective manner.
* Involved in ETL Development using native Oracle tools (SQL LOADER & Oracle PL/SQL).
e Participated in system analysis and data modeling, which included creating tables, views, indexes, synonyms, triggers, functions,
procedures, cursors and packages.
e Wrote complex SQL queries on fact and dimensional tables to pull data for analysis purpose and created reports using BI Publisher and
Microsoft SSRS.
e Optimized broken and inefficient assets through effectively troubleshooting technical processes and workflows.
e Interpreted data models for conversion into ETL diagrams and code.
* Collaborated with business intelligence staff at customer facilities to produce customized ETL solutions for specific goals.
¢ Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.
e Wrote and optimized in-application SQL statements.

PL-SQL Developer, 12/2013 - 02/2017
Atos Syntel — City, STATE
¢ Involved in ETL Development using native Oracle tools (SQL.
¢ LOADER, Oracle PL/SQL).
e Participated in system analysis and data modeling, which included creating tables, views, indexes, synonyms, triggers, functions,
procedures, cursors and packages.
¢ Used advanced Bulk techniques (FOR ALL, BULK COLLECT) to improve performance.
¢ Involved in performance tuning on SQL using AUTO TRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF utilities.
e Worked on analytical functions like RANK, DENSE RANK, LAG, LEAD and PARTITION OVER.
e Wrote complex SQL queries on fact and dimensional tables to pull data for analysis purpose and created reports using BI Publisher and
Microsoft SSRS.
e Generated, debugged and enhanced existing reports with introduction of new system features.
e Managed workload independently but collaborated with colleagues to complete larger scale tasks in distributed team environment.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science, 06/2013
Pune University - Pune. India
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Received individual (Imaginative) and team (Adaptive) value awards from the organization.
e Received multiple SPOT awards from project manager and Engagement manager for defect free production deployments.
CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals I (1Z0-051)
* Oracle Database 11g: Administration I (1Z0-052)