PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© An Informatica ETL Developer with 3 years of IT Experience. Self motivated and resilient with good

communication and interpersonal skills. Clear understanding of Informatica PowerCenter and Oracle
Structured Query Language. Eager to collaborate with team members and contribute to company success
through hard work and apt attention to details. Highly motivated to learn, grow and adapt to new situations
and challenges in the field.

« Good knowledge of SQL with understanding of = ¢ Collaboration
relational database e« Adaptability
« Good knowledge of Informatica tools( Designer, « Good listening skills
Workflow Manager, Workflow monitor, Repository e Ability to pick up new data tools and concepts

manager) quickly
e Microsoft Word, Excel & PowerPoint e Ability to perform detail-oriented work,
e Excellent Analytical and communication skills independently as well as in teams

e Strong time management and task prioritization
e Report generation

ETL DEVELOPER 10/2021 to CURRENT
American Homes 4 Rent | Katy, TX

e Designed, Developed and Tested ETL Mappings, Mapplets, Workflows using Informatica PowerCenter
10.2.

e Extracted data from various sources like relational databases (Oracle), flat files, csv and others.

e Direct and Indirect loading of files from flat file sources.

e Designed, developed, automated, and supported Extract, Transform and Load data processes using
Informatica and SQL.

e Created Source and Target Definitions using Informatica PowerCenter Designer.

e Used various Transformations in mappings (Source Qualifier, Filter, Expression, Aggregator, Sorter,
LookUp, Router, Sequence Generator, Rank, Union, Joiner, Update Strategy).

e Designed and implemented SCD Type1, SCD Type2 mappings in Informatica.

e Created sessions, database connections and batches using Informatica Server Manager/Work flow
Manager.

e Executed Performance tuning for sources, targets. mappings and SQL queries to increase data load
performance.

« Worked with Business Analysts to design, develop and implement client requirements.

e Generated flat file reports based on client requirements using Informatica PowerCenter.

e Improved performance of long running batch processes by implementing new mappings and modified
existing SQL queries.

e Worked with team in integration of various application with different source definitions like SQL, Oracle,
Flat Files.

e Performed ETL testing and Data warehouse validation using SQL queries to test and validate.

e Experienced in understanding and working through business processes and ETL processes to ensure
precise and consistent delivery of data.

e Reviewed requirements. business processes, and recommendations related to proposed solutions.

ETODEVELOPER JUNIOR 02/2020 to 07/2021
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center | Capitol Heights, MD

e Developed PowerCenter Workflows and Sessions, and also set up connections to database.

e Designed, Developed and Tested ETL Mappings, Mapplets, Workflows using Informatica PowerCenter
10.2.

e Created source definitions from various relational sources like Oracle, SQL server and from flat files.

e Designed various Mappings for extracting data from various sources involving Flat files,
Oracle.

e Created various mappings, active and passive transformations to support voluminous loading of data
into target table using Informatica PowerCenter.

e Direct and Indirect loading of files from flat file sources.

e Created Parameter files to store parameter variables.

e Improved performance of long running batch processes by implementing new mappings and modified
existing SQL queries.

e Worked closely with team to Design, Develop and implement client requirements.

Dé4-K ENTRY ASSISTANT 09/2016 to 10/2019
PaceLead Ventures | Houston, TX

e Added documents to file records and created new records to support filing needs.

« Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

*« Organized, sorted and checked input data against original documents.

« Corrected data entry errors to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.

e Verified data files prior to entry to maintain high data accuracy.

e Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and database information to maintain accurate
records.

« Managed documents by organizing forms, making photocopies, filing records, preparing
correspondence and creating reports.

« Produced monthly reports using Excel spreadsheet.

« Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.

e Participated in team-building activities to enhance working relationships.

e Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents

Bachelor of Science | Geology 1998
University of Calabar, Calabar, Nigeria