JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

« I am passionate about working with data and would like to apply my experience as a Data Analyst & Database developer to derive
valuable insights

¢ Client-focused Technical Data Analyst cum Database Developer with more than 5 1/2 years designing and development associated to
Database/Data warehouse and BI applications, achieving high client satisfaction.

e Excellent understanding of Data Warehouse, SQL concepts and ETL concepts. Proven background improving process quality, providing
system automation recommendations and strategies to manage solutions and data efficiently.

e Strong knowledge in Agile Methodology of project implementation. Good interpersonal skills:

« I am result passionate and have the curiosity and zeal to learn new technologies and take on new challenging tasks.

¢ Team Dynamics, collaboration and model of learning and sharing that aids overall team development.

¢ Strong team player and proven ability to perform multiple roles.

« Was involved in various phases such as Requirements Gathering, Software development, unit & integration testing, final deployment
preparation, Go-Live phase involving hand over and post implementation support.

SKILLS
¢ Data Analysis, Data Warehousing, Data Solutions. e Proven Analytic skills
¢ BI Application development. SAP Applications. Agile. ¢ Excellent problem-solving abilities
e SQL, ETL, and Reporting. e Excellent diagnostic skills

e Database: SQL Server2005/2008 R2, Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g:

e Reporting: Vendavo 8.1,SSRS 2008 R2, Business Objects. ¢

e Programming Languages: C++, C, UNIX Scripting, Python -
basics.

e ETL: IBM Infosphere Data Stage V8.1-8.7, MS SSIS 2008.

¢ Database designTechnical specifications creation

Work History

08/2011 to 03/2013 ETL Developer
Abt Associates — Rockville

© De-beers | ETL Developer and Reporting Dec 2011 to April 2013 Forevermark, Data Archiving Management —
FDI Project aimed to conceptualize and develop several ETL packages and reports using the Microsoft Business
Intelligence Suite.

e Key responsibilities included:

e Data Warehousing, project scoping, requirement gathering, analysis, effort estimation, ETL design, development,
testing, implementation and production support.

e Handled the full life cycle of Integration and Reporting Services from Development to Deployment of Scripts,
Packages and Reports.

e Responsible for Design, development and Implementation of Master and Child packages and job sequencing
methodology.

e Database Backup, Schedules, Linked Servers and Restoration of Database. * Predominantly worked on the ETL
tool and Database — SQL scripts, queries, designs, stored procedures and functions.

« Responsible to develop and implement complex workflow and mappings in ETL Packages.

¢ UNIX Shell Scripting.

¢ Involved in direct interaction with Customer for production support and requirements gathering for enhancements.

e Enhancement of Reports using Report Designer, BI —- Development Studio, SSRS R2.

¢ Proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance
improvement of technical objects.

04/2013 to Current Technical Data Analyst and Database Developer
Chevron Corporation (through Vendor L&T Infotech) — City
Summary: I develop interfaces and perform data analysis to help the Business to make better pricing decisions thereby
to increase the company's revenue at a Global level.
e Worked through this Project as a Data Lead for two successful yearly releases that were delivered in a timely
manner without compromise on quality.
e Known to have established a strong relationship not just within the team but also across 5 other teams across the
organization through collaboration.
e Part of the special core project team - Involved in Project Planning, Requirement Analysis and Design discussions
with the Business that primarily drives the direction of the project.
The following are some of the key acttvities/duties that I get involved for the Project:-
e Build and maintain SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction.
e Planning. design, and implement application database code objects, such as transformation Stored
Procedures(Adhering to best practices and standards).
e Manage the project schema in our data warehouse used by our pricing application Perform extensive data analysis
across multiple systems to uncover data issues and drive changes for resolution.
¢ Collaborate with the Solution Consultants and Business Analysts to help the Business to identify their needs and
discuss solution options.
e Focus on analysis and problem solving related activities by dealing with different types of data and the
relationships among data elements within the application (Dashboards).
¢ Draft and prepare standard and/or ad-hoc reports by coordinating with clients to determine their research needs.
e Release coordinator - Database related deployment activity associated with our application._Load Active Deal Load
files through the User interface and also provide analysis on the load statistics.
e The Primary contact and responsible for the Data used in the Pricing Application.
e Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and
integration.
© Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.
e Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
e Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding database activities.
e Trained junior and senior members of IT team regarding Project Process, data work flow and database related
activities.
e Independently worked in creating and managing the Project Schema that transforms/manipulates the data for the

Pricing Application.
EpucaTIon
2011 Bachelors of Engineering: Electronics and Communication
Anna University - India - Chennai
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Analysis and Development
Resolved core issues through the changes in the transformation, data house-holding processes and daily round-trip database
synchronization. Set new standards having over 98% data accuracy.

e Performance Management
Successfully deployed complex end-to-end business intelligence solutions that delivered business value to functional organizations.
Facilitated effective working relationships between client, partners and project teams throughout project lifecycles.

¢ Problem Resolution
Responsible for support and development of Project Production. Served as advocate for end-users, performing tests and problem analysis
for the Data used in Project application.

e Process Improvement
Collaborated with IT Operations teams to ensure smooth work flow and efficient project operations.

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist - SQL Server 2008.

e IBM Certified Solution Developer — Info sphere Data stage V8.5 (IBM).

e Oracle Certified SQL - Oracle Database 11g.

¢ Certified - Chinese for Beginners — Peking University (Coursera)

¢ Dipléme d'études en langue francaise (DELF - Intemational French proficiency test).