JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

A professional business intelligence developer with over 7+ years of experience in SQL and BI reporting tools such Tableau, SSRS, SSIS and as
a Business Analyst. Currently seeking growth -oriented opportunities in Business intelligence in industries like Manufacturing, Health,
Education, Logistics, Retail etc.

Enthusiastic team player, dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project issues with experience and understanding of
SDLC

SKILLS

e OLTP/OLAP System, Analysis and E-R modeling e Microsoft Word, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio, Emwin
¢ Developing Database Schemas like Star schema, Snowflake ¢ Conflict Resolution/Troubleshooting

schema used in relational, dimensional, and multidimensional e Planning/Scheduling

modeling e Technical Support
e Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server e Data entry and Word processing
e Oracle Database. Teradata, AS400,
¢ Microsoft SQL Server
¢ Toad, SQL Developer, DB Visualizer, SSMS, Winscp

EXPERIENCE

SSIS ETL/SSRS Report Developer, 01/2019 - Current
McKesson — City, STATE

¢ Developed SSIS packages to load data from multiple sources to data warehouse.

* Scheduled SSIS packages to run using Control-M.

¢ Produced Ad-hoc SSRS Dashboard based on user requirements.

¢ Utilized best practice approaches to data preparation.

e Experience in using SSIS tools like Import and Export Wizard, Package Installation, and SSIS Package Designer.

e Experience in importing/exporting data between different sources like Oracle/Access/Excel etc.

e Using SSIS/DTS utility.

e Experience in ETL processes involving migrations and in sync processes between two databases.

e Experience in maintaining one to many and many to one relationships while moving data between two databases.

e Experience in using recursive CTEs, CTE, temp tables and effective DDL/DML Triggers to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data
consistency as well as to support the existing applications.

e Expertise in writing T-SQL Queries, Dynamic-queries, sub-queries and complex joins for generating Complex Stored Procedures, Triggers,
User-defined Functions, Views and Cursors.

e Skilled in error and event handling: precedence Constraints, Break Points, Check points and Logging.

e Supported team in resolving SQL Reporting services and T-SQL related issues and Proficiency in creating different types of reports such as
Cross-Tab, Conditional, Drill-down, Top N, Summary, Form, OLAP and Sub reports, and formatting them.

e Expert in generating writing parameterized queries, drill through reports and formatted SQL server Reports.

e Strong Experience in creating Ad Hoc, parameterized reports, Linked reports, Snapshots, Drilldown and Drill through reports using SSRS.

Tableau/SSRS Report Developer, 09/2013 - 08/2018
Shoprite Store — City, STATE
e Work directly with Quality Assurance associates to ensure all deliverables are accurate and of the highest quality.
* Good database knowledge and experience writing Oracle SQL and Microsoft SQL server SQL queries.
e Extensive experience in Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop in various versions of Tableau.
* Tableau design, development and process documentation to produce required reporting, analytics, and visualization deliverables.
e Ability to perform data analysis, troubleshoot data integrity issues and trend data analysis in Tableau.
* Development of new Reports / Dashboards/Story using Tableau and relevant data sources (Oracle, Excel, SQL Server, Teradata, Data
warehouse etc.).
e Able to creatively stretch the capability of Tableau to customize and develop creatively stunning and dynamic visualizations.
¢ Develop Tableau desktop/ server reports and dashboards.
e Create Tableau data extracts.
* Consult with business and technology partners on data visualization options and best practices.
e Drive Tableau adoption across a broader array of business and technology areas.
* Troubleshoot Tableau related issues and queries.
¢ Relevant Tableau Desktop Experience Tableau dashboards, visualizations, and performing advanced analytics to analyze data.
e Engage client to gather software requirements/business rules, and ensure alignment with development teams.
¢ Translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories,
workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model diagrams.
¢ Identify and reconcile errors in client data to ensure accurate business requirements.
e Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements.
¢ Facilitate monthly meetings with clients to document requirements and explore potential solutions.

« Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure a mutual understanding of processes and applications.

Business/System Analyst, 02/2008 - 11/2011
Legon Centre For International Affairs And Diplomacy — City, STATE
e Performed extensive GAP analysis in the project as there were numerous 'As-Is’ and 'To-Be' condition.
e Engage users and stakeholders to gather software requirements/business rules and ensure alignment with development teams.
e Translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user stories, user cases,
workflow/process diagrams, flowcharts and model diagrams.
e Identify and reconcile errors in client data to ensure accurate business requirements.
¢ Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements.
e Lead stakeholder meetings and JAD sessions.
e Prepares documentations and stores them on the organizations shared drive or share points.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master of Arts: Development and Governance, 10/2013

University Of Duisburg-Essen - Duisburg, Germany

Master of Arts: International Affairs, 06/2011
Legon Centre For International Affairs And Diplomacy (LECIAD), University Of Ghana - Accra, Ghana

Bachelor of Arts: Social Work With Psychology, 06/2009
University Of Ghana - Accra, Ghana