SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Reliable ETL Developer and Business analyst with 4 years of experience building dependable and accurate data transformation tools and
dashboards to drive business growth. Well-versed in technologies such as Informatica power center, SQL, Microsoft BI, and Spotfire. Strong
analytical and problem-solving skills, with a detail-oriented and systematic approach to data transformation and analytics. Value-driven and
hardworking with excellent communication and project management skills. Experienced in collaboration with multidiscipline teams to meet
needs, improve processes and ultimately attain company objectives.

SKILLS
¢ Informatica PowerCenter ® SQL Application
¢ Microsoft Power BI e Data Extraction
¢ Pivot Tables e Financial and Economic Data
« Change Data Capture e Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL)
¢ Slowly Changing Dimensions © Project Management
« Business and Technical Analysis © MS Project
« MS SQL Server 2000 © Strategic Planning
e Informatica Data Quality
Work History
03/2021 to Current ETL Developer

American Homes 4 Rent — Tampa, FL

e Designed integration tools to combine data from multiple, varied data sources such as RDBMS, SQL and big data
installations.

e Designed and created ETL code installations, aiding in transitions from one data warehouse to another.

e Interpreted data models for conversion into ETL diagrams and code.

© Optimized broken and inefficient assets through effectively troubleshooting technical processes and workflows.

06/2017 to 08/2018 Business Planning Analyst

Time Warner Cable — Sumter, SC

e Performed analysis on business aspects and determined vital drivers for business performance.

e Analyzed and resolved issues impacting business operations and goal achievement.

© Developed intelligence-sharing dashboards, made monthly updates, and shared important information with
management.

e Collected data from various sources for analysis, evaluation, and business intelligence purposes.

© Developed short-term goals and long-term strategic plans to improve risk control and mitigation.

e Prepared the quarterly planning updates and delivered KPIs for projects to executive management to aid in the
Business assessment and Outlook meetings to create long-term business strategies.

¢ Improved project planning processes by championing efforts in conjunction with functional teams; created
streamlined processes that reduced project planning cycle time by 30%.

e Researched, recommended, tested, and implemented innovative business tools and new technology to increase the
efficiency of the business Intelligence process.

11/2012 to 04/2016 Integrated Project Manager

EpucatTIon

12/2020

Fleishman-Hillard Inc — Atlanta. GA

e Responsible for the successful and timely execution of complex projects, including ensuring compliance with
schedule, budget, scope, and quality deliverables.

e Effectively collaborated with asset functional teams and management teams to provide monthly and quarterly
production and capital forecast for budget, short-term and long-term plans, including resource planning,
production’ facility capacity planning, and marketing contracts.

¢ Prepared weekly project progress reports reflecting Plan schedule, resources, expenditure, and timeline to

completion, ensuring on-time delivery of projects.

o Conducted schedule change impact analysis from baseline; communicated variances to senior management for

strategic financial decision making.

Provided project earned value management (EVM) analysis, including detail planning, actual vs. plan variance

analysis, schedule/cost impact analysis, Estimated Total Cost (ETC) analysis, and Estimate at Completion (EAC).

e Tracked project and team member performance closely to quickly intervene in mistakes or delays.

Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives.

e Effectively managed multiple projects simultaneously with competing priorities and coordinated efforts with teams
ensuring on-time delivery within scope, budget, and quality expectations.

e Ensured profitability of projects; performed economic analysis and evaluation for drilling and completion
programs, new production facilities, projects. and pipeline projects exceeding $800MM.

Successfully executed all aspects of an assigned project, including managing the staff, monitoring project

schedules, resources, and budgets, guaranteeing the project is within scope and budget, and delivering quality

work.

e Created and presented project status and variance analysis due to changes in the program schedule, cost, and scope
to senior management.

e Performed project schedule risk analysis, identified risk areas, reviewed schedule, and compared planned versus
actual program progress.

¢ Developed and implemented technical and corporate procedures and policies to ensure the successful operation of

the program and profitability.

MBA: Management
University of Houston - Victoria - Victoria, TX

Master of Science: Petroleum Engineering
Texas A&M University - College Station, TX