Robert Ss m ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

Website : www, qwikresume, com

Sr. ETL Developer LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Sr ETL Developer with over 11 Years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
within Design, Coding, Testing, Development, and Implementation of Data Warehouse/Data Mart
under Unix and Windows Environments. Extensive ETL experience with Informatica PowerCenter
Advanced knowledge and excellent concepts in development and design of ETL methodology for
supporting data transformations and processing ETL solutions,

SKILLS

Databases Oracle SQL Server 2008, Netezza, Teradata Data Modeling Tool ERWIN ETL Tools
Informatica Power Center SAP BODS/BODI, SSIS RDBMS Tools TOAD, SQL Developer, SOL Plus, MS
SOL Management Studio Reporting Tools Crystal Reports, Dashboard, Tableau Reports Scripting
Unix, Python Other Tools Control -M, Autosys, TIDAL, Secure FTP(SSH), MS Excel, Notepad++,
BMC(Pak 2000) Operating Environment Windows/Mac-OS/ UNIX

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. ETL Developer
Wells Fargo Bank - September 2011 - September 2017

Analyzed the business requirements and designed ETL solution and developed the code using
informatica power center,

Understood the requirement specifications, prepared the functional and technical design
documents.

Written documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes and
corrections, optimized the mappings by changing the logic and reduced running time.
Worked on up gradation process of informatica from version 9.1 to 9.5.

Included error-handling and exception handling by logging in the error tables and sending an
alert message via e-mail to the concerned distributions list.

Responsible for retrofitting the code to qa environment, and extending the support for the qa
and uat for fixing the bugs,

Responsible for batch monitoring and break fix in the production environment:

Sr. ETL Developer
Vmware - May 2006 - August 2011

» Involved in bug fixing of the current production issues, and delivery in a short time frame.
» Developed the source definitions, target definitions to extract data from flat files, relational
sources,
Created different transformations for applying the key business rules and functionalities on
the source data.
Developed ETL Solutions for reporting designed to sustainably support business outcome
requirements.
Engaged with department and business unit resources to ensure understanding of
requirements and data environment.
Delivered timely, validated, well-tested work product,
Participated in the development of quality and continuous improvement standards and
protocols,

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines