Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Attentive Senior Systems Analyst with 11 years helping companies design and build technical systems

SUMMARY customized perfectly for unique needs. Masterful at uncovering economical solutions to system design tasks
of any scale. Keen to help clients design and acquire systems that overperform on business needs while
coming in under budget.

SKILLS © e PeopleSoft 9.2 « Oracle, IBM DB2
e PeopleTools 8.55 e RDBMS
« Application Designer e SQL Programming, PL/SQL
« Application Engine e Pentaho, Informatica, DataStage
« File Layout e Data Warehousing Management
« XML/BI Publisher, Crystal Reports e Agile
WORK HISTORY © SENIOR ETL DEVELOPER 07/2019 to CURRENT

Epam Systems Inc | Phoenix, AZ

e Identified areas of possible system improvement to enhance overall business performance, accounting
for budgetary concerns and business goals.

e Interpreted data models for conversion into ETL diagrams and code.

e Designed integration tools to combine data from multiple, varied data sources such as RDBMS, SQL
and big data installations.

e Designed and created ETL code installations, aiding in transitions from one data warehouse to another.

e Verified performance and reliability of development database transformation solutions via extensive
simulation testing.

e Wrote and optimized in-application SQL statements.

e Collaborated with business intelligence staff at customer facilities to produce customized ETL solutions
for specific goals.

e Optimized broken and inefficient assets through effectively troubleshooting technical processes and
workflows.

e Developed database architectural strategies at modeling, design and implementation stages to address
business or industry requirements.

e Designed data models for complex analysis needs.

e Tested software applications and systems to identify enhancement opportunities.

e Developed and modified programs to meet customer requirements.

e Prepared functional and technical documentation data for warehouses.

SECIOR SYSTEMS ANALYST 06/2018 to 06/2019
City Of Hollywood, FI | Hollywood, FL

e Authored code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.

e Considered and evaluated potential software products based on new and existing system development
and migration requirements.

e Worked closely with clients to establish specifications and system designs.

e Evaluated multiple software solutions during early software architecture plotting and system migration
planning stage.

e Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.

e Researched, designed and implemented scalable applications for data extraction, analysis, retrieval
and indexing.

e Built databases and table structures following multi-tier architecture methodology for web applications.

e Delivered and maintained scalable system architecture to support high-availability Internet site with
various internal applications.

e Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.

e Maintained existing applications and designed and delivered new applications.

e Collaborated with product management to design, build and test systems.

e Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing
operating costs and improving functionality.

e Performed regression and system-level testing to verify software quality and function prior to release.

¢ Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release
software project development.

e Introduced agile methodologies and effective development best practices to division to enhance product
development.

PE)PLESOFT TECHNICAL CONSULTANT 01/2014 to 05/2018
Cognizant Technology Solutions | Windsor, CT

¢ Collaborated with cross-functional development team members to analyze potential system solutions
based on evolving client requirements.

« Worked closely with other business analysts, development teams and infrastructure specialists to
deliver high availability solutions for mission-critical applications using PeopleTools 8.55.

e Researched, designed and implemented scalable applications for data extraction, analysis, retrieval
and indexing.

e Collaborated with financials business unit team members for data conversion activities during
PeopleSoft upgrade 9.2.

e Tested troubleshooting methods, devised innovative solutions, and documented resolutions for
inclusion in knowledge base for support team use.

e Performed Fit-Gap analysis and retrofit activities for new PUM images -

e Investigated new and emerging software applications within ERP to design, select, implement and use
administrative information systems effectively.

e Consulted regularly with internal customers on application development project status, new project
proposals and software-related technical issues.

e Consulted with network engineering staff to evaluate hardware and software requirements for new
system development.

e Led PeopleTools 8.55 upgrade initiative as Subject Matter Expert and primary point-of-contact for
project management staff.

e Prepared detailed reports on updates to project specifications, progress, identified conflicts and team
activities.

e Worked closely with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust
solutions to meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance.

e Modified existing billing process to correct coding errors, upgrade interfaces and improve overall
performance.

PEOPLESOFT TECHNICAL CONSULTANT 09/2009 to 12/2013
Cognizant Technology Solutions | Beaverton, OR

e Full life cycle software development for major and minor projects using PeopleSoft FSCM 9.1 and
PeopleSoft EPM 9.1

e« Application engine, application package, SQR development using PeopleTools 8.5x.

« Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release
software project development.

e« Performed regression and system-level testing to verify software quality and function prior to release.

e« Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing
operating costs and improving functionality.

e« Authored code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.

« Developed application engine programs to load external system data into warehouse using file layouts.

« Development of ETL jobs using DataStage 8.5 to load source system data into EPM warehouse. Data
load from external system tables into warehouse.

e Performed DB2 upgrade from 9.7 to 10.5 and DB2 to Oracle migration.

« Developed Unix scripts to transfer files across multiple environments.

« Planned and developed interfaces using application engine program that simplified overall management
and offered ease-of-use.

« Documented all software development methodologies in technical manuals to be used by teams in
future projects.

EDUCATION © Bachelor of Engineering | Computer Science
Shivaji University, Maharashtra, India