JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Data Professional with over 25 years of experience in Information Technology and 12 years in Data Integration and Data

Warehousing applications. Excellent reputation for designing, developing , troubleshooting, improving customer satisfaction, and driving
overall operational improvements with strengths in DataStage, DB2 ZOS and LUW, SQL, Redshift, Aurora PostgreSQL, Data Modeling.

Cobol IL’85, etc.

Good Knowledge of AWS cloud infrastructure with implementation of Data Integration and Data Warehousing applications in the AWS cloud
during the last 2 to 3 years.
Looking for Lead or Managerial Role in Data Warehousing and Cobol-DB2 Applications.

SKILLS
¢ Data Integration, Data Warehousing Management ¢ SQL Proficiency, Programming, Shell scripting
e DataStage Versions 11.7 & 11.3,8.7&7.5 e Cobol, CICS, DB2, VSAM, JCL,
¢ Data Modeling, Technical Analysis, Process Improvement e TSO/ISPF, SPUFI, QMF
« RDBMS (LUW DB2 and ZOS DB2?, RedShift, PostGreSQL) e Customer Service, Meeting Deadlines, Communication Skills,
e Agile, Jira, SVN and GIT Organizational Skills
e DB2 ZOS and DB2 LUW e Leadership, Teamwork, Quality Assurance, Process
e AWS, $3, Presto, Hive Improvements
¢ Workflow Management and Process Scheduling
e Python and Java Batch Programming
Work History

01/2017 to 07/2020

01/2011 to 12/2016

09/2006 to 12/2010

04/1998 to 09/2006

EpucATION

01/1991

1985

Lead ETL Developer
Adp — Seattle, WA

¢ Designed, developed and implemented data integration applications to combine data from multiple, varied data
sources such as RDBMS, SQL, flat files, CSV files, and data sources from legacy installations. Designed,
developed and optimized complex SQLs

e Also, maintained Cobol and DB2 Applications and automated build of control cards and maintained DB2 Plans and
Packages for DB2 SQLs

¢ Designed and developed applications flows using DataStage sequences and/or enterprise workflow scheduler
(UC4) to achieve high-degree of efficiency and utility

e Collaborated with business users, other teams & with team members and produced customized and superior ETL
solutions for specific goals

e Managed and lead the team using superior technical and business knowledge

¢ Mentored other team members in use of SVN, GIT, DB2/SQLs, DB2 Views, DataStage, Cobol, etc

e Verified performance and reliability of ETL and data transformation solutions via extensive testing, found solutions
for performance issues and fixed issues

© Utilized code versioning systems such as SVN and GIT to reduce development times

e Interpreted data models for conversion into ETL diagrams and code

¢ Designed and created ETL/ data integration applications aiding in transitions from one data warehouse to another

e Consulted with DBAs, data architects and users to determine system loads and develop data extract and load
improvement plans

e Contributed ideas and suggestions in team meetings and delivered updates on deadlines, designs and enhancements

e Authored code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches. Managed data quality
issues during ETL processes and addressed them based on priorities and user needs

e Worked closely with business users to establish requirements, specifications and data mappings. Evaluated project
requirements and specifications and developed ETL applications that surpassed client expectations

© Developed next generation integration platform for internal applications

Senior Application Developer
Caterpillar — Westmoreland, KS
¢ Designed , developed and implemented ETL solutions and Data Warehousing solutions of company that met and
exceeded process and operational requirements of business users
e Designed and Developed Cobol, DB2 and CICS Applications and automated build of control cards and SQL binds
for different environments. Maintained DB2 Plans and Packages for DB2 / SQLs
e Collaborated on all stages of systems development lifecycle, from requirement gathering to production releases
¢ Lead and migrated ETL Applications from 8.7 to 11.3
e Also, developed batch Java applications for couple of years

Application Developer
Ibm Corporation — Cincinnati, OH
e Designed . developed and implemented ETL solutions to read and transform data from mainframe and LUW DB2
databases and provide data in XML/ FIXML to external and internal users.
¢ Designed and Developed Cobol, DB2 and CICS Applications and automated build of control cards and SQL binds
for different environments. Maintained DB2 Plans and Packages for Cobol-DB2 Program SQLs.
e Maintained and supported ETL applications.
© Provided excellent support for Production installs and Production teams.

Programmer Analyst
Genesco Inc — Chapel Hill, TN
© Designed, developed, and maintained software applications at client installations using Cobol, DB2/SQL, CICS,
IDMS, ADSO, JCL, ISPF, etc.
¢ Responded to and remedied critical issues that could not be addressed by junior members of team.
¢ Documented program development and revisions and followed SDLC.
e Worked in team-driven environments and communicated effectively with all stakeholders.

National Institute of Information Technology - India
Diploma in Systems Management

GED
A.U. College of Engineering - Vizag. India
B.S. in Electrical and Electronics Engineering.