JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

5 years of experience on Database development and administration, knowledge of relational database on SQL Server particularly on SSMS,
SSRS, SSIS, Transact-SQL and SQL Server Agent. *Extensive exposure to creation of Database Objects, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views,
User Defined Functions and Cursors.

CorE QUALIFICATIONS

¢ SQL Server Tools: SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)

« Data Warehouse Tools: MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012
Integration Services

¢ Business Intelligence Tools: SQL Server 2005/2008/2012
Business Intelligence Development Studio

e Programming Languages: T-SQL

e Reporting Tools: SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 Reporting Services

¢ Development Environment: Visual Studio 2005/2008/2012

* Operating Systems: Windows XP/2003/2008 Server, Win 3.x/
95/98, Vista, Win 7

e Advanced Excel V-lookup, Sub-total, Pivot table, and Chart.

EXPERIENCE

11/2014 to Current Data Analyst
Liberty Healthcare Corporation —-OK

e Experience in Constraints, rules and default setting Primary, Foreign, Unique and Default Key.

e Developed Joins and Sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.

e Experienced in using temporary tables, table variables, common table expression (CTE) to enhance optimized SQL
queries form improved performance of queries.

e Experience in crating and updating Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes to keep up the SQL Server Performance.

e Well versed in Normalization /De-Normalization techniques both in OLTP and OLAP system.

e Experienced in using Try catch block introduced in SQL Server 2005 and error handling.

e Great deal of experience on authoring, managing and deploying ad hoc, enterprise, advance and interactive reports
using SQL Server Reporting Servers.

e Expert in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) using various tools such as SSIS, DTS, Bulk Insert,
data cleansing and profiling.

e Well experienced using different transformations tools like Aggregate, Cache Transformation, Conditional split,
Copy columns, Sort column, Data conversion, Derived column, Merge, Merge join, Union all, Import and Export
columns and OLE DB command.

e Data Extraction form OLE DB server encrypt and compressed with the TF PGP and TF compression task to the
remote server location and FTP Server on the CSV format.

¢ Implementation of point in time backup and recovery of databases, executing package, scheduling and managing
jobs on SQL Server Agent and maintain good documentation.

Managed and maintained user's security and permissions and migration database objects form one server to another
server database to another database.

e Exposure to Business Analysis and requirements gathering in Business and Health Care Domains mainly on
HIPAA.

¢ Knowledge of complete Software Development Life Cycle and work experience in Agile and environment.

e Strong research, analytical, coordination, interaction skills, team player and able to quickly grasp new technologies
and products.

09/2012 to 10/2014 Data Analyst, SQL Server Developer/SSIS/SSRS
EBS

e EBS/Ethiopian Broad Casting Service /aims to promote Ethiopian and African countries values Cultures and
traditions on a global scale.

e The much-needed information provided by EBS would Help bridge the cultural divide and narrow the
communication gap for Ethiopians residing in North America and around and world.

¢ Involved in gathering business requirements.

e Installation and configuration of SQL Server.

e Created database, tables, wrote stored procedures for developers and users.

e Created SQL scripts and defined functions, check constraints, indexes, and views.

e Created triggers to enforce data and referential integrity.

e Create new SSIS package (2008R2) to extract date from legacy to SQL Server objects.

e Extensively used SSMS and SSIS Import/Export system for performing ETL operations.

¢ Performed data conversion from fat file and excel in to a normalized database structure.

e Configured Server for sending automatic mails.

¢ Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages (2008R2).

e Installation and configuration of reporting server.

e Generated Snapshot, Drill Down, and parameterized reports using SSRS Prepared Ad-hoc reports through report
builders and published through Report Manager Design and created different types of reports like Sub Reports,
Drill-Through, Cascading, Drill -Down, ad-hoc Reports in visual Studio and deploy and manage on Microsoft SQL
Server Reporting Services Configuration Manager.

e Ethiopian Magical Farm PLC, Jessica Ababa, Ethiopia.

02/2010 to 07/2012 SQL ETL Developer/SSIS/SSRS
¢ Responsibility Designed and developed the databases.
e Created store procedures, views, and tables and generated TSQL script for application.
e Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) to create, edit, and deploy SSRS and SSIS.
e Designed, deployed, and maintained of various SSRS Reports in SQL Server 2008R2.
e Created ETL packages using SSIS to extract data from relational database and then transform and load in to the
database.
e Developed deployed and monitored SSIS packages including upgrades DTS to SSIS.
© Developed, executed, documented, and maintained appropriate BI procedures.
¢ Collaborated with network operators, application developers, and DBAs to enhance end user experience.
¢ Scheduling Jobs and Alerting using SQL Server Agent.

EpucaTIon

BSc Degree: Information Science
Admas University
Information Science

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Ad, Agile, aims, automate, backup, Business Analysis, BI, Business Intelligence, business management, Hardware, data collection, Data
conversion, Data migration, data modeling, DTS, data warehouse, databases, database, delivery, documentation, edit, ETL, fat, FTP, logic,
managing. Access, MS Excel, excel, Excel V, Microsoft SQL, Win 7, Win 3.x, 95/98, Windows XP, migration, enterprise, network, OLAP.
OLE, Operating Systems, DB, Pivot table, PLC, Programming, quality, relational database, reporting, requirement, requirements gathering.
research, Scheduling, Servers. scripts, script, Software Development. sorting, MS SQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, SQL Server, SQL
Server, tables, team player, T-SQL, TSQL, translating, Unique. upgrades, Vista, Visual Studio