ROBERT SMITH
Senior ETL Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Senior ETL Developer with 8+ years of experience in the Finance domain. Full life-cycle project
delivery experiance from product definition ta implementation including requirements and
specification writing, design documentation, unit and systern testing, optimization and performance
analysis, quality assurance, and release into a production environment

CORE COMPETENCIES

Informatica PowerCenter, Informatica PowerExchange / Power Connect in all phases of Analysis,
Administration, Design, Development, Implementation, and support of Data warehousing
applications using Informatica power conter 9.x&amp; 8.x, SQL, PL'SQL, MS SQL, Teradata, DB2,
Oracle, and Unix.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior ETL Developer
Penn Mutual - January 2014 — Present

Key Deliverables:

« Creating functional, technical design and data mapping documents by Interacting with
customers subject matter expert (SME).

= In addition, participating in raquirament gathering, analyzing the requirements, creating the
technical design specifications based on cliert functional specs

« Designing data mappings to oxtract Gata from SAP using ABAP, IDoc, BAPIS &amp;
setting up business content mappings |.e. Listener, sand request, processing Samp; clean
up to load into EWD for upstream Cognos reporting system,

= Identifying, activating, creating processing mappings for BCls and extracting data sources
for attribute amp; text fables for SD, MM, Fl &amp; CO modules.

* Outage hancling(escalation procedure, running metadata queries and procedures,
checking database , creating outage log).

« Pertorred migration of mappings and s9ssion trorn doy to test repository, taking backup
and restoring of Informatica repository, upgrades and security Issues,

«Involved in the migration of informatica objScts in all phases (dev, int and prel) af the project
and trained davelopers to maintain system when in production,

Senior ETL Developer
ABC Corp - 2008 — 2014

Key Deliverables:
« Rasponsibls for data warehousing and data management aspects of the ETL using Oracle
and Notezza.
« Designed and modoled data marts using provided ETL specifications to the development
team in Oracls and Netezza:
« Plonsered the strategy for integrating data trorn Oracle to Netezza.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge. New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines