Jessica CLAIRE

San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

¢ Over 8 years of experience in Information Technology as a Etl DataStage developer in the areas including ETL design,
development, Production support and Maintenance..

e Extensively worked on Dimensional modeling, Data migration, Data cleansing, ETL Processes for data warehouses.

¢ Worked in Agile and waterfall models, Onshore-Offshore project environments.

e Extensive knowledge of the most advanced tools and applications aiding the execution of datastage design and development
functions

¢ Good understanding of the principles of Data Warehousing using fact tables, dimension tables and star/snowflake schema
modeling..

¢ Extensively used Ascential DataStage Designer for creating DataStage Jobs and created Shared Containers for reusability.

e Extensively Used Datastage (ETL Tool) , Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, MS Products to Extract, Cleanse, Transform and load data to
target systems with right format and level of detail.

e Having experience in trouble shooting existing datastage applications, testing migrations and job scheduling tasks.

¢ Good Knowledge on Data Warehousing Concepts, , data modeling and other concepts

e Ability to perform under deadlines, good individual and team player.

¢ Possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills.

e Able to work on own initiative and as part of a team and ability to acquire product knowledge and improving the knowledge
through self-learning.

¢ Sound domain knowledge of testing banking and e-commerce modules.

Skills
e ETL Tools IBM Infosphere Datastage , SAP BODS e ABAP, IBM AIX, AIX, API, banking, C, C++, change
¢ Data Modeling Tools Star & Snow-Flake schema Modeling, management, ClearCase, Cognos, hardware, Crystal Reports
Fact and Dimensions, Physical and Logical Data Modeling, 7.0, clients, Data Integration, Data Modeling, data
Erwin,Cognos QlikView e validation, data warehouse, Data Bases, data base, database,
e Data Bases Oracle , MS SQL Server, MainfJessicae, DB2, DataStage, debugging, Dimensions, DHTML, Erwin, ETL,
Teradata XML, features, financing, Forms, functional, gateways,
e Languages/Scripting C, C++, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell scripts, government, Graphics, GUL, HP-UX, HTML, IBM, DB2, DB2
HTML, DHTML, XML 9.1, insurance, Linux, logic, Director, MainfJessicae, meetings,
¢ GUI Developer 2000 (Forms, Graphics, Reports and Report WINDOWS, Windows XP, migration, Modeling, Enterprise,
Server), Crystal Reports 7.0 navigator, Operating Systems, Oracle 9, Developer 2000,
e Other tools TOAD , SQL navigator, DB grip, Teradata SOL Oracle, DB, PL/SQL, PERL, project management, QA, read,
Assistance retail, SAP BW, SAP, SAP 5.1, Scheduling, SDLC, shell scripts,
® Operating Systems IBM AIX/ Linux , SOLARIS , HP-UX, Shell
WINDOWS * Scripts, Scripting, SOLARIS, MS SQL Server, SQL, tables,
phones, Teradata, Test Director, TOAD, Transformer, HP-
UNIX, UNIX, UNIX Shell scripts, UNIX scripting, upgrading
Work History

QA Tester, 06/2016 to 06/2018
Ger Incorporated — Covington, LA

¢ Project: Commerce Description - Verizon Wireless commerce application provides enhanced features to its customers.

e It provides ability to shop phones, plans , features, and accessories online.

¢ This Data Integration project which consolidates data from different zones into one single Enterprise Data warehouse.

¢ Responsibilities.

e Designed and developed jobs for extraction of data from different datafeeds into IBM DB2 database.

¢ Coded many shell scripts for efficient job scheduling.

¢ Worked on preparing the test cases and testing ETL jobs and data validation.

¢ Developed parallel jobs using various Development/debug stages and processing stages (Aggregator, Change Capture, Change
Apply, SAP ABAP Extract Stage, IDoc Stage, BAPI Stage, Filter, Sort & Merge, Funnel, and Remove Duplicate Stage).

¢ Worked on change management system on code migrations from Dev to QA to Prod environments.

¢ Performed debugging on these jobs using Peek stage by outputting the data to Job Log or a stage.

e Extensively worked on building ETL interfaces to read and write data from DB2 data base using DB2 Enterprise Stage and DB2
API Stage.

¢ Involved in functional and technical meetings and responsible for creating ETL Source - to - Target maps.

¢ Modifying the existing jobs and Hash files according to the changing business rules.

¢ Loading the Historical data into the Warehouse.

¢ Developed jobs for transforming the data and stages like Join, Merge, Lookup, Funnel, Transformer, Pivot and Aggregator.

e Experience with Scheduling tool Autosys for automating the ETL process.

¢ Involved in developing a Control Module for the complete process using PERL and UNIX scripting.

¢ Worked on documenting technical design documents and source to target (STT) documents.

¢ Involved in Unit Testing, Integration testing and UAT Performance Testing.

¢ Worked with Embarcadero to interact with DB2.

e Environment: IBM Information Server 8.5 (Designer, Director and Administrator), QualityStage, Test Director, ClearCase,
AutoSys, K-Shell Scripts, SAP ECC R3, SAP BW, DS Extract PACK for SAP 5.1,IBM DB2 9.1, AIX 5.3, Embarcadero for DB2.

QA Tester, 12/2014 to 06/2016
Ger Incorporated — Heathrow, FL

e Project: Project One Description - Insight provides technology solutions including hardware, software to business and
government clients in North America , Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific.

¢ This project involves Extracting the data from heterogeneous source system, transform them using business logic and load in to
data Responsibilities Involved in all phases of SDLC.

e Responsible for creating detailed design and source to target mappings.

¢ Responsible to communicate with business users and project management to get business requirements and translate to ETL
specifications.

¢ Used DataStage/QualityStage Designer to import/export jobs, table definitions, Custom Routines and Custom Transformations.

¢ Created Extract Transform and Load (ETL) interfaces and gateways for backend database.

¢ Designed Mappings between sources to operational staging targets, using Star Schema, Implemented logic for Slowly Changing
Dimensions (SCD).

e Extensive hand on experience on design and developing Parallel and server jobs.

e Extensively worked on building datastage jobs using various stages like Oracle Connector, Funnel, Transformer stage, Sequential
file stage, LookUp, Join and Peek Stages.

e Extensively used Sort, Merge, Aggregator, Peek, DataSet and Remove Duplicates stages.

¢ Involved in the migration of DataStage jobs from development to QA and then to production environment.

e Created shared containers to use in multiple jobs.

e Hands on experience upgrading datastage from v7.5 to Information Server 8.1.1.

¢ Imported and exported Repositories across DataStage projects using datastage designer.

e Extensively worked on DataStage Job Sequencer to Schedule Jobs to run jobs in Sequence.

¢ Environment: IBM Information Server 8.1.1 DataStage and QualityStage (Designer, Directory and Administrator), Oracle 10g,
Cognose v10, PL/SQL, HP-UNIX 11, Toad for Oracle.

ETL Developer, 04/2013 to 12/2014
Austin, India

¢ Bank of India provides commercial banking, retail banking various insurance schemes, consumer financing mortgage banking
and investment services.

¢ The project involved enhancing web banking, web Bill pay and web investment services.

e The modified web banking module greatly reduced the response time and show up-to-date transactions activity in a secure
environment that is available at any time.

* Roles & Responsibilities:.

¢ Gathered and analyzed the business requirements.

¢ Designed and developed ETL jobs using various Active and Passive stages in parallel jobs using Designer.

¢ Extracting data from source systems like oracle, flat files and transforming them using business logic and loading the data to the
business tables.

¢ Extensively used DataStage Designer to develop various jobs to extract, cleanse, transform, integrate and load data into data
warehouse database.

¢ Extensively used processing stages like sort, aggregator, transformer Stages in developing jobs.

¢ Created and implemented datastage routines.

¢ Improved performance of the jobs.

e Involved in Design, Source to Target Mappings between sources to operational staging targets.

e Performing unit testing on the jobs developed.

¢ Identify source systems, their connectivity, related tables and fields and ensure data suitably for mapping.

e Environment: IBM-DataStage-8.1(Parallel Jobs), Oracle 91, Windows XP/UNIX.

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E): Computer Science and Engineering
Hyderabad