ETL Developer

Job Summary:

This position will report to the ETL Manager.
The chosen candidate will be responsible for performing all aspects of the ETL process, to include:

* Development of new ETL processes to facilitate data movement within the organization.

* Development of QA processes to monitor and evaluate the results of ETL inputs and outputs.

* Maintenance and modifications of existing ETL processes.

* Documentation of ETL processes, including flow, function and dependencies.

* Documentation regarding impact to business or IT related areas as they relate to the ETL process.

* Collaborate on enterprise data governance projects to provide data architecture, master data management, data
quality and business intelligence solutions.

Responsibilities

1.

Aw kwn

o po

Assist the data team in developing solutions for data validation, accuracy and defects. This includes correction of existing
problems as well as developing new processes to proactively prevent problems as they relate to the ETL process.

Apply business rules and data processes to ETL solutions using both standard and client-specific logic.

Develop mapping, transformations and load procedures to process incoming/outgoing files.

Develop OA processes to further assist in evaluating process outcomes for data accuracy and completion.

Develop documentation, where necessary, to substantiate claims of inconsistent or inaccurate data.

Function as an integral part of the cross-functional implementation team, assisting as assigned on all implementation
projects dependent on the ETL processes.

Build data governance and data quality processes to further advance quality, accessibility and usability of all data.

Work as part of a team to ensure a consistent flow of information technology products and services.

Thoroughly document all processes encountered or built as part of these tasks, where they are not already documented.

10. Performs additional related tasks as assigned.

Qualifications

1.
2.

we

aL ha

9.

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or 5 years equivalent work experience required.
Expert level experience required in these areas of Microsoft SQL Server 2008 BI Stack:
© TSQL development, to include creation and maintenance of stored procedure, triggers, views, indexing, and other
SQL objects, minimum of 5 years.
© SQL Server integration Services {SSIS}, minimum of 3 years.
Additional areas preferred but not required:
© SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
© SQL Server Analysis Services {SSAS}.
Demonstrate familiarity with both medical and pharmacy claims data, as well as health plan eligibility data. Candidate
should have atleast 3 years’ experience deve loping within these data sets.
Have a basic understanding of data governance and master data management principles.
Implementation experience with new products and/or clients is preferred.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required to communicate effectively and professionally.
Must be self-directed and able to function both independently and as part of a team.
Demonstrate advanced critical thinking and trouble-shooting capabilities to assess, prioritize, plan, and implement tasks
and solutions effectively, including the ability to manage multiple projects at a time.
Must be able to work in a high-growth, fast-paced environment, requiring occasional overtime.

10. Additional valued skills, preferred but not required:

Development and/or administration of PostgresaL.

Development and/or administration of SharePoint.

Experience in a “big data” environment.

Knowledge of healthcare data interchange standards X12 and/or HL7 isa plus.

oo

o Go