PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE
SUMMARY

EDUCATION

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dynamic ETL Developer/Data Engineer/Data Analyst with 9 years of experience in helping companies with
diverse transitioning, including sensitive financial data and massive big data installations. Having good
Knowledge of Big Data Analytics, promotes extensive simulation and testing to provide smooth ETL execution.
Known for providing quick, effective solutions to automate and optimize data management tasks. Talented Bl
professional bringing advanced understanding successful strategies for identifying, protecting and capitalizing
on data assets. Able to construct new systems to answer complex business needs.

« Data Warehousing Concepts e Unit/System/UAT/Post Production testing - ETL
« DataStage/Informatica/Teradata - ETL e ETL Automation (Control M/AutoSys/Tivoli)
« UNIX Shell Scripting e Big Data Analysis (pyspark/pandas/numpy)
e SQL and PL/SQL (Oracle/SQL Server/DB2/ e Hadoop - HDFS, Spark, Hive, Sqoop, Python
Teradata) and Kafka (real time read)
ETL DEVELOPER - DATA ENGINEER - DATA ANALYST 08/2016 to 09/2019

UnitedHealth Group | City, STATE

GALAXY is the primary data warehouse of UHG and is also one of the most comprehensive in the entire
health care industry. It follows a dimensional schema and has the data/tables divided among different subject
areas. The primary objective of this application is to provide a single, consolidated environment for
processing claims and health service data sourced both internally and externally and make it available at a
central location accessible by any entity within UnitedHealth Group with the appropriate authority.
Responsibilities:

- Extraction of data from different data sources using different ETL tools.

« Involved in design of ETL jobs to apply transformation logic.

- Worked on complex mappings in DataStage.

- Used FastLoad and MultiLoad utilities for loading data to staging and target Teradata tables respectively.
« Developed an automated script as part of innovation to pick the suitable utility based on volume of data
dynamically.

- Worked on TPT LOAD & TPT STREAM utilities.

- Used Teradata Export utilities for reporting purpose.

« Developed TWS Jobs to schedule the process based on frequency of sources.

« Created dependencies on the source system by using hard dependency concept rather file watchers.

« Involved in purging data based on retention period and developed automated process for the data purge
and archival.

« Recent Integration with Hadoop Data Lake and using Hive as a structured data Layer on top HDFS.

« Had been successful in implementing Spark as a process back bone for Hive Queries and involved in writing
python functions to refine the unstructured and poor data to make it understand to ETL Layer.

SEQIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER - ETL DEVELOPER 07/2010 to 06/2013
UnitedHealth Group | City, STATE

UGAP is a national consolidated data warehouse for UnitedHealth Group. Contains data from multiple claim
processing systems such as UNET, COSMOS, MAMSI and GALAXY data sources categorized into flat files
and DB2 database. Data extracted is transformed by applying business logics and loaded into UGAP data
mart which is on Teradata. Final warehouse describes the complete details about an individual claim with
provider details, member details and pharmacy details.
Responsibilities:
e Worked as an onsite/offshore coordinator and lead developer.
e Involved in BRD gathering and translation of BRD into functional specification, so that developer can
understand and design the ETL components.
e Involved in data modeling from simple data marts to complex data warehouse.
e Involved in migration of legacy DW applications to Spark environment.
e Asan SME proposed best solution to complex business logics to technical translations.
e Designed Teradata Bteg, MultiLoad, FastLoad and TPT scripts according to volume of data.
e Design and development of ETL components using IBM DataStage.
e Involved in the capacity planning, data profiling and data quality check design.
e Involved in the performance tuning of ETL(IBM DataStage all versions) components and Teradata
components.
e Understand the technical differences between the Teradata/Traditional ETL technologies and Spark
technologies.
e Demonstrations to customers and convinces them to migrate to advanced open technologies like
PySpark ETL pipelines and trained them according to technical differences.

SC TWARE ENGINEER - ETL DEVELOPER 07/2007 to 06/2010
HSBC Software Development Private Limited | City, STATE, India

Worked for the Group Economic Capital project with Basel Accords (calculating the risk capital required for
the HSBC group) and Global Business Market (creating a simple data mart for the global group decision
making reports) project.
Responsibilities:
e Responsible for requirement analysis and creating low level design specifications for ETL jobs and
developing the jobs.
e Extraction of monthly financial data feeds and applying required defaulting before processing the data
with required aggregations and business rules.
¢ Validation of data after applying required business transformations.
e Validation of extracted and staging area data before loading to the data mart for RiskFrontier
application.
e Masking of production data when dealing with third party vendors by following the firm guidelines for the
privacy of customers.
e Automation of the production run with Control-M scheduler.
e All the ETL jobs are run through Shell Scripting.
e Generating the required QA jobs within ETL workflows and sending the validated values to the business
for immediate confirmation within the required SLA.
e Unit testing to post production testing responsibilities with documenting test cases and managing testing
and defect control with HP Quality Center.
e Maintenance of version control of the code in all the environments.
e Lead all the project related SCM activities.

Master of Computer Applications
Andhra university

« Best Performance Award

e Best Team Award

« Spot Award

e Appreciations for CSR activities