Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Proactive Sr. ETL Developer with 13+ years carefully handling and transforming data loads to suit customer needs. Versed in all
dominant information modeling designs and mapping technologies. Dedicated to flawless ETL integrity and impeccable data

security during all database maintenance and modification tasks.

Skills
e Informatica Powercenter (9.x,10.x) e SOL Server
¢ Hadoop - Hive, Impala, Pyspark e JIRA
e AWS Services - 53, Athena, Redshift, Glue, Spectrum etc. e Confluence
e Alteryx ¢ Bitbucket
¢ Tableau, Hyperion e Unix Shell scripting
e Oracle Exadata (SQL) e Service Now, Winscp, Putty

¢ Database modelling (Star/Snowflake)

Experience

Lead Data Engineer, 10/2020 to Current
Cox Communications Inc — Elkridge, MD
¢ Worked with business analysts to gather and define project requirements.
¢ Deployed business logic frameworks for model implementation.
¢ Coordinated system installations, testing and code corrections.
e Supervised team of developers in analysis and creation of mappings.
¢ Defined technical integration strategy and developed integration plans.
e Migrated the data from on-prem to AWS services.
e Assessed code during testing stage to determine potential glitches and bugs.
¢ Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop effective solutions.

Sr.ETL Developer/Application Development Team Lead, 04/2017 to 09/2020
Kemper - Bordelonville, LA
e Coordinated specifications and requirements for project technical needs.
e Participated in team meetings and provided input on deadlines, designs and enhancements.
¢ Developed and implemented Spark (Python) code while observing coding standards.
¢ Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workflow.
¢ Reviewed project requirements to identify customer expectations and resources needed to meet goals.
e Analyzed code and corrected errors to optimize output.
¢ Used Informatica BDM 10.x to create mappings, workflows and tasks.
¢ Worked with business analysts to gather and define project requirements.
¢ Identified, debugged and fixed system bottlenecks and problems.

ETL Lead Developer, 12/2009 to 03/2017
Toyota Motor Sales — City, STATE
¢ Participated in intra-organizational staff meetings to coalesce company-wide efforts around meeting prescribed business goals
and addressing client concerns.
¢ Worked as part of project teams to coordinate database development and determine project scopes and limitations.
e Trained non-technical users and answered technical support questions.
¢ Developed and managed enterprise-wide data analytics environments.
e Exceeded customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.

e Created and implemented complex business intelligence solutions.

Junior ETL Developer, 07/2007 to 11/2009
Cognizant Technology Solutions, CTS — City, STATE
¢ Designed customized technical solutions to meet functional specifications outlined by customers.
¢ Assisted in User Acceptance Testing for customers, verifying ETL jobs complied with all assigned parameters, achieving
milestones.
¢ Defined and documented ETL data mapping plans using Informatica Power center.

¢ Developed and managed enterprise-wide data analytics environments.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Electronics and Communication Engineering: 2007
Anna University - Chennai

GPA: 81

Certifications

* Certified in Alteryx Designer Core.
* Certified Agile/Scrum methodology.