Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

. abana
Informatica ETL Developer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Accomplished and results driven professional with years of experience and SKILLS
an outstanding record of accomplishments providing technology solutions Oracle 9x/10/x/11x,
that meet dernanding time constraints. | exceed expectations on a Informatica 7x/8/9x,
consistent basis. Expertly develop scalable solutions that drarnatically PL/SQL, Oracle
improve efficiency, productivity, and profitability. Wiehousé wullder
10x/L1x, Business
WORK EXPERIENCE Analysis, Data
Informatica ETL Developer Warehousing:
ABC Corporation- June 2005 - February 2007
DESEO TORS: LANGUAGES
. pean a Extraction, Transformation and Loading of data using English (Nativ e)
gabisescezs French (Professional)
* Involved in the design and development of all interfaces using Spanish (Professional)
Informatica Powermart tools.
« Used Debugger to test the mappings and fix bugs,
» Used Inforrnatica to Extract and Transform the data from various source INTERESTS
systems by Incorporating various business rules, Climbing
« Developed standards and re-usable mappings and mapplets using Snowboarding
various transformations like expression, aggregator, joiner, source Cooking
qualifier, router, lookup, sorter, union, and filter. Reading
= Created, updated and maintained the ETL technical documentation.
= Managed Repository Users, Groups and Privileges, ‘s
REFERENCES
ETL Developer Reference - 1 (Company
ABC Corporation- 2004 - 2005 Name)
Re sponsibilities: Reference = 2\Company

Name)

= Duration Feb 2005 - Sept 2005 Responsibilities Responsible for
performance tuning ETL process to optimize load and query
Performance Created complex transformations using connected /
unconnected lookups / procedures Perforrned analysis of the data
transformations.

» Added and modified Informatica mappings and sessions to improve
performance, accuracy, and maintainability of existing ETL functionality.

= Provided suggestions to Improve existing mappings Wrote SOL overrides
In source qualifiers with appropriate scherna nares for extracting only
the required rows for optirnal performance,

« Implemented complex expressions in expression transformations.

= Tested the queries thoroughly in SQL navigator for integrity and
identifying data errors Preparation of Unit Test Plans and verification of
functional specifications and review of deliverables Setting of Error
Logic for strearnlining and automating the.

« Used the target load order feature for loading tables with constraints
Provided production support by monitoring the processes running dally
Identified the bottlenecks and improved overall performance of the
sessions Environment Informatica Power Center 8.6, Erwin 4, Oracle
9//10g, PL'SQL, PVCS, SQLLoader, TOAD, MS SQL Server 2005/2008,
© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qvwikresume. com. Usage Guidelines