PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMEN
TS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned ETL testing professional with 5+ years of proven track record of performing quality checks on diverse
issues, authoring test cases and creating user stories. Knowledgeable about estimating hours, tracking versions,
defects and understanding business requirements. Experienced in managing complex tasks and teams. Creates a
team-driven environment that fosters room for development and growth using technical as well as analytical skills.

e Awarded with the Liberty Spotlight Award for identifying a number of quality defects for Liberty Mutual.

« Awarded with the Delivery Excellence Job Well Done Award for going extra mile to deliver tasks on time.

« Won poster designing competition 3 times in a row organized for creating awareness on various topics as
part of corporate social responsibility.

e Took responsibility to keep employees motivated and healthy by being a part of "Whatta Wednesday" and
"Cheers! Be healthy" team.

e System verification, ETL Testing, Manual Testing © MySQL. SQL Server. Oracle, Teradata SQL

e Report Testing, Database Testing, Regression Assistant
Testing « HP ALM, JIRA, Version One
« QA Management, Data Analysis e Facets, CDW, PEGA Interface
e Test Automation using Platinum and Selenium e STLC, Defect Lifecycle
e Amazon AWS, S3, SQS, Azure « Windows, MAC, MS Office
e Redshift, DB2, DBeaver « White box, Black Box and Gray Box testing.
SENIOR ETL TEST ANALY ST 02/XXX9 to 03/2020

World Bank As Client Of Cognizant | City, STATE

e Tracked and reported errors by collaborating with developers, clients and onsite counterparts.

¢ Managed resource allocation and networked to manage planning and operations in testing cycle.
e Evaluated test results and generated reports for development teams.

e Verified development and maintenance of regression test suites.

e Analyzed and interpreted test data and prepared technical reports.

e Performed report testing on SSRS reports.

¢ Created test scripts for verifying report data with Dbeaver.

SENICR ETL TEST ANALYST 1O/XXX6 to O1/XXX9
Liberty Mutual As Client Of Cognizant | City, STATE

¢ Created test cases to perform source system to landing layer, landing layer to staging layer validations.

e Performed count check, duplicate check, audit details check, Null check to ensure data quality.

e Independent test execution of ABC (Audit, Balance and Control), RDM (Reference Data Management),
MDM (Master Data Management) modules.

e Created Test cases, test scripts and performed validation for encrypted data in Tier 1 Hub, Link and Satellite
tables.

e Created Test cases, test scripts and performed validation between two different databases (MySQL and
Redshift Tables) using Platinum.

e Deployed, Scheduled and ran Talend jobs using TAC scheduler.

¢ Verified the messages in Amazon SQS queue and Verified the files generated in Amazon S3 bucket and
Winscp path for all the modules such as ABC, RDM, MDM, Tier 1 and Tier 2.

e Reviewed the work of junior resources and guided them on the test execution.

e Knowledge Transfer to the team on RDM and MDM modules.

e Effort Estimation and Test plan preparation for System Testing -

ETL TiST ANALYST O8/XXX5 to O9/XXX6
Abbvie Inc As Client Of Cognizant | City, STATE

¢ Created, edited and refined test cases as necessary.

e Created and executed Test scripts in two different databases.

e Report Defects, Follow up for Defect fix, Retest and closure of defects .

e Documentation of Test Results.

e Prepared Test cases for testing the data of the reports generated from Cognos Tool.

¢ Creating SQL scripts to verify the data in report against the database.

¢ Prepared unit test cases for reports and executed them in Quality Center.

e Performed different phases of testing such as Dry Run and Formal Execution.

e Keeping at par with the rapidly changing requirements as testing methodology followed was Agile Testing.

ETL TiST ANALY ST OS/XXX4 to O7/XXXS
CareFirst Inc. As Client Of Cognizant | City, STATE

¢ Prepared Test cases based on the requirements and uploading in HP ALM .

e Prepared test data in Facets based on all the possible scenarios and transformation rules.

e Created Test result documents, QA approval document, passing Test cases, raising and linking defects in
HP quality center.

¢ Involved in Defect root cause analysis with onsite counterparts.

¢ Created DHMO group data which was one of the most important aspect of the project and giving KT to team
members.

e Reported Defects in quality center and got them fixed with day to day onsite co-ordination.

e Creating and processing XML files based on requirements.

e Ensured proper data flow from tables to report (CSV files) and then to PDF.

¢ PDF validation: Look and feel according to business needs, ensuring correct old and new rates, logo,
address and various other details are populated in PDF .

¢ Testing various jobs such as Letters, Vendors. Billing, Termination and Reinstatement.

¢ Testing various letters such as ON and OFF exchange open enrollment, IPP not paid, pediatric medical/
dental age out notification.

Bachelor's of Engineering | Electronics And Communications Engineering O5/XXX3
MIET, Nagpur University

e Graduated top of the Class in Final Year.

e Elected as Editor of Departmental Magazine in XXX2. XXX3.
¢ Member of Student's Club "PEACE".

« Member of National Service Scheme (NSS).

Mastcr of Arts | English Literature 1 2/XXX8
IGNOU