JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Customer-oriented Store Manager offering over 20 years of experience in retail operations, sales and service team leadership and profitability
strategies. Organized and skilled at prioritizing daily tasks and following through to achieve performance and productivity goals. Recruits,
trains, develops and manages team of store associates and assistant managers.

SKILLS
« Employee supervision and motivation e Team-oriented
e Process improvements * Outstanding communication skills
e Store operations oversight ¢ Staff training and development
e Store opening and closing procedures ¢ Data evaluation
¢ Retail inventory management e Team building
« Employee training ¢ Multitasking
e Customer service e Friendly, positive attitude

¢ Leadership reports
EXPERIENCE

03/2021 to 06/2022 ETL Speciality Sales
Carrier Enterprise — Mandeville, LA

e Connected with customers to provide assistance and collect feedback to optimize operations.

¢ Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.

e Staged merchandise and stocked sales floor to stimulate impulse sales.

¢ Improved profitability by executing daily, weekly and monthly floor plan changes.

e Mentored employees in management of complicated sales, complex issues and difficult customers.

© Organized and updated schedules to optimize coverage for expected customer demands.

e Coached, managed and developed teams to provide exceptional service and achieve sales goals.

e Maintained store staff by recruiting, orienting and training employees.

© Met or exceeded fiscal sales goals, maximizing operating budgets.

¢ Oversaw retail operations to ensure all stations were operating efficiently and maintaining customer service
standards.

e Managed special store projects to improve store-wide processes and operations.

¢ Responsible for Women's Dept,Men's Dept,Children's Dept. Accessories and Shoes Dept,Beauty Dept,Ulta
Store,Electronics Dept, Seasonal Dept and Home Dept

04/2013 to 02/2021 Store Manager and Assistant Manager
Coach — City, STATE

e Hired, trained and managed team of associates, including evaluating performance and enforcing disciplinary
actions.

¢ Delegated work to employees based on shift requirements, individual strengths and unique training.

e Reorganized sales floor, changing product layout to optimize customer flow and improve product visibility.

e Oversaw inventory management with cycle counts, audits and shrinkage control.

© Met budget targets by controlling expenses and eliminating wasteful behaviors.

e Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.

© Updated store pricing, signage and merchandising based on current promotions.

e Exceeded specific team goals and resolved issues by partnering with staff to share and implement customer service
initiatives.

Conducted MTD and YTD performance reviews to organize training and development for staff.

e Assumed positions of associate and assistant manager before promotion to store manager.

05/2007 to 04/2013 Store Manager
Victoria's Secret — City, STATE

e Reorganized sales floor, changing product layout to optimize customer flow and improve product visibility.

e Interviewed, hired, supervised and trained employees and instituted mentoring program to develop skills,
leadership and employee excellence.

e Provided excellent customer service and adhered to all standard practices, maximizing sales and minimizing
shrinkage.

¢ Completed series of training sessions to advance from Assistant Manager to Store Manager.

e Strengthened work flow productivity by hiring, managing and developing top talent.

© Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.

¢ Worked closely with District Manager to formulate and build store brand and strategy.

e Trained staff from numerous locations to deliver outstanding customer service and assistance.

e Assumed positions of associate and assistant manager before promotion to store manager.

e Hired, trained and managed team of associates, including evaluating performance and enforcing disciplinary
actions.

© Delegated work to employees based on shift requirements, individual strengths and unique training.

e Implemented succession planning by training and developing associates into leadership positions.

e Exceeded specific team goals and resolved issues by partnering with staff to share and implement customer service
initiatives.

03/2005 to 09/2007 Womens Dept Manager
Debenhams Department Store — City, STATE
I was responsible for womens dept , personal Shoppers Dept, Concession stores and Bridal dept.
Partnered with Visual Team to maintain High visual standards.
Increase overall departments results.
Manage scheduling of over 50 staff and management team of 5.
Mentor and Develop talent -
Oversee Day to Day running of floor.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Associate of Arts: Interior Design
Coalaiste Dhulaigh - Ireland