ROBERT SMITH

Senior ETL Developer Il

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Senior ETL Developer Il with extensive experience of 13 years in the Finance domain
and experience in transactional databases and data warehouse design, analysis and
Implementation using various Relational Databases like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2.
Extensively used SOL and PL/SOL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages
and Triggers. Worked on Data warehouse projects in Financials, HealthCare,
Insurance, and have acquired comprehensive ETL experience and skills,

Senior ETL Developer II
LPL Financials - MARCH 2010 - PRESENT

Working closely with data acquisition and data distribution team to
maintain consistent data availability for financial reporting,

Lead ETL developer for retirement partners and MDM project.
Currently responsible for loading data from various sources to
LPL&rsquo;s advisor facing servers.

Responsible tor implementing the new Exa-Data platform for LPL,
Managed SSRS5 report server for Ip! reporting team.

Responsible for deployment and maintenance of Rdl files on
LPL&rsquo;s report server.

Creating and managing Informatica mappings for retirement partners
project (owner of the project), creating the delivery method and
workflow dependencies, Involving In deployment and release
activities,

Responsible for LPLs MDM Implementation using Informatica MDM
working with offshore ETL team to develop and deliver a company-
wide solution.

Developed number of complex Informatica mappings, mapplets and
reusable transformations for recreating the logic in epm solution,

ETL De
ABC Corp - 2005 - 2010

Developed mappings using various transformations like update
strategy, lookup, stored procedure, router, filter, sequence generator,
joiner, aggregator, expression, SQL transformation,

Worked as ETL lead on various projects to create Informatica
mappings, workflow, and sessions.

Performed data management tasks as required, loading, editing,
restoring and archiving data.

Managed complex mapping development using informatica power
center tools, Created mappings Using transformations like the
expression, joiner, router, sequence generator.

Managed the reporting server and created ad-hoc reports from OLTP

® This Free Resume Temptate is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines