ROBERT SMITH

Sr. ETL Developer
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Over 8 years of experience in the IT industry with a strong background in software
development and 7+ years of experience in Development, Architecture and
Testing Business Intelligence solutions in data warehouse and decision support
systems using ETL tool Informatica Powercenter [] and Power Exchange (PWX) and
also some knowledge on DT Studio. Knowledge of IDQ and IDE. Good experience
in shell scripts for Informatica pre & post session operations.

SEPTEMBER 2007 - OCTOBER 2008

ETL DEVELOPER - ABC CORPORATION
Responsibilities Interacted with business representatives for requirement
analysis and to define business and functional specifications
Ddivered responsibilities as Analyst and Programmer including Interaction with
Business Users to Gathering requirements, Created Technical Specifications,
Design, Devedopment and Maintenance.
Analyzed source data, extracted, transformed, and loaded data In to target data
warehouse based on the requirement specification Using Informatica
Powercenter.
Developed data Mappings between source and target systems using Mapping
Designer.
Involved in complete SDLC including analysis design, development,
implementation, OA and maintenance of various software applications
Worked with various heterogeneous sources such as Oracle10g, Teradata and
Flat Files to load the data into the target Oracle data warehouse,
Developed complex Informatica mappings using Filter, Sorter, Aggregator, Look
Up, stored procedure, Joiner, Router transformations for populating target table

5 - 2007

ETL DEVELOPER - ABC CORPORATION

03/2011 to 06/2012 Summary SEW Infrastructure Ltd,, has diversified into
construction like lined irrigation canal, dams etc.

has implemented Oracle & business solutions.

They were maintaining their financial data in Tally over the years,

The project involved extracting the data from embedded database and loading
it into Oracle © Business suite.

Roles & Responsibilities Complex Business Rules are implemented to Identify
error records Developing ETL transformations Writing Procedures, Functions
and Queries as per requirement.

Customer Interaction for requirement analysis for designing reports using SSRS
Application development required by Customer for interfacing with scripts in

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines