ROBERT SMITH
Oracle PL/ETL Developer

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Over 7 years of experience in IT industry with expertise in MSSQL, Oracle, Informatica
and ETL tools. 6+ years of experience in the Development and Implementation of Data
warehousing with Informatica, OLTP and OLAP involving Data Extraction, Data
Transformation, Data Loading and Data Analysis. Experience in all phases of the Data
warehouse life cycle involving Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of Data
warehouses using ETL Logic,

CORE COMPETENCIES
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Oracle PL/ ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - January 2009 - April 2010

Key Deliverables:
* Interpreted and comprehend business/data requirements from upstream
processes.

* Documented technical requirement specifications and detailed designs for ETL
processes of moderate and high complexity.

® Created and documented source-to-target mappings and ETL specifieations
Performed Root cause analysis and resolved complex issues.

« Involved all phases of the project life cycle such as analysis, design, coding,
testing, production and post-production.

* Created detailed documentation including ETL source-to-target mapping. high
level ETL architecture, ETL design. test casés, test scripts, and code migration.

* Extensively working on Repository Manager, Informatica Designer, Workflow
Manager and Workflow Mortitor.

* Created complex mappings, complex mapplets and reusable transformations tn
Informatica Power Center Designer.

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2009

Key Deliverables:

* Involved with project analysis to understand the business requirement
specification and implemented the ETL jobs using DataStage Server and Parallel
Extender,

* Extract Transform and Load legacy systents to core and datamarts,

» Read XME files as source then load to a table as data change event key,

* Monitored performance and statistics using DS Director.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines