Junior ETL Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
Over 6+ years of experience in Analysis, Developrnent, and Implementation of business

applications including Development and Design of ETL methodologies using Informatica Power
Exchange, Informatica Power Center, Pharmaceutical, Financial, and Telecorn sectors,

Skills

Datastage, Informatica, Oracle, Data Warehousing, etl.

Work Experience

Junior ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - Septernber 2007 - April 2008

.

Responsibilities Extracted data transformed and loaded Into Cracle database according to the
specifications.

Used various transformations like lookup transforming the Sales Force Data according to the
business logic update strategy, router, filter, sequence generator, source qualifier/joiner on
data and extracted as per the technical specifications.

Created Mapplets using Mapplet Designer to reuse Mapplets In the mappings,

Experience in performing the analysis, design, and programming of ETL processes for
Teradata,

ED! Standard Evolution and Migration Solution Speciation-Driven Trarisformation Used by
Informatica to provide up-to-the-minute pre-built transformations in support of industry
standards.

Created debugging sessions before the session to validate the transforrnations and also used
existing mappings In debug mode extensively for error identification by creating break points
and monitoring the debug monitor,

Improved the performance of the mappings by moving the filter transformations early into the
transformation pipeline, performing the filtering at Source Qualifier for relational databases
and selecting the table with fewer rows as master table in joiner transformations.

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2007

Organization Satyarn Computer Services Lirnited, India Location Offshore Bhubaneswar Onsite
NA Duration Offshore Septernber 09-March 10 Onsite NA Tearn Size Project 4 Module 1
Environment (with skill versions) Languages Database Oracle 10q Tools Erwin 6.1, Informatica
8.1 O/s Windows XP, Sun Solaris Unix Responsibilities Integration with SAP source system.
Data Integration Tools Selection fromm source to target.

To understand the legacy source systerns |JDE and Compass and restructuring of GRID As a
developer in GRID responsible for pulling data frorn SAP into GRID BW (Oracle).

To analyze the systern and giving better picture to handle the data.

Generating ABAP codes to extract data frorn SAP

ETL Code reviews and migration to Production Systern.

Project Profile 6 Project Narne SEDW,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines