ROBERT SMITH
ETL Informatica Developer II

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Over 15 years of experience as the ETL/ Informatica developer. Good experience in the
Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of business application
systems tor Health care, Insurance and Financial purpose, Experience in Business
Intelligence solutions using Data Warehousing/Data mart design, ETL and reporting
tools.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Informatica Powercenter. SQL. PL/SQL, Dimensional Modeling, Data Mapping, ETL.
Data Migration, Data Warehousing, Informatica Powerexchange, Data Profiling

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ETL Informatica Developer I
Morgan Stanley - January 2005 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Analyzing the source data, coordinating with data warehouse tear in developing
relational model and participated in the design team and user requirement
gathering.

* Working as a developer in creating complex stored procedures, triggers, functions,
indexes tables, views and other T-SQL code and SQL joins for applications.
Developed various T-SQL.

* Storing procedures; functions and packages: built Vata. Trinstormation Services
(OTS) packages for ETL using LTS wizard, involved in designing er models
{logieal/ physical) for Oracle database to store data retrieved from other sources
including legacy systems.

* Extensively using Informatica Power Center to extract data trom various sources
and lead inte staging dotabase,

* Solving T-SQL performance issties using query analyzer, Parsed the data from
XMLs XSW file using XML. transformation. Participating in the detailed level and
high-level design documentation of the ETL system and mapping of business
rules.

* Interacting with the business representatives for need analysis and to define
business and functional specifications. Retrieving the data fromm MQ series
sources.

* Working on golden copy of master data management tool of Informatica
(Informatica MLM)

Junior ETL Software Developer
ABC Corp - 2003 - 2005

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutie.com, Usage Guidelines