Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Informatica Etl Develope r LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Over 7+ years of experience In IT industry including 6 years of expertise in Analysis, Design,
Development, Implementation, Modeling, Testing, and Support for Data Warehouse applications,
Informatica Master Data Managernent, Data Quality and Data integration. Strong DWH & ETL
experience In Informatica Power Center developrnent, design, process and best practices
experience as ETL Analyst and Developer in US.

SKILLS

MS Office, Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Informatica Et! Developer
ABC Corporation - March 2013 - August 2015

* Performed major role in understanding the business requirements and designing and loading
the data into data warehouse (ETL),

* Used ETL (Informatica) to load data frorn source to Data Warehouse,

» Used Informatica client tools - Source Analyzer, Warehouse designer, Mapping Designer,
Mapplets Designer, and Transformation Developer for defining Source &amp; Target
definitions and coded the process of data flow from source systern to data warehouse,

* Developed mappings in Inforrnatica to load the data from various sources Into the Data
Warehouse, using different transformations like Joiner, Aggregator, Update Strategy, Rank,
Router, Lookup, Sequence Generator, Filter, Sorter and Source Qualifier.

+ Used Informatica repository manager to backup and migrate metadata in development, test
and production environments,

* Worked with mapping wizards for slowly changing dimensions and slowly growing dimensions
by using Informatica mapping designer,

» Used Informatica Workflow Manager and Workflow Monitor to schedule and monitor session
status.

Informatica Etl Developer
Delta Corporation - 2009- 2013

Interacted with the Functional Analysts to understand the process flow and the business,

Analyzing Source to Target mapping Excel document.

Coordinating the tearn and assigning dependencies tasks to team,

Created Reusable Transformations and Mapplets, used ther in Mappings to develop the

business logic for transforming source data into target,

* Implemented Type ll Slowly Changing Dimension methodology for accessing the full history of
customers.

* Created cornplex mappings using Unconnected Lookup, Sorter, Aggregator, dynamic Lookup,
Filter, Update Strategy, and Router transformations,

* Worked with Mernory cache for static and dynarnic cache for the better throughput of sessions

containing Rank, Lookup, Joiner, Sorter and Aggregator transformations.

“* ©

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Technology In Technology - (JNTU)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings