Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

. Website : www, qwikresume, com

ETL Informatica Developer LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

A detail-oriented ETL Informatica Developer with over 6 years of experience in Analysis,
Development, Testing, Implementation, and Maintenance of Data Warehousing/Integration
projects and knowledge on administrator part as well, Extensive experience in gathering and
analyzing requirements, Gap Analysis, Scope Definition, Business Process Improvements, Project
Tracking, Risk Analysis, and Change ControlManagement. Good experience in AIX & NIX working
environment.

SKILLS

Informatica Power Center 9.x/8.x, Informatica Power Exchange 9.x/8.x, |IDQ 9.6/9.1 BI Tools OBIEE
(10G, 116), Tableau. Scheduling Tools Control-M, Autosys Languages C, Java, C++, Python, R.
RDBMS Oracle/ Exadata/11g/10g, DB2V9, Teradatal4/13, PL/SQL, SQL Server 2008 Tools/Utilities
Toad, Perl, UNIX Shell, Business Objects XI Rl Operating Systems Windows, UNIX, Linux Web
Technologies HTML, CSS, XML, JAVA SCRIPT

WORK EXPERIENCE

ETL Informatica Developer

Houston Independent School District - july 2015 - Present
Involving in direct conversations with the business users and gather the requirements to how
to handle the source data and design accordingly the ETL process.
Using Informatica power center 9.6.1 to extract the data from insurance application AS400 to
transform and load the data into the enterprise data warehouse &amp; data mart.
Developing the logical data rnodels and physical data rnodels with experience in forward and

reverse engineering using Erwin,

Involving in Information administration including creating new users and groups, backing up
the repository and domain a5 well as handling various upgrades.

Used Informatica B2B data exchange to handle EDI (electronic data exchange) for handling

the payments for the scheduled dates.
Using major components like parsers, Mappers and streamers in data transformation studio

for conversion of XML files to other formats.
Implementing various data modeling schemas such as star schema and snowflake scherna.

ETL Developer
ABC Corp - 2012 - 2015
* Created reference/passthrough ports in xr transformations to correlate the parsed data,

Extracted data from Salesforce.com(sfdec), Oracle, Excel , Data files using Informatica ETL
Mappings/SQL PLSOL scripts.
Created and scheduled sessions, jobs based on dernand, run on time and run only once using
workflow manager.
Implemented slowly changing dimension methodology for accessing the full history,
Created several Informatica mappings to populate the data into dimensions and fact tables.
Performed Incremental aggregation to load incremental data into aggregate tables,
Developed unix shell scripts for event waits, wait for files and pre-session tasks,

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines