ETL Developer/SQL Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Over 10 years of experience in Information Technology with a strong background in Database
development and Data warehousing and nearly § ycars of experience in ETL process using
Informatica Power Center, Good knowledge of Data warchouse concepts and principles.

Skills
SQL.

Work Experience
ETL Developer/SQL Developer

ABC Corporation - June 2005 - January 2007

Responsibilities Involved in full life cycle development including Design, ETL stralegy,
troubleshooting Reporting, and Identifying facts and dimensions,

Prepared the required application design documents based on functionality required Designed
the ETL processes to load data from Oracle, Flat Files (Fixed Width), and Excel files to siaging
database and from staging to the target Oracle Data Ware house database.

Involved in cleansing and extraction of data and defined quality process for the warchouse.
Documented ETL test plans, test cases, test scripts, Lest procedures, assumptions, and
validations based on design specifications for unit testing, system testing, expected results,
preparing test data and loading for testing, error handling and analysis.

Strong Experience on writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures in Oracle Databases,
Developed shell seripts, SQL procedures, for creating/dropping of table and indexes of
performance for pre and post session management.

Created documentation on mapping designs and ETL processes.

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2002 - 2005

SummarySEW Infrastructure Lid,, has diversified Into construction like lined irrigation canal,
dams ete.

has imple mented Oracle e-business solutions.

They were maintaining their financial data in Tally over the years.

The project invalyved extracting the data from embedded database and loading it into Oracle e-
Business suite.

Roles & Responsibilities Complex Business Rules are implemented bo identify error records
Developing ETL transformations Writing Procedures, Functions, and Queries as per
requirement.

Customer interaction for requirement analysis for designing reports using SSRS Application
development required by Customer for interfacing with scripts in C# et.

Handling issues raised by clients in Production Support environment Preparing test scripts
and reviewing the test results and Tuning of the mappings to enhance the performance =
Corporate Computer Solutions Environment SQL Server 2005, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS Windows XP.

Education

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines