JOHN MARKOVIC Experienced Informatica Developer | ETL | Data Management

+1-541-754-3010 help@enhancv.com linkedin.com

San Francisco, CA

ACHIEVEMENTS SUMMARY

59; FATCA Application With over 10 years of experience in Informatica development, | bring a deep understanding
Enhancement of ETL processes, data management, and application enhancement. | have a proven track

eue record of improving application performance, managing complex data operations, and
Played a key role in the leading teams to success. My biggest career achievement is the development and
development and enhancement of enhancement of the FATCA application, which resulted in a 30% performance increase.
the FATCA application, improving
its performance by 30%.
SKILLS

Team Leadership

Successfully led a team of
developers, coordinating

effectively to deliver projects on PL/T-SQL - MS SQL Server - Sybase - Informatica Master Data Management
time and within budget.

Informatica - Power Center - IICS . ETL Development - Data Management - UNIX - Teradata

Informatica Data Services - Informatica Data Archival

Problem Resolution

Successfully troubleshooted and

resolved over 100+ complex data

issues, enhancing the overall EXPERIENCE
efficiency of the data management

process. Senior Informatica Developer 2018 - Present
Tech Solutions Inc. San Francisco, CA

Led a team of developers in managing and enhancing FATCA application.

* Designed and developed advanced ETL processes using Informatica Power Center,
improving data processing speed by 25%.

“ Problem Solving * Managed the installation and upgrade of Informatica services on multiple servers,
ensuring seamless data operations.

* Configured Kerberos for user authentication, enhancing system security.

* Created and maintained comprehensive application and system documentation,
improving team productivity by 15%.

STRENGTHS

Successfully troubleshooted and
resolved over 100+ complex data
issues, enhancing the overall
efficiency of the data management

process.

Informatica Developer 2015 - 2018
Team Collaboration Data Wizards LLC San Francisco, CA
Worked In cross-functional teams Played a key role in the development and enhancement of various data applications.

of 10+ members, coordinating
effectively to deliver projects on
time and within budget.

* Developed and implemented 50+ Informatica mappings and workflows, resulting in a
20% increase in data processing efficiency.

* Provided technical support for business applications, resolving issues in record time and
increasing user satisfaction by 30%.

* Configured security domain and scheduled synchronization of users/groups with LDAP
service, enhancing system security.

Technical Proficiency

Leveraged my strong knowledge

of Informatica, Teradata, and UNIX
to develop and enhance multiple Junior Informatica Developer 2012 - 2015
applications, improving thelr DataFlow Corp Ce ee ee at
performance by 30%. :

Assisted in the development and management of Informatica services.

¢ Assisted in setting up databases and user accounts for domain configuration repository,
ensuring smooth data operations.

MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY ¢ Participated in the design and solution architecture for FATCA application, contributing

—————— to a 10% increase in application performance.

Data is the new science. Big Data ¢ Verified databases to meet repository setup requirements, ensuring data integrity.

holds the answers. - Pat Gelsinger

EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science 2008 - 2012
University of California, Berkeley Berkeley, CA

Powered by ‘OS, Ennancy www.enhancv.com