Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

ETL Developer ll LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Overall 6+ years of IT Experience in the areas of Data warehousing, Business intelligence, and
SharePoint, covering different phases of the project lifecycle frorn design through Implernentation
and end-user support, that includes; Extensive experience with Informatica Powercenter 9.5 (ETL
Tool) for Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading. Reporting experience with tools like OBIEE
11g, Tableau. Analyzed Source Systerns, Business Requirements, Identify and Docurnent Business
Rules for Decision Support Systerns.

SKILLS

Tableau,
WORK EXPERIENCE

ETL Developer Il
ABC Corporation - July 2011 - April 2012

* Tools Inforrnatica Power Center 8:6.x, Sql developer Responsibilities Developed ETL programs
using Informatica to implernent the business requirements,

» Communicated with business customers to discuss the issues and requirements,

* Production Support has been done to resolve the ongoing issues and troubleshoot the
problems,

* Performance tuning was done at the functional level and map level.

» Used relational SOL wherever possible to minimize the data transfer over the network.

+ Used various transformations like Filter, Expression, Sequence Generator, Update Strategy,
Joiner, Router and Aggregator to create robust mappings inthe Informatica Power Center
Designer,

* Involved In enhancements and maintenance activities of the data warehouse including tuning,
modifying of stored procedures for code enhancements,

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2008- 2011

» Worked on Ascential Datastage (Manager, Designer and director) for developing various jabs,
» Used the ETL Data stage Designer to develop processes for extracting, cleansing, transforms,
integrating and loading data into data warehouse database,

Worked on different stages for creating the jobs based upon business application.

Developed shell scripts and updated the lod for the backups.

Involved in Unit Testing with the jobs and date loaded in the Target database.

Environment Oracle 7i/8|, Oracle Enterprise manager, Windows NT 4.0.

DataStage 5.1,

*_**# @ ©

EDUCATION

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings