FINANCE MANAGER

Summary

Skills

Career

Academic

References

Dayjob Ltd, 120 Vyse Street, Birmingham B18 6NF

MARTIN BOND T: 00.44 121 638 026

W: www.dayjob.com

A highly motivated and results driven finance manager who has over three years of invaluable
experience in leading and developing a successful finance team. Skilled in numerous financial and
accounting fields, including: preparing annual budgets, monitoring key accounts and credit
control. Having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively & possessing the confidence
to work as part of a team or independently. Martin is presently looking for a suitable opportunity
position with a forward thinking company where he can excel, deliver & achieve his potential.

Financial Management Personal

Cash Flow control Predicting future trends Attention to detail
Management accounts Supervisory skills Communication skills
Budget preparation Financial regulations Good IT knowledge
Financial forecasting Decision making Presentation skills
Economic awareness Managing budgets Problem solving
Interpreting financial data Effective delegation Analytical mind
Auditing Conflict resolution High levels of integrity
Strategic thinking Effective delegation Negotiating

FINANCE MANAGER May 2007 - Present

Accounting Company

Working a busy and high volume environment driving consistency and best practice across all the
businesses. Responsible for improving the companies cash flow and reducing its arrears by
keeping accurate records and ensuring payments are received on time.

e Incharge of managing and supporting the ledger team.
e Providing accurate financial information to colleagues and senior managers

e Identifying areas for cost cutting and improvement.

e Ensuring that all financial controls for the division are met and adhered to at all times.

e Giving advice, guidance and support on all financial matter to the company directors.
ASSISTANT FINANCE MANAGER Feb 2006 — May 2007

Recruitment Company

Nuneaton University 2003 — 2006
Accounting and Finance BA (Hons)

Nuneaton College 2001 — 2003
A levels: Math (A) English (C) Physics (B) Geography (D)

Available on request.