Finance/Technical Sample Resume
123 Main Street, Baltimore MD 21201
(410) 555-5555 | jhustudent@jhu.edu

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Minor in Entrepreneurship & Management May 2013
Overall GPA: 3.63 SAT M: 720 V: 750 W: 700

Analysis, Financial Markets & Institutions, Corporate Finance, Applied Economics & Finance, Real Estate, Finance
Economics, Quantitative Research Practicum, Financial Statement Analysis, Futures Market Research

EXPERIENCE
‘Angel Investment Intern Jan. 2014 = Present
Golden Seeds, New York, NY
¢ Facilitate the transition to Golden Seeds’ new software system for managing investment activities by
ensuring quality data transfer, troubleshooting user experience issues, and maintaining an up-to-date user
manual that guides investors and entrepreneurs through the functions of the new system.

Data Analytics Intern June = Aug. 2012
¢ Implemented and programmed a PHP/MySQL-based web application that processed, analyzed, and
visualized the nutritional content of recently purchased foods by the health-conscious consumer.
¢ — Identified trends in grocery shopper consumption data to fuel customer segmentation and drive supermarket

brand strategy.
Course Research Intern June = Aug. 2012
ago 2 ae boise v Cpa EpeT OE Baltimore, MD
Collaborated with a team of faculty, graduate and undergraduate students to design the key aspects of a
new introductory statistics course, including case studies, data sets, and R leaning modules,
¢ Developed two psychology-centered modules, complete with real-world and Hopkins-centric data sets that
guided students through exploratory data analysis in R.
LEADERSHIP & COMMUNITY SERVICE
Johns Hopkins Organization for Finance & Investment Team
Co-Chair, Baltimore MD Feb. 2005 - May 2012
¢ Co-managed an endowment of $140k with profits providing scholarship funds
* Apply valuation techniques in the research and investment decision making process including discounted
sash flows and key ratio comparisons within sectors.

Pen Lucy Youth Partnership

Mentor & Tutor, Baltimore, MD Oct. 2010 = May 2011
¢ Tutored young, underprivileged students in Mathematics and English
¢ Organized activities and games to promote and emphasize teamwork