John Torry Troy, NC 45990 © 555-222-3457
johnt@hotmail.com

Financial Manager

Dedicated Financial Manager with over 20 years of quantifiable achievement. Direct financial management and
company development, achieving desired levels of growth. Combine expert visionary, strategic, and tactical
financial expertise with strong qualifications in all areas of accounting that produce bottom-line results and
financial strength. instrumental in achieving significant cost reductions and revenue/profit improvements
through re-engineering, team building, and leadership expertise.

Highlights of Expertise
© Strategic Business Planning © Budget Administration
* Cost Reduction and Avoidance © P&LAccountability
© Cash Flow Optimization © Business Development
© Recruiting and Staffing Initiatives © 1$O0Certification/ Standards
© Contract Development/Negotiations © Process Redesign/Change Management
Career Experience

Share Point, Maintown, NC

Financial Manger (2016 to Present)
Manage monthly reporting, budgeting, strategic planning financials, forecast, and cash flow. Make
recommendations concerning business policy, resource allocation, and strategic planning activities to
improve company bottom-line financial performance.
¢ Provide vision and direction on occupancy goals and incentives which increased revenue by $3M and
resulted in stabilization of community.
« Manage audits, cash and credit management, negotiation of lease agreements, and annual financial
reporting.
+ Leadand provided leadership on Customer Service Committee which provided increased
communication and collaboration among Staff and Residents.
¢ Exercise initiative and persistence in ongoing implementation of Real Page Software which led to
elimination of duplicate functions and tightenefficiency measures.

+ Work closely with owners to develop viable financial and operational strategic plan while supporting
realestate, leasing, and corporate legal counsel.

Accounting Company, Maintown, NC

Business Development Manager (2015 to 2018)
Developed and managed financial services working with diversified non-profit and for-profit clients.
Provided indispensable services partnering with senior management on strategic planning, including
development and guidance to financial function,
¢ Instrumental key player in company sales growth from $750K to over $1M and acquisition of
customer accounts doubled in size.

continued