Financial Services Professional Phane: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Great depth in multiple career fields. Highly organized with an acute attention to detail.
Outstanding in atearm environment.

Technical Skills, Problern Solving Skills,

Work Experience

Financial Services Professional
New York Life - April 2013 - 2020

Identified financial goals and concerns,

Illustrated what needs to be done to reach goals and concerns.

Identified gaps, if present, and offer solutions with products and services provided by the
company and/or others.

Achieved Rising Leader status. Skills Used Presentation, Networking, Sales, Ciernt Services,
Markéting, Consulting, Leadership.

Led Agency in the Lives counts for Sophomore,

Obtained life, health, long-term care, and securities licenses.

Followed up on emails and client concerns in a timely mariner.

Financial Services Professional
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2013

.

Develop a base of long-term sources of clients through use of personal observation and
referrals through occupational and cornmunity-based groups to compile lists of prospects.
Contact prospects through networking, mailings and phone solicitations, public speaking anc
community events.

Determine clients particular needs and financial situations through fact-finding appointments;
determining extent of present coverage and investments and ascertaining long-term goals.
Create and. deliver a coordinated protection plan by calculating and quoting rates for
immediate coverage action and long-term strategy implementation,

Application cornpletion and follow-up until completion through declination or successful
delivery.

Pauplekit personal and agency reputation through value added approach to customer service..
This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

Education

B.A. In Communication - (St. Edward's University - Austin, TX)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines