Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@aqwikresurme.com

. . Website : www, qwikresume, com
Associate Finance Analyst LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Associate Finance Analyst with over 8 years experience in financial analysis and reporting to
facilitate executive level decision making. Extensive understanding of financial operations,
analytics, and process excellence. Hands-on experience working with technology/tools such as
Hyperion (data flow, business flow using Essbase). Team player with the ability to work
independently and handle high-pressure environment to meet deadlines consistently,

SKILLS

Pricing, Budgeting, Training, Systerns Integration, Excellent Excel, Sales Force Admin, word,
PowerPoint, Navision

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Finance Analyst
Department OF Nursing And Neurosurgery And Laboratory Medicine And Pathology - 2008 - 2013

* Managed the yearly budget cycle for a business unit with an annual budget of $400 million.
* Developed and implernented reports to help managers effectively analyze their business
units,
Worked with the sales department to develop client profitability report.
Presented financials to Supervisor, Managers, and Finance committee on a monthly basis.
Managed and monitored the financial portion of the Intellectual property for a business unit
with over 50 contracts.
Developed a funding model for a new clinical test that resulted in a new business unit
* Served as a financial analyst ona multiple year and multiple sites it software project with a
budget of over $100 million,

FINANCE ANALYST Il
ga Of Nursing And Neurosurgery And Laboratory Medicine And Pathology - 2005 - 2008

Worked with administrators and division chairs to manage financial profitability for the

genetics division.
Developed and implemented reports to help managers effectively analyze their business

lines.

« Worked with bid managers to develop a process to review client profitability,

* Worked with the department of laboratory medicine and pathology to produce monthly
combined financials and OCG charts.

* Assisted In the Implementation of finance systems as a subject matter expert.
Assisted in the month end close by reviewing all entries, determining what accruals needed
and reviewing balance sheet accounts for sian were off.
Worked with lab managers and the marketing department to determine the market price tor
new tests.

EDUCATION

MASTERS - July 2009(UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX )MBA - May 2001(GRACELAND UNIVERSITY )
ASSOCIATE in Accounting - May 1999(4IB COLLEGE OF BUSINESS )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines