Tina Johnson Creek, Wi 44232 © 123-333-2222
tohnson@aol.com

Finance Manager
15+ yeors’ suecess in forecasting and analyzing risk assessments for high-growth organizations

Senior finance and accounting professional combining cross-functional competencies in managing financial
forecasting, budget creation, cost reduction, financial reporting, GAAP, and audit preparation. Acknowledged for
sound decision-making talents borne of intense data analysis, business acuity, and big-picture vision, Strategic,
methodical and reliable enjoy the challenge of resolving long-term issues eluding prior incumbents and
influencing revenue positive outcomes. Tireless pursult of delivering consensus amongst stakeholders.

Highlights of Expertise
¢ Financial & Data Analysis * GAAP
© Project Management © Risk Mitigation
© AdHoc Management e Expense Reduction
© Budgets & Financial Forecasts © Process improvement
¢ Business Process Transformation ¢ Relationship Development
Career Experience

Smith Company, Maintown, WI

SENIOR OPTIMIZATION EXECUTIVE, HIGHER EDUCATION (2017 to Present)

Lead business process reimagine and redesign projects, establishing and maintaining pivotal client
relationships while providing project management and coordination. Analyze financial and accounting
business practices and processes.

¢ Designanddevise recommendations for organizationinterfacing with executives to end users.

Denton University, Maintown, Wi

DIRECTOR of FINANCE and SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST (2011 to 2016)

Managed financial divisions, including ad hoc projects, forecast creation, monthly, quarterly, and annual
reports, Completed high-concept variance analysis and risk assessments.

« Developed operating budget and allocation to maintain high expense to revenue ratio and ensure
limited loss liability.

* Created culture of cross-operational communication through communication with multiple divisions.

Logon Company, Maintown, NE

FINANCIAL REPORTING MANAGER (2006 to 2011)

Promoted consecutively from financial analyst, to senior financial analyst, and to financial reporting
manager. Led ad hoc projects, report creation, financial statement analysis, warehouse expenditure
forecasting, annual audit report, and GAAP research.

continued