Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Financial Services Representative BAS er sores ra

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Highly qualified and experience in many fields such as a Lead/Trainer, financial institution,
customer service, contact center, retall, restaurant, custorner service, and warehouse, seeking an
opportunity to work for a company that will allow a long term career relationship.

SKILLS

Trainer, Cash Handling, People Oriented, Outstanding Customer Service.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Financial Services Representative
Fedex Employee Credit Association - February 2015 - 2020

.

Provides quality customer service and Support to custorners on a daily basis, including phone
interaction, problern resolution, and account transaction processing in a timely manner.
Executes all correspondent requisites In a timely and accurate manner with an understanding
of the underlying business and specific custorner needs.

Provides product knowledge and technical assistance as nécessary.

Investigates and corrects errors in custorner accounts and staternents.

Maintains correspondent accounts In accordance with applicable regulations and policies,
ensuring regulatory compliance and minimizing exposure related to assigned processing
tasks,

Enters information to a cormputerized database.

Communicates any prablerns or issues to management.

Financial Services Representative
Delta Corporation - 2014- 2015

Sold and serviced new/existing transactional accounts, CDs and IRAs in addition te generating
referral sales opportunities.

Assist customers with banking transactions, open new accounts, cross-sell and balance cash
drawer daily,

Build and maintain customer relationships,

Skills Used Mathernatical, computer and. strong cornmunication sklils,

Sold Insurance and Investrnent products Series 7, 6 and 63 licensed within 90 days scoring
highly In all testing.

Earned Founders Award for Production.

Verizon Wireless, Financial Services Representative Atternpted to collect on past due
accounts, assist. customers with billing questions; set-up.

EDUCATION
Business - 2010(Southest CC - Mernphis, TN)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings