Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

VP Of Finance Website : www. qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Resourceful VP Of Finance with over 14 years of experience in various roles, A proven leader and
manager with an analytical approach to problem solving and efficient in providing the best
decision making information/data,

SKILLS

Leader And Manager Resourceful, Quick And Eager Learner, Excellent Problern Solver, Multi-
Tasker, And Team Worker, Analytical HFM / Hyperion, Essbase, SQL Programrning

WORK EXPERIENCE

VP Of Finance
Architectural Fabrication - February 2016 - January 2018

Responsible for driving corporate change, growth, and developing the corporate strategy of a
$10 million Cash revenue organization.

Performed and completed the transition of cash basis accounting to accrual basis based on
the cornpleted contract method.

Managed and lead a tearm of 3 accounting professionals responsible for billlng over $11min
contracted projects, $10m In collections, and $6rn in ‘pees

Upgraded and implemented an appropriate system of policies, internal controls, accounting
standards, and procedures.

Responsible for preparing an annual budget and presenting to the executive committee for
approval,

Managed company cash flow ensuring preparedness for construction industry cash cycles,
Assisted in implementing processes and cultural changes that drive 4 29% growth In income
year over year to a total of $7. 6m in 2016.

Senior Financial Analyst
Kprng - March 2004 - February 2016

Analyzed the financial data identifying trends and issues, summarizing conclusions, and
making recommendations to leadership.

Reviewed financial statements analyzing unusual/significant variances and reporting on
results to leadership.

Provided continual financial analysis and advice identifying issues in financial results and
recommending improvements,

Worked with leadership in developing annual plans and quarterly forecasts,

Prepared a $28+ million annual financial plan for the pacific northwest federal tax practice.
Responsible for managing month end and year end closing process for the PNW business unit
through preparation and review of journal entries.

Created/developed detailed month end reports for leadership to Include actual and forecast
reports.

EDUCATION

Bachelor Of Business Administration in Finance - 2000 (University Of North Texas )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines