AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Financial studies
Management accounts
Budgetary contro!
Balance sheet accounts
Cost analysis

Financial training

Financial forecasting

PROFESSIONAL
Fire Marshall

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS
Attention to detail
Dedicated

Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd
The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T: 032] 638 0026
M: 012] 638 0026
E. infoaidayyod.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Finance Analyst

PERSONAL SUMMARY

they are doing the night things im order to deliver on short, medium and long term
company goals. She will always give clear recommendations and then explain the
exact implications of those for the business. As a true professional she can always be
relied upon to competently complete any commercial financial projects given to her.
Right now she is keen to join a rapidly growing business that has a role that is well
placed for furure career development.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location

FINANCE ANALYST Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for working with other staff in the finance team to provide key support to

+ Involved m g high profile role. working directly with the senior manazement team
on a day to day basis.

+ Traming up budget holders so that they understand key financial concepts.

+ Researching financial periodicals, reports. and other investment material to obtain
Bs ine inf

+ Producing accurste monthly reports, budgets and forecasts.

» Ensuring all budget holders understand the financial information they are given and

+ Using online banking systems to make financial transactions.
+ Carrying out s range of financial analyst assignments as directed by superiors.

Company name - Location

JOB TITLE Employment dates (i.e. Aug 2011 -Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Using sophisticated spreadsheets and reporting tools to present detuiled information.
+» Driving financial efficiencies at all levels within the company.

* Driving change and having a strong desire to continually improve.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Mansgement

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES - Available on request.