JOHN SMITH

~ Concentration: Financial Analysis ~

ready to embeace new chalenges and eager to pul my education, research skils and knowledge to practical use.

EDUCATION | PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

ee ene 2008
York University, Toronto
Areas of Specialization nasil Forecasbng, and Financiat Analysis

GPA (overall): 6.76/9.0; GPA (in major): 7.67/9.0

Business Economics Program (transferred to York to finish degree)
Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University, Virginia, USA

Canadian Securities Course (currently enrolled) Expected Graduation: February 2011
Canadian Securities Insthae, Toronto, ON

Econometric * ic Theory * Law & Economics + . 6
Macroeconomic Theory + Money, Banking & Finance » Corporate Finance + Dwected Reading + Financial & Managerial Accounting +
Fund Income ° Securities + Personal Financial Planning » Advanced Portfolio .

ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS / RESEARCH PROJECTS

Dissertation on stock price fluctuations and monetary policy. Exploration of avenues, along which stock prices, may exhiit covariance
with the monetary conditions. It has three sections: The fest section deals with the theoreScal underpinnings of monetary policy, with
respect to findings from the U.S. stock market. The second section analyzes the implications of a mean-variance efficient porticho, and
quantifies the undertying nk i security investments. The last section treats the case of the Canadian economy, ard atlempts to cross-

Research Project

« Research Report on Husky Energy inc.: Uses the twee-step, top-down security valuation method. It attempts to capture the impact of
the economic and political conditions on the performance of energy sector in teems of production and consumption, It then looks at the
industry's prospects within the global business environment, thereby determining how well or poorly the individual firm wll fare. Finally,
f employs financial metrics to determine the targeted price for the year ahead and makes a recommendation as to buy, sell, or hold the
sock.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Gap in Employment: Full Time Student (2007-2008), International Travel (2008-2010) & Job Search (2010) Oct. 2007 - Present
Ontario PC Candidate: Nina Tangri, Streetsvite, ON Sept. 2007 - Oct. 2007
Executive Assistant
© Actively participated in Nina's campaign for office; provided calendar management and updating of her schedule; wrote speeches for

her debates; conducted door-to-door canvassing to solict votes and educate consttvents on her polices; updated voter's Sst and
iGentified kay polls in nding