Locator 5

SE

NIOR Fl AL ANALYST | FP&A EXPERT | BUSINESS PARTNER Tel: 0400 900 B00

MBA, CPA Q Linked in

ti Na al

Dynamic, action-oriented finance professional (CPA, MBA), with a fast-track career spanning 12
years across professional practice through to retail and financial services. Expert in commercial
decision support, providing financial and risk management assessments to support M&A,
contract awards, and expansion activities. Keen eye for strengthening and streamlining
resources, and successfully integrating BI and reporting tools (SAP BI, Hyperion, SQL, and VBA)
to enhance data mining and automation. Thrives in performance-driven environments.

“David has been nothing short of an inspiration to our team. He offered a dynamic and fresh
approach during a complex change period”. D.Wilson, Director, OIG Australia.

Advance Financial Modelling = Commercial Analysis ) Retail & Wholesale Banking
Decision Support © AIFRS, GAAP & Tax Regulation Whiat-lf Scenarios

IFRS & Audit Compliance Business Intelligence (BI) Cost Reductions

Foreign Exchange (FX) Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Budget & Forecasting

Sales & Profitability Analysis Staff Management Credit & Risk Scoring

SELECTED HIGHLIGHTS

Built the financial models to aid the CEO of Finance Australia (PA) in executing an aggressive growth strategy that would
grow the business from a $6.2 million turnover to $11.3 million in less than 18 months.

Conducted detailed feasibility reviews of potential M&As for new store acquisitions for OIG Australia, considering both
financial and customer demographics. Provided expert recommendations, commentary, and insights to the CEO, CFO, and
Board to identify and flag high-risk potential acquisitions.

Produced What-If models and financial projections to assess the launch of a new Mobile Lending channel for Finance
Australia. Post-acquisition, this channel now contributes over 30% of the company’s total return.

Contributed critical data to build the 1, 3, and 5-year strategic plan for Rapid Management Consulting.

Championed the full introduction of a new PowerBI reporting solution, successfully integrated through SAP and Oracle
backend systems, which has been pivotal in enhancing management information systems.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Finance Austraia Pry Ltn, Sypney May 2022 To Present
SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST

npi Wer 22 gistered financial advise he Semor

e = Assisted the CEO in developing a new 1, 3, and 5-year strategic plan and led a program of activities that resulted in the

business expanding from a small regional network of 4 stores to 22 stores nationwide.

e Conducted in-depth analysis of financial data to produce accurate and meaningful forecasts of business, industry, and

economic conditions. This data played a crucial role in planning the opening and closing of branch locations.

e = Identified over $1.3 million in direct cost-saving initiatives that have significantly improved the business's efficiency

and operational framework. Implemented visual and interactive dashboards and provided training on trade
management to identify further cost-saving opportunities.

e Developed a dynamic "what-if" scenario model using the latest BusinessObjects (BI tools).