AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Financial project
oeernnee pemee nt

Financial Accounting
Strate gic ducsiness reviews
Cash flow meet ge ment
Asset mena gement

Financial performance

Cerporate financial affairs

PROFESSION AL

Prince H Practitioner
MBA

ACCA

PERSONAL SKILLS
Team player
Trouble shoortig

Attention te detail

PERSONAL DETAILS

Tracy Cooper

34 Anywhere Road
Coventry

CVO PRE

7: 02476 888 5544

Tracy Cooper

Finance Director
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A fully qualified finance director with experience of leading financial strategies
to facilitate a companies ambitious growth plans, A proven ability to constantly
challenge and improve existing processes and systems. Possessing excellent
communication skills and having the ability to communicate professionally with
clients and colleagues on detailed financial issues.

Easy going by nature, and able to get along with work colleagues and managers,
currently looking for finance director or consultamt position with a ambitious
company.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Hillary Financial Consultaney Services — Coventry
FINANCE DIRECTOR June 2008 - Present

Managing, Analyzing and reporting to executives and director on: key
performance indicatwrs, business risks, business objectives, influences on past and
future performance,

Duties:

¢ Responsible for the financial planning and management of projects.

© Managing the financial day to day operational aspects of a project.

© Reporting to the Heads of Departments.

© Responsible for the oversight and delivery of annual budgets.

© Expenditure tacking, operating budgets and long range financial plans.

e Managing up © 10 administrative and financial staff,

¢ Implementation of new corporate financial procedures to ensure best practice.
© Measuring financial risks.

¢ Working with various depanments of the business to help them plan their
budgets.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

¢ Providing direction and leadership to planning and accounting staff.

¢ Knowledge of; Balance Shee, Profit Measurement, Cash Flow stae ments.

e Carrying out investment appraisals.

© Trend analysis & financial modelling to help respond to dynamic market conditions
e Ensuring compliance and statutory reporting.

e Able to provide a high standard of financial contol.

e Proven ability to manage and develop a financial team.

e Ensuring legal & reguiatory compliance relating totax & HMRC is adhered to.

e Comfortable with working as the number one finance peson in a company.

e Experience of systems processes and procedures, including Sage Line 50.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

BA (Hons) Finance and Business