WILLIAM GOODWIN
Address ~ Cary, ST XXXXX
955.555.4555 wereatwanaixrrx. ox

CORPORATE FINANCE MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE
Chief Financial Officer | Vice President, Finance | Controller

Corporate finance executive and CPA offering over 20 years of expenence building, kading, and advssing corpora tons
through complex restructurings, mtemational expansion, and capital markets transachoms, Strong SEC expense and
background in mergers and acquisitions; knowledgeable of SOX requirements. Accomplished in structuring and nego tatme
tana ctons and favorable tenm with commercial and investment banks. Excellent leader with a rack record of documented
contributions leading to improved financal performance, her htened productivity, and enhanced internal controls.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Xrxxxxx Inc, - City, ST 20XX - 20XX

CFO / EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT (20XX ~ 20XX)
CFO (XXX ~ WN)

Corporate of fcer promoted on the fasterrack to CIO role then to CPO/ EVP tole tor this $1 bilbon, international company
providing leased satellite capacity and managed senices w teleoom television broadcasting, and corporate customers. Directly

a a 2 5.pervon senior management team including a controllerand 4 VPs with oversight for an 85.pervon staff. Broad scope
ot authoriy included exceutve puidance for all:

+ Corporate/Operaponal Finance - ‘Treasury ~ investor Relations
> Accounting - Taxanon ~  inemal Audits
- Contacts and Procurenrent = Mergers and Acquisinons - Risk Management

Spearheaded financial aspects for transformation of Xxsocxx into a $1 billion commercial company stracture with customers
in over 20) counties. Estab ished stronger financial reporting for US capind markets, enhanced cost controls, introduced
tax, interna tonal credit and collections, and IR capabilities, and developed multi-compan: financial accounting and reporting
astems, Gained tremendous intemational finance and regulatory expenence setting up companies and commercial
operitions, Coordinated stan of Sarhanes (Oxley Section 4(M for 22XX complunce. Key conti bunons:

Capital Markets | * Enabled access to $44 bilbom caputal at dow interest mates and under favorable terms by
& Banking estabbs hing company's iinal presence im US. capital murkets and bank markets and
Relationships building/ cultivating muluple ban king relationships.

® = Raised $1.9 bilbon in 3 xparste transactions from US. and European public debt markets,

*® = Provided company wath liquidity to run buaness at market beading rates for credits m that
class by negorating and refinancing over $2 bilbon in multiple hank credit facihtics, achieving
favorable terms and avoxding negative provisions

Internat ional ©  Pacituted corporte restructuring and ensured foundation incest financial performance

Finance & through creation of an international credit and eo leenons

Taxation © Built new tax department sich i gladitad ack ae needs; devised
tax structure recognized as industry-kading for efficiency, wang transfer prcing and low tax
punadicnons te achieve appresamute 15% tax rate on corponite carmings.

Strategic ®  Phyed key role in diversifring business and portioning company for PO) through support of

Initiatives 3 strategic investments m 2 years, incliding pending $1 hilhon acqunztion.

© Prepared company for 2YNX LPO. Developed internal resources, negotiated with investment
banks, and opened commumeations with Wall Srreet equity analysts. Completed ininal and