MARK MCKELLEN

Finance and Operational Accountant
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States
3056478349 email@email.com
Pace BUR i iar cue A RE San Antonio Dilvied Renee: esscnn eee eaaceS sR Full
LINKS

LinkedIn, Pinterest, Resume Viking Templates, Build this template
PROFILE

Proficient Certified Public Finance & Operational Acountant with 4+ years experience in reconciliations, financial management,
reports, and PEL statements. Has a master’s in business administration and a Business Diligence Valuations Certificate.
Established track record in financial system restructures, resulting in an increase of 35% in terms of processing speed and accuracy.
Looking for a Senior Operational & Finance Accountant role at Company A.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Finance & Operational Accountant, Capofirst: (000 eevee May 2017 — May 2021
Bahula

Accountable for the application and completing of the Accounting QA process (BS validation, accounting casing,

attestation and reconciliation, and any other accounting quality assurance processes).

* Processed and monitored reporting and accounting transactions following process concept, design, and
service levels as defined in the SSO Service Description.

* Complied with NSN Global F&C accounting procedures, principles (including Internal Controls and SOX),

and IFRS/ local GAAP accounting principles for the allocated responsibility area,

Provided Accounting Expert support,

Aided and organized global process application and tool deployments in own responsibility area.

Cooperated actively with internal/ external customers and colleagues to create and maintain a good network/

partnership and to guarantee an optimal, smooth, and timely solution for the problems.

Finance & Operational Accountant, Livery Finance sch Pa lasa sin eR CAA Jan 2014 — Dec 2018
Los Angeles

Provided broad analysis into net interest margin and discrepancy investigations utilizing varied toals and collaborated

with Business Intelligence and Application Services to create ad-hoc reports and explain system-generated entries.

* Prepared CFO and Trust Services Group report and other ad hoc reports weekly, monthly, quarterly, and
annual.

Assisted in both the daily and the weekly processes for the Finance team.

Completed the month-end close process for the Trust and Optimum Mortgage lines of business.
Designed and tested several reconciliations to confirm that data is precise and acceptable.

Advised on and implemented process improvements.

Identified key processes that affected internal controls over financial reporting.

EDUCATION
Certified Association for Professional Accountants (90ers Jan 2020 — Jun 2021
Chartered Financial Accountant (CFA) ‘Tampere
> Fordham University (900900 eben eens Jan 2018 — Dec 2019

Master's in Business Finance, Brookfield