WAYNE K. JAMES

12345 Oak Street South| San Pedro, California 12345
Home: 877.875.7706| Mobile: 877.875.7706 info@greatresumesfast.com

EXECUTIVE CORPORATE FINANCE PROFESSIONAL

Visionary corporate finance executive with the ability to achieve optimal economic capitalization
Soames strategic planning and relationship management.

Driven, bilingual, finance executive with expertise in business development, international accounting standards, risk
assessment, acquisitions, mergers, and competitive market positioning, delivering positive outcomes with strong and
sustainable gains. Talented and inventive professional with a proven track record of accelerating revenue growth through
strategic and tactical development of structural operations to drive business growth and market development fostering

performance improvement. Capitalizes on cross-functional team leadership examining economic trends and profitable areas
of growth. Identifies and capi on emerging business ventures to propel an organization to the top tier of its industry.
Core Knowledge & Skills:

=> Operating Infrastructure ~ Corporate Finance => International Accounting Standards

=> Mergers & Acquisition => Strategic Planning => Competitive Market Positioning

=> Risk Management => Organizational Leadership => Process Improvement

=> Implementation of BASIL II => Capital & Operational Budget => Due Diligence

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CONFIDENTIAL, Mexico 2007- Present
Corporate Director of Finance & Planning

Identified, analyzed, and captured opportunities for new business development, optimal economic capitalization, and market
growth through successful strategic planning initiatives, structured operations, mergers, and acquisitions. Challenged to
build new market presence and maximize cash flow, while reengineering and expanding existing ventures, increasing dient
base and improving corporate recognition. Researched, analyzed, and facilitated enterprise decision making processes
creating corporate vision for long-term growth themes and holding company mediation. Conceptualized and served as Senior
Finance Manager and Portfolio Strategist for the corporate pension fund and insurance company managing the allocation
multi-million dollar funding portfolios. Directed and consolidated staff for corporate credit and leveraged finance,
restructuring and investment ga improving performance and business initiatives.
elected Accomplishm

Increased capital ratio 2-350 ints through the successful analysis and completion of merger and acquisitions,

Increased sales 18% through the implementation Business Intelligence Solutions creating cross-sale strategy.
Generated 7% beyond market returns with the development of the Pension Fund.

Reduced merger costs $40M with expert understanding of structural finance and profitability.

Facilitated the completion of 2 successful mergers and several asset portfolio acquisitions creating capital

growth and expanding corporate presence.

Manenel $4000 Sosnonein Fenelon Pand —— potential for portfolio expansion.

Adminis! apany creating security and profitability.

VV vvv¥vva

2004- 2007

Identified opportunity, structured partnerships, and captured emerging business ventures through strategic and business
planning processes. Spearheaded the restructuring and reengineering of corporate compliance, operational risk, and control
processes, creating accountability and profit improvement opportunities. Transitioned strategy into tactical plans developing
procedures and policies to drive market growth. Consulted, monitored, and recommended implementation strategies and
synergies in the microfinance sector.