Robert Ss m ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfo@aqwikresurne.com

Website : www, qwikresume, com

Assistant Food and Beverage LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume

Manager Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY

Assistant Food And Beverage Manager with 6 plus years of experience seeking to join a company
where my skills in customer service, employee feedback, and ernployee training will be used to
exceed customer expectations, drive revenue, and uphold the integrity of a well-established
company.

SKILLS

Staff Taining, Schedule, Experience With Medical Records, General Knowledge Of Computer
Software, On Time And Reliable, Weekend Availability, Works Well As Part OF A Tearn Or
Individually, Excellent Multi-tasker, Rapid Order Processing, Conflict Resolution Techniques,
Results-oriented, Marketing, And Advertising,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Food and Beverage Manager
Rosen Shingle Creek - February 2015 - Present

.

Overseeing operations in various outlets within the hotel - including laurel court restaurant,
in-room dining, caff&eacute; cento, and the Tonga room.

Responsible for collaborating with kitchen in regard to reservations and forecast,

Responsible for preparing the floor layout and the assignments for the staff,

Successfully planning and organizing numerous banquet events and requisition lists.
Resolving many customer complaints, and always ensured that the customers leave satisfied,
Negotiating with suppliers to reduce cost and consistently achieved 15% department
profitability.

Improving the efficiency in inventory, labor, and point-of-sale management using oracle
micros,

Assistant Restaurant & Bar Manager
Rosen Inn International - October 2012 - February 2015

.

Led, monthly safety check, approving payroll, writing schedules, training fellow managers,
filing,

Worked with the kitchen and bar staffs on developing new menu selections and keeping the
atmosphere upbeat and appealing to a diverse clientele,

Ensured the food prepared in the dining rooms kitchen is cooked thoroughly and meets
customers satisfaction working closely with the kitchen staff to ensure that the food quality,
quantity, presentation, and service is up to standards.

Assisted in food service operations, including but not limited to scheduling and coordinating
services for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Communicated information to other departments orders supplies needed for.

Coordinated, set up and breakdown of all meeting space within the hotel.

Extraordinary customer service skills to make sure quests needs are met.

EDUCATION

Bachelors Of Hospitality Management in Hospitality Management - 2012(University Of Central
Florida )Associate Of Arts - 2010(Valencia College }

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines