Food and Beverage Assistant Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
As a Food and Beverage Assistant, responsible for preparing sandwiches, salads, and other

specialty iterns according to customer specifications, reducing kitchen accidents by maintaining
high standards of cleanliness and organization.

Skills

Team collaboration, Attention to detail.

Work Experience

Food and Beverage Assistant
Delta Corporation - 2012 - 2013

.

Responsible for food safety practices and sanitation guidelines.

Responsible for maintaining composure and work quality while under stress,

Responsible for monitoring food temperature, and discarding items not stored correctly.
Responsible for running food from the kitchen to the hall on demand.

Responsible for setting up buffets with food presentation standards and practices In mind,
ensuring safe food handling performance.

Responsible for serving plated dinners to guests and responding to requests for beverages,

appetizers, and other needs,
Responsible for delivering orders prornptly, checking In with quests to ensure satisfaction and

addressing any issues.

Food and Beverage Assistant
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2000

Responsible for food safety practices and sanitation guidelines,

Responsible for maintaining composure and work quality while under stress,

Responsible for monitoring food temperature, and discarding iterns not stored correctly.
Responsible for running food from the kitchen to the hall an dernand.

Responsible for setting up buffets with food presentation standards and practices in rind,
ensuring safe food handling performance,

Responsible for serving plated dinners to quests and responding to requests for beverages,
appetizers, and other needs.

Responsible for delivering orders promptly, checking in with guests to ensure satisfaction, and
addressing any issues,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines