Director of Food and Beverage Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Custorner-centric, performance-driven director with more than 15 years of management
experience specializing in full-service hospitality operations. Utilize extensive background in
providing hands-on leadership to achieve solid business results. Address guests' needs and
concerns to continuously improve service standards, quality and profitability. Proven effectiveness
to multi-task In a competitive, challenging and fast-paced environment.

Skills

Certified TEAM trainer, Serv Safe certified,

Work Experience

Director of Food and Beverage
ABC Corporation - April 2009 - February 2010

* Managed a team of seven managers and 45 ernployees, responsible for cross functional tearn
development across five venues to bulld sales, teams P&amp;L understanding, and concept
awareness,

Balanced controllable expenses and budgeting to regain profitability of the Burdicks Bar and
Restaurant.

* Built banquet and restaurant sales on SWOT analysis to target collegiate dernographic
through Innovative menu design, promotions and corporate partnerships.

* Branded Greenleaf Hospitality Groups entities with cross property promotions to increase
awareness of products and services between departments and locations.

» Created training program for Burdicks Bar and Restaurant based onthe partnership of
competencies and talent levels of ernployees.

» Identified organizational opportunities and implernented systerns to correct behaviors anc
standards to drive companys core values and mission.

* Implemented cost controls on food and beverage Inventories by minimizing menu items, par
levels and pricing contracts.

Director Of Food And Beverage
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2009

Responsible for analyzing data, drawing conclusions, Implernenting appropriate changes, and
meeting deadlines.
Responsible for assuring attainment of governmental regulations qayveming food and
beverage,
Responsible for assuring excellent in custorner and ernployee relations,

* Directed all food and beverage operations including restaurants, roorn service, conventions,
and meeting space for a 150 roorn hotel,

» Identify new offering opportunities and negotiate new contracts with vendors,

* Responsible for accounting, Invoicing, purchasing, vendor relations, legal compliance,
operational projections, asset protection, facilities management, training compliance, and
sta engagement.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines