ROBERT SMITH
Asst. Director of Food and Beverage

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

The ability to encourage, inspire and communicate with others has enabled me to harness the
potential of all who are motivated to achieve superior results. Those skills have aided me in the
recruitment, mentoring, and retention of exceptional personnel who are dedicated to excellence,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Word, Excel.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Asst. Director of Food and Beverage
ABC Corporation - October 2015 - May 2016

Key Deliverables:

*® Manage all administrative functions such as scheduling, purchasing lor the department,
hiring and terminations of associates all in a fiscally responsible manner.

» Works closely wth catering and convention services:

» Accomplish food &amp; beverage human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting,
Onenting, training, assigning, scheduling,coaching, counseling, and disciplining associates:
communicating job expectations, job duties and job responsibilities, planning, monitoring,
appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions;
entorcing policies and procedures:

» Achieve food and beverage operational objectives by contributing information and
recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans.

= Meet lood and beverage financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an
annual budget, scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.

» Avoid legal challenges by conforming to tha requiations ot the alcoholic beverage
commission,

« Maximize bar profitability by ensuring portion control; monitoring accuracy of charges,

Director Of Food And Beverage
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2015

Key Deliverables:

» HONOLULU, HI Pride of America, Pade of Hawaii and Pride of Aloha - 2,500 Guests and
1,000 crew,

* 2005 - July 2009 Director of Food and Beverage Managed all aspects of the Food and
Beverage operation on board these ficating hotels, including the supervision o! over 550
employees and a management team of $0.

» Chosen to bring out the Pride of Amarica and Pride of Hawaii as the F&B Director from
Bremerhaven, and Papenburg, Germany,

« Managed and coordinated all pre-opening details.

« Responsible tor an F&B budget of $34 million and revenues in excess of $12 million.

——
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
0 This Exee Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumc.com. Usage Guidelines