The Organization’s Food & Beverage Outlets:
A 200 seating multi cuisine Restaurant, Coffee Shop, an exclusive Bar with the smell of wood & malt,
Discotheque, Fast Food Centre. Juice Parlour, Cards Room Varieties of five different Banquet venues
to hold parties ranging from 25 to 2000 persons.

Roons: 60 nos. of well equipped & moderated Rooms

BRIEF JOB PROFILE:

~
~

%

%

Se

%

Food & Beverage budget making and to do achieve on it.

Menu Planning for the all of f & b outkt.

To ensure the profit margins are maintained, agreed costs are not exceeded through effective control
systems, including issuing against dockets, sales analysis, menu costing and cash checks.

To maintain a high degree of service and foresight to ensure successful meeting. wedding. events,
and A’la Carte.

To meeting top line & bottom line target set according to budget, profit & loss statement, service
standard & operation policies. planning & implementing effective control measures to reduce
running cost of the organization.

Oversee & review all staffing programs within area of responsibility, to ensure maximum guest
satisfaction and stay with budgeted guidelines.

Responsible for supervision of special Events, Food festivals operations and assist in the holiday
program

To Circulate throughout all restaurants, bars and banqueting departments, maintaining a high profile
with customers and staff

To be fully aware of trends in the industry and make suggestions or improvement of the catering
operation open communication within the department and with other operation department.
Training of the staff on up selling techniques to maximiz sales of premium brands & high profit

items. the field of food hygiene. service standers.
Take the necessary steps in the event of theft, burglary or fire.
To ensure to the company and statutory hygiene standards are maintained in all areas.

Fully conversant with all statutory requirements regarding a food and beverage operation, that all
licenses, including special licenses, are timorously applied for and that the conditions affecting the
issues of a liquor license are not jeopardized.

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE:

ITC FORTUNE HOTEL KANHA SHYAM
4* Deluxe Hotel
Allahabad

~

Supervisor- Food & Beverage
From December- 1997 to May 2002.