Food and Beverage Manager CV Sample

fYour Complete Name/Your Current Address/Your Phone Number/Your Email/

Professional Summary

Having always been a fan of the dynamic work environment, | am pleased to be abie to offer
a number of bespoke skills within the food and beverages industry. Not only has my pas?
employment focused upon this sector, but | have bolstered my hands-on experience with
numerous training courses and certifications over the years. This makes me an idea!
candidate for a management position. | am also looking to pass my knowledge off to others
who may be just entering this amazing environment. | am also known for my hard work, my
excellent communication skills ana my ability to cater to the needs of the individual customer.
| believe that all of these talents are absolutely essential in our modern times.

Core Qualifications

® Level 2 Food and Safety Hygiene for Catering (City & Guilds accredited}.

Experience

2013-present: District Manager of a London-based restaurant franchise. Duties include:

® Supervising the ongoing operations of four different properties.
® Addressing the needs of approximately 45 employees and junior management
® Inventory control, financial audits and continuous quality improvement.

2009-2013: Shift Supervisor. Responsibilities included:

All areas of food preparation.

Health and safety compliance.

Employee management.

Client relations and general customer service enquiries.

2006-2009: Server/Host. Some oreas of expertise revolved cround:

® Food handling and preparation.
® Cash flow management.
@ Front desk greeter.

Education

® King’s College London: Business and Management Studies. 1998-2001.
@ Loncosier University: Accounting and Finance BSc {Hons}, 2001-2003.

References

All further references will be happily provided upon request. So, it should be clear to
appreciate the work that must go info your presentation. This food and beverage manager
CV sample is intended to serve as a rough template and guide when creating your own
professional summary. We encourage you to have a look at the other employment tools at
your disposal throughout this website.