Robert Smith

Associate Food and Beverage Supervisor

PERSONAL STATEMENT

High energy supervisor with over 5 years' of experience. Efficient and
enthusiastic with strong leadership abilities. Proficient in managing high
volume operations.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Food and Beverage Supervisor
ABC Corporation- June 2014 - October 2015

Re sponsibilities:

Developed and evaluated beverage staff on proper techniques,
knowledge and skills,

Responsible for running a number of different beverage outlets,
budgeting, taking Inventory, forecasting, proper ordering and receiving,
staff management Scheduled service staff to ensure consistent labor
costs and effective service.

Managed staff of 70 and organized department functions in accordance
with company guidelines.

Assigned tasks and department assignments or projects, meeting
deadlines related to those assignments.

Rendered advice and provide expertise or judgment based on
Information gathered, studied, analyzed or reviewed.

Arrange timeline to complete tasks and department assignments or
projects,

Focused on achieving the goals or objectives of the departrnent using
available resources (staff and budgetary).

Food And Beverage Supervisor

ABC Corporation -

2012 - 2014

Re sponsibilities:

Interviewed, hired, trained, directed staff, dismissed, create work week
schedule.

Supervised restaurant bar, room service, kitchen, and banquet
department.

Office duties included filing, typing, collections, data entry,

Worked closely with Executive Chef to create a new menu every 6
months.

Employee of the month on 2007 Recelved medal for outstanding work
2008 | kept food and beverage scores above 95%,

Skills Used Ability to double task, dernonstrated great custorner service.
Dernonstrated ability to supervise and have happy employees and in
return they gave excellent customer service.

Education
Criminal Justice - September 1999(Rutgers University - Newark, NJ)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Microsoft Office.

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing —
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)