Robert Smith

Food and Beverage Manager/Captain

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Accomplished and energetic Food and Beverage Manager with a solid
history of achievernent in service and restaurant management, Contributed
In bringing Coldwater Golf Club to most improved golf course of the year in
2015, within 60+ Landscapes Unlimited properties. Met or exceeded
Projected budgets every month and exceeded revenues frorn previous 11+
years multiple months in 4 row. Successful track record in overseeing day
to day operations, marketing, HR and training of employees.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage Manager/Captain
jBi, LLC - 2015 - 2019

Responsibilities:

Responsible for analyzing data, drawing conclusions, implementing
appropriate changes, and meeting deadlines,

Responsible for assuring attainment of governmental regulations
governing food and beverage.

Responsible for assuring excellent in customer and employee relations.
Responsible for achieving $30 million optimized operation, addressing
emerging priorities, analyzing sales reports to identify opportunities,
ensuring transactional Integrity, and maintaining facility standards.
Developed guestservice training programs for management and French
cast including overcoming language barriers.

Cornmunicate with cast effectively to proactively address opportunities
and coach to grow individual skill sets.

Execute all steps of Food and Wine and other special events, frorn
forecasting to post event evaluations.

Food And Beverage Manager

ABC Corporation -

2014 - 2015

Re sponsibilities:

Managed the Restaurant, Bar, Banquet Department and the Kitchen Did
weekly Schedules for all departments.

Cornpleted Monthly Inventory of food and liquor.

Implemented training course for better serving the guest and Room
Service,

In Charge of hiring ernployees for the Food and Beverage Departrnent.
Completed a weekly banquet gratuity spread sheet for servers payroll.
Worked a couple MOO shifts every month and completed appropriate
end of shift paperwork,

Assisted weekly BEO meetings..

Education

Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management - (Eastern Michigan
University - Ypsilanti, Ml)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Food and beverage
service training and
management, hotel
management, POS
systems, financial
planning and controls.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Cornpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)