FIRST NAME LAST NAME

Address « City « Zip « Phone
Email « Linkedin

FOOD & BEVERAGE PURCHASING DIRECTOR « FOOD & BEVERAGE MANAGER

A highly motivated, seasoned, and award-winning Food & Beverages professional offering 20+ years of
experience in roles entailing management, procurement, production, design, sales, and marketing in high-
volume, global environments. Seeking new, challenging opportunity to leverage extensive background in
all facets of food & beverage service — from introducing leading-edge technology to building and
designing new restaurants, purchasing food and beverages, and managing facilities & support services.

Demonstrated history in maximizing profitability as well as guest and team member satisfaction. Possesses
extensive experience managing multi-million dollar businesses with up to 100 employees, complemented by a
passion for providing superb customer service. Employs finely honed communication, interpersonal, and
analytical skills to streamline processes, inform improvements, and harmonize diverse teams.

AREAS OF PROVEN PERFORMANCE

« Food & Beverage Purchasing « Menu Planning & Design « Start-ups & Turnarounds

« Restaurant General Management «» Praha natehepe ore « Training & Development

« Expense Management Customer Service & Client Relations « Strategic Sourcing

« Budgeting & Cost Control > Team Leadership & Motivation « inventory Management

« Business Planning « P&L Accountability . improvement
KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

*® Functioned as Project Manager, oversaw all aspects of operation (i.e. purchasing, budgeting, menu and recipe
planning, and training).

*e As Executive Chef & Opening Manager, reduced overall food cost by 17% within first quarter of employment.

+ a ree re ae cereee Se ee 12 weeks of accepting position as
Food & Beverage Purchasing Manager. Notably provided the company’s first near-perfect inventory in its 40-
year history.

® Designed kitchens, menus, recipes, order guides, and inventory forms and initiated valuable relationships with
distributors and key stakeholders.

. rn es ee. ee eee Progeesl ee fecel chatitedion secredecisien se ‘stl ter: Gomegateny
Name and U.S. Military inspections, passing

pproached
additional clientele. Regularly commended for acute attention to detail and strong business acumen.

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Food & Beverage Purchasing Manager | Company Name — City Date
Overview: Delegates, manages, and organizes projects, as well as establishes priorities consistent with company
objectives for one of the largest wedding destination hotels in the Caribbean Islands.
Notable Contributions:
Borer emp ire fiance? mraerpteennd renin Aaa peters Berane purchasing proposals
related to Food & Beverage. Creates corresponding business cases (including financial RO!) and presents
clear and concise summaries of quantified options to maintain appropriate inventory levels.
* Ensures food offerings to clients, customers, and employees of the operation are of superior quality;
implements and conducts quality assurance tests on safety, sanitation, and maintenance programs.