ROBERT SMITH
Food and Beverage Director I

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Certified Event Coordination Turgeted Selection, Certification 10+ years of experience in administrative
assistance, sales and marketing, property opemtions and management, Culinary Advisory Board member.

SKILLS

Fluent speaking with Deaf clients. Am. Sign Language.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Food and Beverage Director I
ABC Corpomtion - January 2003 —May 2004

Managed all food-and-beverage operations of an upscale private club, generating over$ LSM
annually.

Directed human resources, marketing, purchasing, financial reporting, inventory control, regulatory
compliance, and guest relations.

Revitalized languishing food operation by introducing new menus and offering functions, meetings
and catering based on guest preferences and seasonal considerations.

Complied with all food and beverage health, liquor and safety regulations: as well as all federal,
state and local applicable laws,

Scheduled, evaluated and trained staff and ensured staff complied with all customer service
standards.

Ensured Food and Beverage floor opemted in a smooth, efficient manner to ensure customer
satisfactian,

Reviewed and approved all recommendations and suggestions to hire, transfer, suspend, promote,
discharge, eval ute, assign and discipline all Food and Bevenige employees in a fair and equitable
ouinner.

Food And Beverage Director
ABC Corpomtion - 2000-2003

Effectively managed all restumnint, bar und kitchen staff consisting of a total of 35 people an a daily
hasis.

Conducted monthly taining sessions to improve customer service skills of wait staff.
Menu planning for specialty buffet and bangvet functions.

Purchased food and liquor supervised inventory of stock, liquor and equipment,
Weekly puyrall forthe entire restaurant, har and banquet staff.

Managed and implemented operating budget.

Managed the catering and functions sales forconventions, meetings and weddings...

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes