Food Beverage Manager Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Custorner Service professionally a record of increased responsibility, Proficient in prioritizing and
completing tasks in a timely manner, yet flexible to multitask when necessary. Custorner focused
with diverse industry experience including restaurant, bar, and consulting services. Enjoys
learning new prograrns and processes and team player who is attentive to detail and able to work
ina fast pace environment,

Skills

Food management.

Work Experience

Food Beverage Manager
ABC Corporation - june 2004 - January 2013

.

Led the food &arnp; beverage staff to ensure department operated efficiently and business
goals were achieved,

Attended appropriate meetings and cormmunicated effectively with all responsible staff to
ensure guest and employee needs are ret.

Accountable for guest satisfaction by ensuring food and beverage service standards are met
and guest needs are responded to ina timely manner.

Resolved guest complaints in courteous and friendly manner, focusing on service recovery
when applicable,

Worked side by side with staff to train and model appropriate quest service standards.
Responsible for interviewing, hiring, coaching, and development of all ernployees.
Responsible for training all ernployees and ensuring training records are maintained,

Food Beverage Manager
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2004

Supervise all service personnel including counseling and discipline, to maintain service
standards,

Meet and greet quests as they arrive, offer choice of seating, then escort thern to their table
and present menu,

Read, rnaintain and make daily entries in the logbook to coordinate cornmunication between
shifts and management.

Maintain proper set-up of dining roorn and enforce uniforrn and grooming standards of all
service personnel on a daily basis.

Conduct daily &quot; roll call reetinas& quot; to keep staf informed of evurrent prornotions,
dally specials, gest comments, daily events and pertinent mernos.

This is Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
This Is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines