ROBERT SMITH
Food and Beverage Attendant /Manager

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Highly skilled in providing first contact customer services with proven ability to provide
patrons with personal attention in order to make them more comfortable. Skilled
problem solver who readily adapts to change and can work independently and within a
team. Able to manage multiple priorities and meet tight deadlines without comprising
quality, standards or company goals.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office 2007, Medial Software. Insurance filing/ processing, Office Purchases,
Mail, Sales, Cashier, Inventory,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage Attendant / Manager
ABC Corporation - July 2012 ~- August 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Collects sales slips. total sales ona cash register, accepts payment from patrons
and makes a change as necessary,
* Sets up food service counters, steam tables with hot and cold foods and

bevermues.

* Prepares coffee and hot water for tea fills beverage dispensers with juices and soft
drinks,

» Sets tables, seal quests, record guests selections and turns in orders to the
kitchen.

* Serves food, alcoholic and nonaleoholic beverages
* Responded to guests needs in a professional and polite manner.
* Learned teamwork skills and how to work with others to achieve team goals.

Food and Beverage Attendant
ABC Corporation - July 2012 - August 2014.

Key Deliverables:
* Collects sales slips, total sales on cash register, accepls payment from patrons
and makes charige as necessary.
* Maintains related cash records:
* Keeps work area clean and orderly,
* Sets up food service counters and steam tables with hot and cold foods and

beverages,

* Prepares coffee and hot water for tea, fills beverage dispensers with juices and soft
drinks.

» Sets tables, seats guests, reconis guests selections and turns in-orders to the
kitchen.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© Ths Free Resume Template ts the copyright al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines