Robert Smith

Assistant Food and Beverage Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Assistant Food And Beverage Manager with 7 plus years of experience
seehing to have 4 job that would enable me to use my talent and skills as
well as contribute to organizations goals and which wouk! provide excellent
opportundies for career advancement and personal growth.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Food and Beverage Manager
Hilton Worldwide - April 2012 - Present

Notifying the management of ordering needs (liquor, beer, wine, paper
goods, etc.).

Meeting, greeting axl encouraging the feedback from customers and
use feedback to implement positive changes within the restaurant.
Maintaining & safe working and guest environment to reduce the risk of
injury and accidents.

Overseeing the front of house and back of the house personnel to
maintain adequate staffing and minimize overtime.

Leading and directing team members in effective methods, operations
and procedures.

Actively participating in ongoing customer service programs to build
sales and rapport in the community,

Recognizing and formally acknowledging outstanding staff performance
to boost company morale and productivity,

Assistant Food And Beverage Manager
Darton Restaurants, Inc- April 2011 - April 2012

Responsibilities:

Clearly and promptly communicated the pertinent information to staff,
Such as large reservations or last-minute menu changes.

Responsible directly for guest satisfaction and overall quality of product
and custorner service,

Created and execute opening menu working the US foods and various
brokers.

Created standard operating procedures to open concessions stand at
the busy baseball complex.

Attended daily manager meeting, conducting pre-shit meetings with
Staff and attending BEO/resume meetings.

Touched quest tables to ensure guest satisfaction and handling any
Quest complaints.

interacted positively with customers while promoting hotel facilities and
services,

© This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

a7 Marshvite Road,

f231456:7090

info@qwikresume
resume.com

All Microsoft Office Suite,

Media Marketing, Email
Campaigns, Chat And

on

english (Native)
Professional)

Spey (Professional)