ROBERT SMITH
Food and Beverage Supervisor

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Dependable Manager bringing management experience anda willingness to take on added
fesponsbility to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player with a strong work ethic and
advanced complex problem solving skills,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage Supervisor
ABC Corporation - April 2007 - April 2010

Key Deliverables:

* Supervise day to day operations of Ripple Diner, Ripple Express, Room Service for 200
room onsite hotel.

» Wrote standard operating procedures tor all positions within the food and beverage
department,

» Carefully interviewed, selected, trained and supervised siaft

» Clearly and promptly communicated pertinent information to stafl, such as large
reservations or last minute menu changes.

»  Interacted positively with customers while promoting hotel facilities and services,

» Organized special events in the restaurant, including receptions, promotions and corporate
luncheons

» Corectly calculated inventory and ordered appropriate supplies,

Food And Beverage Supervisor
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2007

Key Deliverables:

* Continually provided exceptional service to customers by being friendly, knowledgeable
and accommodating,

« Maintained a consistent, regular attendance record,

» Setup storeroom and work areas to allow easy access to stock items.

» Effectively and calmly resolved situations with intoxicated quests.

* Actively promoted a cooperative and harmonious working climate to boost morale,
productivity and etficiency,

« Parinered successfully with the general manager and food and beverage director to
produce the highest service scores in the hotels history.

= Tirained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program:

EDUCATION

I
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines