Robert Smith CONTACT RETAILS

hig Marshville Road,

. abana
Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Highly organized and detail oriented with several years of administrative SKILLS
assistant experience, Able to maintain a postitive attitued while interacting Bilingual, Strong Work
with demanding clients. Focused on custorner service, properly greeting Ethic. =
each client/quest Responding quickly to all inquiries and anwering phone
calls with a professional and friendly attitude. Maintain positive moral and
work ethic. Very reliable, dependable, honest and hardworking, :
LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE English (Native)
French (Professional)
Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor Spanish (Professional)
ABC Corporation- April 2012 - December 2012
Re sponsibilities: INTERESTS
= Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the restaurant.
* Focusing on custorner service and paying attention to detail to ensure Sete rl
accuracy of all orders. Paaking! a
« Maintain a clean and friendly environment, Work as a team player. Reading
= Multi-task to decrease customer wait time,
* Responsible for cashing out all customer tickets both dine-in and take-
oe REFERENCES
= Work in accordance with gila county health departrnent requirements
and guidelines ensuring food handling safety, iain - 1 (Company
* Complete dally side work duties both before and after each shift. Reference - 2 (Cornpany
Narne)

Food and Beverage Server
ABC Corporation- November 2008 - August 2010
Responsibilities:
= 85550 Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the Casino.
= Focusing on customer service and paying attention to detail to ensure
accuracy of all orders.
« Maintain a clean and friendly environment.
= Work as a team player.
= Multi-task to decrease customer walt time,
= Responsible for cashing out all custorner tickets both dine-in and take-
out,
= Work in accordance with gila county health department requirements
and guidelines ensuring food handling safety.

Education
Certificate - (Arizona School of Massage Therapy - Tempe, AZ)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines