Robert Smith

Jr. Director of Food and Beverage

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 28 years of experience in the hospitality Industry with documented
ability to turnaround challenged operations, add renewed emphasis on
quality control and launch operations from ground floor. Proven record of
enhancing operations and optimizing profitability with direct hands on
approach.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. Director of Food and Beverage
ABC Corporation- March 2006 - October 2007
Re sponsibilities:
= Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions
to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted,
= Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to
anticipate arnounts to be purchased or requisitioned.
= Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel
problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining
and lodging facilities,
= Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead
costs, and assign prices to menu items.
« Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as
newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs,
= Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and
presentation of food to ensure that food Is prepared and presented In an
acceptable manner.
« Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.

Director Of Food And Beverage
ABC Corporation- 2001 - 2006
Re sponsibilities:
= 36693 Took control of the day-to-day operations of the club,
= Worked hand & hand with the general manager.
« Managed all aspects of the $4 rnilllon of operational revenue in the food
and beverage department.
« Implemented marketing strategies to increase banquet revenue as well
as increased mernberships.
= Took a grasp on inventory to ensure all cost was met to budget.
* Implemented ways to lower cost of goods as well as lowering controlled
cost, increasing the bottom line.
= Demonstrated great leadership.

Education
- (FIVE TOWNS COLLEGE - Merrick, NY)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama :
(123)-456-7899
infog@qwikresume.com
muetiemna’ om

Food & Beverage
Management.

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)