Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

. Alabama
Assistant Food and Beverage Manager (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Assistant Food And Beverage Manager with 7 plus years of experience SKILLS
seeking to have ajob that would enable me to use my talent and skills as All Microsoft Office Suite,
well as contribute to organizations goals and which would provide excellent SharePoint, Adobe,

opportunities for career advancement and personal growth. Dropbox, Google Docs

WordPress, Online

WORK EXPERIENCE Meeting Software,
Proprietary CMS Social
Assistant Food and Beverage Manager Media Marketing, Email
Hilton Worldwide - April 2012 - Present Campaigns, Chat And
Responsibilities: Forum Moderation
= Notifying the management of ordering needs (liquor, beer, wine, paper
goods, etc.).
* Meeting, greeting and encouraging the feedback from customers and LANGUAGES
use feedback to implernent positive changes within the restaurant. English (Native)
* Maintaining a safe working and quest environment to reduce the risk of French (Professional)
injury and accidents, Spanish (Professional)
* Overseeing the front of house and back of the house personnel to
maintain adequate staffing and minimize overtime. ae
= Leading and directing team members in effective methods, operations INTERESTS
and procedures. Climbing
» Actively participating in ongoing customer service programs to build aieoeons
sales and rapport in the community. Reacing
» Recognizing and formally acknowledging outstanding staff performance
to boost company morale and productivity.
REFERENCES
Assistant Food And Beverage Manager
Darden Restaurants, Inc - April 2011 - April 2012 frie 1 (Company
= Clearly and promptly communicated the pertinent information to staff, Name)

such as large reservations or last-minute menu changes.

= Responsible directly for quest satisfaction and overall quality of product
and customer service.

= Created and execute opening menu working the US foods and various
brokers.

= Created standard operating procedures to open concessions stand at
the busy baseball complex.

= Attended daily manager meeting, conducting pre-shift meetings with
Staff and attending BEO/resume meetings.

= Touched quest tables to ensure quest satisfaction and handling any
guest complaints.

= Interacted positively with customers while promoting hotel facilities and
services,

© This Eree Resume Template !s the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines