JOHN DOE

1 Fake Street, City, XX [555.555.5555 | JohnDoe@yahoo.com

FOOD & BEVERAGE DIRECTOR | BEVERAGE FIELD SALES MANAGER
Highly effective Food and Beverage Director with almost 15 years of experience specializing in generating sales
revenue increase, food and spirits management, staff development and maintaining excellent customer
satisfaction. Offering an array of skills in logical problem solving, fiscal budgeting, streamlining business
Operations, cross-functional collaboration and team managemem. Proven ability to oversee the launch of
successful restaurants and event centers. Track record of success multi-tasking in dynamic environments.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

e Restaurant & Bar Management e Event Planning & Marketing e Strategic Menu Development
© SalesGrowth e Employee Training & Mentoring © Trend Analysis

e VendorManagement e Fostering Key Business Relationships © Efficient Scheduling

© Supervision & Leadership © Booking Entertainment & Talent © Cost Controlling

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GENERAL MANAGER - FOOD AND BEVERAGE April 2017 - June 2017
123 Beach, City, XX
Managed the overall direction of Coastal Blue Restaurant and Bungalow Beach Bar.

* Developedculinary and beverage menus with a wide selection of offerings based on customer demand.

© Spearheaded seasonal operation planning of the Beach Bar assembly beginning in April.

© Scheduled Restaurant Managers and delegated server team rotations to fit current staffing.

* Builtkey partnerships with companies such es Sysco Foods South Jersey Paper Supplies. Nestle and Gallo Wines.

GENERAL MANAGER - NIGHTLIFE April 2015 - April 2017
ABC Casino, City, XX

Fostered talent relationship partmerships with numerous high-level clientele, including Strategic Group. SKAM Artists,
Moodswing Management KREAM Group, Windish Agency, CAA DGI Management William Morris, AM Only, Live Nation.
Wortd Ware Trading Company and The Rich Group. Launched 4500-person Festival Park and Premiere Nightclub.
Generated $14.7 million in sales in 2017.

Conducted Annual Performance Reviews for Junior Management Staff and Hourly Team Members.

Executed efficient booking of Talent and Acts for both our Nightclubs to provide consistent quality entertainment.
Organized invoicesand processed funds for all talent to ensure accurote budget alignment.

Communicated with our partners at Live Nation regarding additions to our Talent schedule.

Coordinated transportation end hotel rooms while acting os @ licison forActs and Telent upon arrival.

Ensuredno higher than a 15% beverage cost for the venue through successful cost control and menu design.
Maintained positive relationships with multiple departments in the building. including Facilities, EVS Culinary,
Banquets and Catering. Casino Floorand Marketing.

Optimized strategic scheduling, placement and training of Management and Staff based on critical paths.

Utilized knowledgeable experience to implement appropriate direction of Bar Design with review of work
stations/layouts Service, Front and Back Bar Setup.

© Orchestrated OSE Smallware. and Linen to fully assemble the outlet as well as ensured inventory set for openings.

e Facilitated safety training based on OSHA requirements.

* Arranged dozens of prestigious nightlife events and private parties for a variety of organizations.