ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Food and Beverage Attendant

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Health care profession who, in the past, remains caim and ettective in extremely difficult and
stressful situations. Strong belief in importance of companionship and support in patient care.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Multiline telephone, computer knowledge.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Food and Beverage Attendant
ABC Corporation - December 2011 — March 2013

Key Deliverables:
* Provided exceptional service to customers by being friendly, knowledgeable and
accommodating.

* Maintained a consistent, requilar attendance record.

» Experty prepared both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages using correct tachniques,
liquid measurements, and gamishes.

* Setup barforoperation, obtained cash bank and stocked the service bar,

« Set up storeroom and work areas {co allow easy access fo stock items.

» Accurately recorded sales, made correct change and prepared charge sligs for quests.

» Immediately informed supervisors of any problems or unusual situations and took
appropriate action.

Food And Beverage Attendant
ABC Corporation - 2008 - 2011

Key Deliverables:

=» Ran Starbucks concession, restaurant and gilt shop: opened and closed independently
according to detailed checklist

* Assisted in ordering food and gilt store products.

* Received the highest! score in the department on a surprise Corporate audit,

» Assisted in event preparing by making sure enough food was ready for members.

= Received a letter and cartificate from the chief executive officer for providing exemplary
customer service and was mentioned in a Trip Advisor review tor contributing to.a tamily
having an unforgettable vacation,

* Skills Used Had to work in a fast paced environment,

» Deatt with live food, inventory and ordering sheeis..

EDUCATION

* Medical Assisiant - August 2611(Brown Mackie Collage - Salina, KS)
—————
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines