Robert Smith

Food and Beverage manager/Operations As

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Accomplished management professional with a demonstrated track record
of creating rapport and trust with clients in a diverse setting.
Knowledgeable in many areas of operations including managing, coaching,
sales, and collections, Strong management skills exhibited through
managing day to day operations of 100 seat call center.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage manager/Operations Assistant

ABC Corporation -

April 2007 - November 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for the daily operations of the Hote! F&amp;B departments
Including Room Service and meeting room functions.

Assist and meet with clients to finalize all meeting room set-ups, menus
and equipment requirements.

Inspected the meeting rooms prior to each event to ensure that the set-
ups are correct and to meet the meeting planner to offer personal
service to ensure 6 successful event.

Oversee Banquet staff and Room Service staff in all aspects of
scheduling, set-up and banquet service for all sales group.

Oversee the room service function for the hotel in addition to events
held in guest roorns and meeting roorns,

Effectively assures appropriate staff hiring and training according to
hotel and department procedures, provide fair, consistent and impartial
evaluation and disciplinary actions.

Worked with Director of Catering and the Corporate Chef to consistently
upgrade service standards and food presentations.

Food And Beverage Manager

ABC Corporation -

2004 - 2007

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for the entire food and beverage operation on a particular
cruise ship at atime.

Worked on 10 different ships, varying in size.

Brought out two new cruise ships from Europe, the Ms Jubilee from
Sweden and the Ms Fascination from Finland.

Was totally responsible for setting up and managing the entire food and
beverage operation on the Ms Fascination.

Appointed the designated trainer for Carnival Cruise Lines food and
beverage management training program.

Started with the company at 19 years old and prornoted to food and
beverage manager at 23 years old.

Was still the youngest food and beverage manager within the company
when | left at the age of 29 in 1995..

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Training & Development,
Leadership
Development, Marketing,
Hiring, Food and :
beverage,

a
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)