Robert Smith

Assistant Food and Beverage Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Assistant Food And Beverage Manager who is a seeking a position witha
strong company that will benefit from my 4+ years experience in the
resort/restaurant industry.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Food and Beverage Manager
Split Rock Resort- May 2015 - Present

Responsibilities:

Implementing tracking of product from POS system and physical
inventory. Assisting the crew when customer demand for the product
was increased,

Budgeting for inventory and payroll. Keeping communication open and
available for staff and FB manager.

Creating inventive drink programs to increase daily/weekly revenue,
Tight control of payroll,

Comrnunicating with FOH manager to brainstorm for new and
innovative ways to generate new revenue,

Working with the Chef to coordinate wine pairings, specailty (holiday)
venues, and marketing for various entertainers with large followings.
Training new employees for floor service, bar service, hostess position,
and POS system,

Enforcing FOH/Company mission statement, as well as policies and
procedures,

Assistant Food And Beverage Manager

ABC Corp -

2014 - 2015

Responsibilities:

Dispatched over 20 service technicians, Received and logged daily oil
and propane installation inventory,

Researched and implemented a flat-rate system. Generated work order
bills for distribution to customers.

Computed payroll hours, Purchased equipment for repairs, installations,
and truck inventory,

Scheduled over 100 employees, Audited rnultiple on-site cash banks.
Managed multiple retail locations inventories.

Marketed and implemented events for the resort. Issued payroll hours.
Achieved the hotel and catering revenue, profit and customer
satisfaction goals by overseeing banquet operations.

Education

Diploma in Medical Office Billing & Coding - January 2013 to
September 2014(Northampton Community College - Bethlehem, PA )
Bachelors in Theatrical Management - August 1994 to May 1996(East
Stroudsburg University - East Stroudsburg, PA )B.A. in Fine Arts - August
1992 to May 1996(East Stroudsburg University - East Stroudsburg, PA )

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS”

Microsot Office,
Birchstreet, TimeSaver,
Micros, Agylisis, Aloha,
Microsot Office/All
Aspects Budget
Management, Creative
Revenue, Staff Training,
Guest Satisfaction With
Upgrades Of Sales
Property And Employee
Safety, Maximizing Labor
Costs

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

NTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)