ROBERT SMITH
Food and Beverage Manager/Bartender

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Dedicated professional guaranteeing smooth operation and brand standards are met. Extensive
customer service experiences making sure all customers are happy, Problem Solving, multi-
tasking and delivering prompt friendly service. Maintains a positive attitude, decreasing statt
tumover, Seeks managerial position in food & beverage Department,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, Management, Customer Service.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage Manager/Bartender
ABC Corporation - 2014 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Directed the activities of all food and beverage outlets.

» Budgeted, financial perlormance, service and quality standards, Ensure quest satisfaction
measured by GSI score and strives continuous improvement of these standards,

«* implemented revised menus in outlets, streamlined cost containment initiatives and
adjusted statting ievels responding to seasonal need,

» Assured proper functioning of the point of sales system and coordinates with the systems
department of maintenance and periodic upgrades.

* Selects all wine lor purchase and creates wine list for all F&amp;B outlets.

« Accomplished food and beverage services human resource strategies by deiennining
accountability communicating and enforcing values; policies, and procedures, counseling,
disciplinary, planning, monitoring appraising, and reviewing job contributions,

» Prepared schedules and payroll for all F&amp;B depanment.

Food And Beverage Manager
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

= Responsible for analyzing data, drawing conclusions, implementing appropriate changes,
and meeting deadiines.

» Responsible tor assuring attainment of governmental regulations goveming food and
beverage,

=» Responsible tor assuring excellent in customer and employee relations:

* Responsible for entirety of location, including planning, budgeting, negotiating, facilities,
personnel training; compliance, financial services, and operational management of multiple
outlets throughout the park,

« Responsible for vendor relations and inventory management High accountability for
managing costs, including labor, with expectation to come in on or under budget,

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines