$} Katy Brown

Profile Details

Enthusiastic Food and Beverage Attendant who is well-known for local and federal food 143 Main Ave, Orlando, FL,
handling laws. With two years of experience in different jobs. With extensive knowledge of 32804, United States
seasonal and local dishes and specialties. Skilled in preparing banquets and its continuous 890-555-0401

presentation. Always ensures that food preparation and presentation areas are clean and email@email.com
above standard. Experienced in hotel conference and a la carte dining at events.
USA

Employment History

Food and Beverage Attendant, Billabong Restaurant, Broomfield, CO A

05/10/1992

Worked under the immediate supervision of the School Food Service Manager. Flagstaff, AZ

Performed routine manual tasks in the preparation and serving of food and in cleaning
and maintaining food service areas. Skills

Communication
Accomplishments:

e Memorized the restaurant's wine stock and the meals they should accompany,
leading to daily wine sales averaging $170, which was a 25% than the company
average.

e Write patrons’ food orders on slips, memorize orders, or enter into handhelds
for transmittal to the kitchen staff in a 120+ seat restaurant.

Responsibilities: First Aid Certified

Wine Knowledge

Allergie Knowdedge

e Performed opening and closing duties as required
e Demonstrated accuracy in cashiering, cash handling and credit card processing Hobbies
e Operated and balanced a cash register, stocked shelves, and utilized FPOS

e Responsible for checking and recording register balance at the close of business

Horse riding, Reading, Skiing

e Answered telephone inquiries, referred callers to dietary possibilities
e Restocked Storage areas, replenished items on shelves
e Received inventory, and provided food and beverage supplies

Trainee Food Service Worker, Woody's, Scottsdale, AZ

Coordinated and assisted in serving guests. | was responsible and in charge of the
team of waitresses. In this role, | trained several new employees up to standard.

Make this Resume

Accomplishment Writing Guide

e Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making
recommendations upon request in a 70+ seat restaurant.

e Served food and beverages to patrons, and prepared or server specialty dishes
at tables required.

Responsibilities:

e Provided excellent customer service.

e Relayed and prepared food and beverage orders using safe food handling
techniques

e Maintained, stocked, and displayed food according to company policy.

e Maintained refrigerator temperature logs.

e Worked in a fast-paced environment waiting tables and simultaneously tending
bar

e Cleaned and sanitized work station and equipment