ROBERT SMITH
Fitness Assistant I

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Earned BA degree from Rutgers University in 3.5 years while financing own education.
Currently employed as a Junior Engineer for a Computer Networking Integrator where
have been assigned increasing levels of responsibility. a highly motivated, analytical,
customer eccentric professional with a track record of achieving superior performance
versus targeted benchmarks.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Data Entry, Great Team Player, Excellent Communication. Proficient With Adobe
Creative Suite, Microsoft Office,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Fitness Assistant f
ABC Corporation - November 2011 - May 2013

Key Deliverables:

* Provided quality leadership in fitness.

» Stayed up to date on fitness trends and techniques

* Assessed, planned, implemented, and evaluated clients,

* Provided customer service at this job by assisting patrons with equipmertt
checkout, knowledge of how to use the equipment, and occasionally spotting
patrons while they were doing strenuous exercises.

» Additionally also had the chance to work special events had at the Student
Recreation Center.

* Had the opportunity to help in the planning process of the Spartan fitness
competition and Spartan boot camp.

» Assisted customers with workout equipment,

Fitness Assistant
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2011

Key Deliverables:

* Some of those events were Zombathons, 6K run/walk, Spartan fitness
competition, Spartan bench press competition, and Spartan boot camp.

* Performed necessary maintenance on equipment,

* In the Spartan boot camp | taught and ran the class which consisted of six
patrons for six weeks every Monday and Wednesday,

* Conducts fitness classes based on customer demand, provide/ assists In classes
such 4s proper exercise techniques, proper use of equipment fo prevent injuries,
safety neasures, aerobics, stretching. heart and blood pressure monitoring,
nutiition, and weight management.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines