ROBERT SMITH
Health & Fitness specialist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

An open-minded, friendly and resourceful leader with a sound and optimistic outlook on all things
in life. Posses an excellent ability to motivate others, coupled with the ability to communicate
comfortably at all levels, therefore ensuring an excellent working environment for all members of
the team to perform at their bests.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Health & Fitness specialist
ABC Corporation - August 2014 ~ October 2015

Key Deliverables:

» Plan, organize, and conduct a physical finess program that provides conditioning
programs for authorized patrons.

* Instruct individuals and groups in the proper implementation and maintenance of
Conditioning and training programs for aerobic fitness, muscular fitness, body composition,
and flexibility training.

» Conducts Polar-it testing, which includes measuring individuals aerobic capacities, their
body fat percentage, recommended haight/weight ratios, strength, flexibility, muscular
endurance and blood pressure,

« Work with various command representatives in developing and Implementing physical
fitness programs for military personnel,

» Instruct patrons in the proper use of all equipment for training and self-monitored progress
by preparing written instruction and procedures for the perlormance of work, use af
equipment, salety and wellbeing at all involved,

« ‘Train‘iead other employees in various recreation/phy sical fitness-related positions,

» Register patrons, collect fees, maintain attendance and appropriate accounting records.

Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2013 = 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Execute equipment orientations, body composition screenings, blood pressure checks, and
fiiness assessments,
s Enforce fitness center policies and procedures.
» Adhere and execute the departments risk management plan;
» Maintain participation records.
» Educate members on proper and safe exercise form,
» Participate in ail fitness-related special events,

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines