ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Health Fitness Specialist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A Health Fitness Specialist position with responsibilities performing all radiographic examinations
according to established protocols with a high degree of accuracy in positioning and exposure
techniques.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Radiography Imaging, Fitness Instructor,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation - August 2011 - August 2012

me Deliverables:

Supervises facility; interacts with participants and monitors equipment and participant
safety.

» Provides individual and group exercise instruction educates participants on proper
techniques to maximize exercise salety and attectiveness.

» Coordinates and leads a variety ol pmaram-specitic health improvement programs 2amp;
promotions.

s Conducts fitness testing and assessments and advises participants of results: designs
individualized programs to mest the participants interests, abilities and goats

» Researches health & amp; fitness educational topics and Kentities appropriate participant
educational materiais: conducts health education seminars’presentations

» Participates in membership drives to acquire new participants, enrolis new participants and
conducts facility, program and equipment orientations.

» Promotes program offerings and conducts outreach activities to increase participation and
re-engage inactive participants.

Health Fitness Specialist
Corporate Fitness Works - 2010 - 2011

wey Deliverables:

Ensure that the fitness center is clean upon the opening and closing of each shift.

» Instruct group exercise classes Kick Box, Spin, and HITT,

* Create exercise incentive programs that engage current and new members to reach their
health and fitness goals,

» Responsible tor keeping track of memberships and member dues on ICTraining,

» Implement fitness assessments and program desions for members who are new or need 10
create new health and finess goals,

* Assist clients during training sessions and ensure they are using proper farm by cuing them
during the exercise.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines