DANETTE BARNES
MIND AND BODY FITNESS PROFESSIONAL

Results-oriented Certified Personal Training Professional with a passion for designing exercise and
hutrition programs that maximize workout efficiency, improve fitness, increase stamina, and develop an overall
sense of well being. Personable trainer able to coach and motivate clients and create an environment where
wellness goals are heard, nurtured, and executed producing lifetime results. Proven business acumen combined
with practical experience and formal training in leadership, heath, and fitness. Areas of strength include:

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS

Built, trained, developed, and inspired a high-performing team charged with serving more than 2000 clients.
Filled leadership void and revitalized languishing staff morale, transformed culture of complacency into one
that emphasized service excellence, consistency, efficiency, and organization.

Assisted numerous chents in developing finess and nutrition programs and losing weight,

Received nationally recognized American Council on Exercise (ACE) Personal Trainer Certification,

Respected certified fitness expert in the Southeast Region of the U.S.

Certified by the American Red Cross in CPR, AED, and First Aid,

WORK EXPERIENCE

My FitOodles, Atlanta, GA (2009-Present)

FOUNDER & PRESIDENT

Distinguished owner of fitness and nutrition start-up charged with a mission to provide personalized finess and
wellness programs using holistic, mind, and body philosophies to assist clients in reaching their health and finess
goals and maintain them for a lifetime.

Level 1 Fitness, Atlanta, GA (2009-Present)
A small gym with a big vision — developing great bodies to do great service for our great human race. Credited
with having move than 1S years’ experience helping clients take their bodies and lives to the next level

CERTIFIED PERSONAL TRAINER

Hired to instruct groups or individuals in exercise activities and the fundamentals of sports, Demonstrate
techniques and methods of participation. Observes participants and informs them of corrective measures
necessary to improve their skulls, Facilitates on-site training sessions and informational workshops providing
instruction on making healthy life decisions.

* Enforce safety regulations governing sports, recreational activities, and use of exercise equipment.

* Creates specialized training programs for groups and individual.

* Offers alternative exercises during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness.

* Teach proper breathing techniques used during physical exertion.

* Monitors participants’ progress and adapts programs as needed,

2809 Farmew Lane, Avanta, GA 30296 = dbanyesdyaloo.com « Mobie 678.814.8772 = Home 770.907.1187