Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hig Marshville Road,

. abana
Volunteer Group Fitness Instructor (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
To obtain a full-time position within an organization where | can make 4 SKILLS
positive impact on people's lives, and experience longterm career growth. Microsoft Office,
Coaching, Management,
WORK EXPERIENCE Customer Service,
Volunteer Group Fitness instructor
ABC Corporation- January 2013 - August 2014 LANGUAGES
Re sponsibilities: English (Native)
= Provide a variety of wellness programs for seniors, while maintaining a French (Professional)
safe environment Spanish (Professional)
« Instruct fitness classes on land and in the water for all levels of senior
living including independent, assisted and care center residents,
« Evaluate and assess with residents thelr abilities and goals to provide a INTERESTS
safe environment to exercise, Climbing
* Responsible for all rnarketing and tours of the wellness area. eens
« Oversee engineering staff and contract companies for the maintenance ng
Reading
of all equiprnent and pool monitoring,
= Work with Regional Wellness Director to create and execute fitness
initiatives and programs to keep Interest and participation high. REFERENCES
= Provide administrative and accounting support to Care Center.
Reference - 1 (Cornpany
Fitness Instructor Nah ies ~ 2 (Company
ABC Corporation- 2008 - 2013 Name) _

Re sponsibilities:

* Fall 2013 Maintained an enthusiastic attitude towards the participants.

= Carefully directed the participants throughout the course.

= Exercise Stress Testing Course- Spring 2013 Can perform a Vo2
subrnaximal cycle ergometer test.

= Can thoroughly perform blood pressures and body cornposition tests.

» Supervision of Brophy Fitness room and Personal Training- Fall 2013
Personal trained and assisted client to reach finess goals,

= Designed workout programs that fit my clients goals,

« Provided pre- and post-health screening evaluations.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science- (North Dakota State
University - Fargo, ND)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines