Robert Smith

Fitness Coach I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Motivated Fitness Instructor accomplished in helping clients at all fitness
levels get into the best shape of their lives. Strongly believes health is a
conscious lifestyle choice necessary for longevity and happiness,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fitness Coach Il

ABC Corporation -

December 2013 -July 2014

Responsibilities:

Assessing clients overall health, lifestyle, profession, and pre existing
conditions, in order to to design customized programs to help thern
achieve optimal health.

Proven sales performance in new client generation and high long terrn
client retention.

Maintains efficient time management skills related to personal business
goals.

Responsible for tracking client progress and performing follow Lip
assessments,

Able to work with a wide range of clientele needs from weight loss, to
rehabilitation, to sports conditioning training,

High success rate in teaching and motivating clients to manage and
maintain desired fitness goals.

Volunteer work with Camp Mariah Fresh Air Fund teaching group classes
to adolescents,

Fitness Coach

Orange Theory Fitness -

2009 - 2013

Responsibilities:

Design creative and functional workouts for group classes,

Coach large group classes in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
Instruct members on proper technique and form.

| have been coaching at OTF for two years (Coral Springs South,
Parkland, Coconut Creek locations).

Was a part of the first tearn of coaches at Coral Springs South and
Coconut Creek during the opening stages of the new studios and
believe my Impact as a coach, as well as our tearm of coaches, helped
develop those studios Into the growth and success that they still
experience today.

Skills Used My knowledge of strength and conditioning, as well as my
background in psychology Is put to use every day at OTF,

From correcting a members form in the weightroorn to discussing goals
and concerns after class, ry extensive education and background in
fitness and wellness plays 4 pivotal role in my success as a coach..

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

CPR Certified, Micorsoft
Office, Excel, PowerPoint,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)