Michael Hayes | Personal Trainer

Location: London
Telephone: 01234 567890
Email: michaelhayes@example.com

Professional Profile

‘A driven Personal Trainer and Fitness Instructor, committed to supporting clients with the achievement of
health, fitness and weight loss goals’

Skilled in the detivery of intense training using current techniques in exercise science and both aerobic and strength
training programs, with the ability to offer suitable health and fitness products and solutions to achieve customer
expectations. Focused on the acquisition of new business while retaining existing clients, with the interpersonal
skills to build productive relationships. A body transformation specialist that has achieved successes in the
improvement of client experiences through the management and delivery of reliable health and fitness information,
and via the provision of guidance on best form and technique.

Core Skills

e Personal training i « Client relations
« Goal setting / motivation « Nutrition advice
e =©Technique support « Group fitness training

Career Summary

Dec 2014 — Present Reflex Gym, London
Personal Trainer
Outline
Singlehandedly delivering both one-to-one and group personal training to a range of clientele with daily visits
ranging from 4 clients up to 7; reporting to the Gym Manager.

haga meteecgrco
Supporting the management, marketing and promotion of the gym to inspire the introduction of new members
to the gym, and providing reliable information on all available fitness products.
Interacting with clients to deliver a workout plan in accordance to their requirements and lifestyle
Meeting with clients prior to workouts in order to obtain a comprehensive understanding of the client’s goal,
Driving participation in available classes in order to assist with the achievement of client goals and to provide
relevant knowledge and education.
Observing clients when performing exercises to ensure correct technique and providing diet and lifestyle
suggestions when relevant to the fitness pian.
Approaching members to offer assistance with workouts and to improve upon client experience.
Upselling personal training packages to gym members and ensuring the development of effective working
relationships in order to retain clients.
Offering facility tours, presenting workout routines, and discussing payment plans related to the gym services.
Devising customised exercise plans for clients based on their goals, typically including cardiovascular and
weight lifting exercises,
Key Achievements
Established and maintained a strong client base with 92% repeat business and a timetable of satisfied clients.
e Designed and implemented exercise, nutrition and conditioning programs that enabled numerous clients to
achieve dramatic weight loss, sometimes up to 4st.

Jul 2012 — Dec 2014 Ultimate Body Gym, London
Personal Trainer
Outline

Singlehandedly offered one-to-one personal training to high-end clientele with daily visits ranging from 2 clients
up to 10; reported to the Gym Manager.

Key

Responsibilities

Delivered results-oriented, and both science-based and evidence-based training to improve upon the health
and fitness of clientele.

Supported the management, marketing and promotion of the gym to introduce new members and provided
reliable information on all available services.

Interacted with clients to deliver a tailored workout plan and obtain a full understanding of their goals.

Page 1