Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

. . abana
Lead Fitness Assistant (123}-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Dependable Professional with experience working In hands on custorner SKILLS
service enviorment. Hard working, energetic, and reliable. Work well Microsoft Office, patient
Independently and as part of a team and committed to excellence in all care, Interpersonal

projects involved, Pays close attention to details and instructions. communication, problem

solving, exercise testing,

WORK EXPERIENCE fitness programming,
7 natural leader, creative,
Lead Fitness Assistant passionate.
ABC Corporation- September 2007 - February 2008
Re sponsibilities:
= Demonstrated procedures common to the activities, conducts LANGUAGES
instructional classes and provides guidance and available literature to English (N ative)
patrons. French (Professional)
* Assisted customers and cormmunicates positively in a friendly manner. Spanish (Professional)

= Took action to solve problerns quickly, alerts the higher-level supervisor
or proper point of contact for help when problems arise,

= Promptly reported any observed workplace hazards, and any Injury, INTERESTS
occupational illness, and/or property damage resulting frorn workplace Climbing
mishaps to the Imrnediate supervisor, Snowboarding
= Performed and accustomed to short periods of standing, walking, aeaae
bending, crouching, reaching and leading exercise demonstrations.
« Answered telephones, rmanaged emails, assisted students with
information about the Fitness Center hours.
« Enforced rules and regulations of recreational facilities to maintain REFERENCES
discipline and ensure safety in the Fitness Center. Aaltires - 1 (Company
am
Fitness Assistant deta eae.
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2007
Responsibilities:

= Provide a safe environment for participants, Clean and maintain the
fitness center, Scan ID card for entry into facility, Develop knowledge
of,

* at San Antonio Recreation and Wellness Enforced Carmmpus Recreation
weight roorn policy.

« Assisted Patrons with fitness activities Ensured a safe arid clean workout
experience for Patrons to use,

= Educate members with proper use of equipment and proper form of
exercise, assist members of solving fitness needs and problems clean
and maintain .

« Maintain 4 clean environment Assist students, staff, and faculty with
work out regiment Attain leadership and tearn building skills.

« Assisted in group exercise sessions; directed participants of proper
exercises to achieve optimal success fromm workouts Ensured clients
successful .

« Implement and enforce policies in assigned areas Perform details and
maintenance to cardio and weight machines Provide great customer

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines