Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; [nfo@awikresume, corm

Website : www. qwikresume,corm

Fitness Specialist/Personal Trainer Iideadintinieadinceacniigedieraauenia
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

A position as a fitness specialist and personal trainer offering knowledge and skills acquired
through education and experience to facilitate members in achieving their optimal level of
physical, emotional, and mental health.

SKILLS

Management, Writing, Custorner Relations, Property Management, Critical Thinking, Sales
Operations, Contract Management, Marketing Cornmunications, File Managernent, Hurnan
Resources, Leadership.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fitness Specialist/Personal Trainer
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2010

* Manage and coordinate fitness and wellness prograrns and services in accordance with AFI
regulations.

* Manage day to day procedures at the front desk helping both Internal and external customers,

* Conducts fitness classes for active duty and elderly populations.

+ Educates personnel on healthy exercise and eating habits,

* Manage and train staff of wellness specialists, health educators, or fitness instructors,

» Conduct needs assessments or surveys to determine interest in, or satisfaction with, wellness
and fitness programs, events, or services.

» Conduct or facilitate training sessions or seminars for wellness and fitness staff,

Fitness Specialist
Norfolk Fitness & Wellness Ceriter - 2002 - 2007

* Assists with the management of daily operations of the facility by scheduling and monitoring
volunteers and employees, cornpiling figures and preparing reports, providing lesson plans
and prograrn planning, and authorizing permits and collecting fees for rental of the facility,

* Develop fitness prograrns for personal training clients.

* Provide personal training services to clients according to their fitness goals Plans, implernents
and evaluates recreational programs and daily activities of the center and provides assistance
to ermployees.

* Ensures the safety and supervision of the fitness floor and that patrons are Using equipment
properly,

* Responds to inquiries, provides fitness programming and fitness resources.

* Provides tours and program Information to prospective members.

+ Skills Used Cormmmunication Customer service Organizational,

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Scjence in Cormmunications - (University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines