Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hig Marshville Road,

. P abama
Fitness Trainer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
To gain employment in an established cornpany which enables to help SKILLS
people by enriching their quality of life and improve overall life satisfaction Forklift Operator, order
while utilizing passion for fitness and health. selector, Sales, phone

skills, Supervisory Skills,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Fitness Trainer LANGUAGES
ABC Corporation- June 2014 - December 2015
English (Native)

Responsibilities: French (Professional)
= Conducted the Planet Fitness Physical Education at PF program, which Spanish (Professional)
included creating and following the PF class schedule.
* Created health and life improvement programs designed specifically for
each clients needs and goals. INTERESTS
« Clients of all ages and health backgrounds. Climbing
= Instructed clients off on how to properly and safely use the equipment, Snowboarding
* Instructed clients on proper nutrition resources. Cooking
= Updated and created prograrns consisting of a variety of exercises Reading
weekly,
* Responded to member questions and concerns in atimely arid
professional manner. REFERENCES
lth ~ 1 (Company
Fitness Trainer ett
ABC Corporation- 2012 - 2014 pa ~ 2 (Company

Re sponsibilities:

= Designed workout plans for over 10 clients resulting in improved
strength, stamina and overall health.

« Instructed and demonstrated various exercise tips and weight training
techniques, designed to bulld a more muscular physique.

= Clients noticed fast results utilizing my workout plans and nutritional
advice,

= While demonstrating excellent form during weight training clients
progression was always at its peak.

= Motivation along with enthusiasm was a daily occurrence,

« Skills Used Social skills, listening skills, and 4 few leadership traits such
as dependability, decisiveness, and dedication were executed In support
of a healthier lifestyle.

« Ability to motivate, and bring out peoples competitive drive.

Education

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines