ROBERT SMITH

Fitness Specialist |

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

To obtaina full time administrative position, Over 20 years of administrative
experience and | believe | would be an excellent addition to any company that Is
seeking a mature, professional, goal-oriented staff member.

JULY 2013 - AUGUST 2014
FITNESS SPECIALIST | - ABC CORPORATION

Assists with the management of daily operations of the facility by scheduling
and monitoring volunteers and employees, compiling figures and preparina
reports providing lesson plans and program planning, and authorizing permits
and collecting fees for rental of the facility.

Develop fitness programs for personal training clients.

Provide personal training services to clients according to thelr fitness goals
Plans, implements and evaluates recreational programs and daily activities of
the center and provides assistance to employees.

Ensures the safety and supervision of the fitness floor and that patrons are
using equipment properly,

Responds to Inquiries, provides fitness programming and fitness resources,
Provides tours and program information to prospective members

Skills Used Communication Customer service Organizational.

2011 - 2013
FITNESS SPECIALIST - ABC CORPORATION

Supervised exercise participants to insure proper use of equipment and
designed fitness programs for diverse population including higtrrisk members.
Prepared and evaluated monthly utilization tracking of members and organized
incentive programs,

Conducted fitness assessments for 350 members Using the company fitness
center.

Designed fitness program for each member based on the results of their fitness
assessment.

Conducted fitness center orientations for new members,

Organized and administered incentive programs to reward employees for
meeting Individualized fitness objectives.

Assumed management responsibilities for the fitness center during managers
absence..

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines