ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Health Fitness Specialist

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SUNIMARY

Dedicated customer service oriented health und fitness professional. With extensive experience in program
management, client relations, marketing strategy, record and data management, program implementation,
team collaborations, physical conditioning, nutritional health, group exercise, sports prognuming und
customer service,

Microsoft Office, Pitenss Instructor,

WORK EXPERTENCE

Jr. Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corpomtion - February 2011 — October 214

* Perform fitness testing and assessments on a member, which includes but not limited to, the
evaluation of cardio respimtory and muscle conditioning.
Results are then entered into. a member management software program,
Advise members of physiological test results.
Develop and recommend exercise prognums on regular basis by instructing members on proper
exercise techniques, use of equipment and fitness concepts.
Monitor members progress and perform follow-up measure progress and results.
Provide personal tmining services as part of our HIP (Health Improvement Program).
Create and maintain bulletin boards, Employee Cannectian website and other member nurketing
Samp; communication materials consistent with HPC standards and within designuted timefrume,

Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corponition - 2006-2011

Provide high quality customer service to all members of the fitness center.

Conduct proper health screenings und assessments.

Follow ACSM guidelines forall fitness assessments and interpret findings.

Lead one on ane trainings and group exercises classes to members.

Implement strategic programs and murketing plans.

Establish and coordinate membership dutubase and adberence programs.

This is Dummy Desenption data, Replace with job description relevant to your cunent role.

SCHMOLASTICS

* Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology - (San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA)

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes