AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Fitmess consultant

Boely build ing

Power lifting

Lifestyle assexoments
Strength training

Nutrition

Gyn Membership Sales

PROFESSIONAL

Level 3 personal training

Adveneed First Aid &
CPR certificates

Shokk Gym Qualified
(Kid's gym)

PERSONAL SKILLS
Motivating
Exce Dent communicator

Able to ne nwork

PERSONAL DETAILS

Wenely Harris

34 Anywhere Road
Coventry

CV6 7RF

Wendy Harris
Personal trainer

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A highly competent and enthusiastic personal trainer with a proven ability to help
poople achieve their fitness goals, Possessing a successful track record of
evaluating a client's physical fitness, understanding their needs and then
developing a practical and achievable workout routine for them to reach their
targets, Possessing the necessary communication skills required to gain the trust of
Clicats and thereby retain their business. Indeed during the previous 12 moaths
successfully signed up over 220 new gym member. Now looking to further an
already successful career by working for an ambitious and exciting fimess centre.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Oty Centre Fitnwens Gym ~ Coventry
PERSONAL TRAINER June 2008 - Present

Working closely with clients to develop pemoaalised health and fitness plam for
them. Responsible for peoviding ad vice on nutrition a well 2s encouraging clients,
giving them feedback and keeping track of their development.

Duties:

© Providing one to one guidance to clicats to help them achieve their fitness goals,
e Selecting the conectset of exercises for a client to achieve maximam results,

© Devising fitness programmes for weight loss, muscular gain and rehabilitation ete.
© Conducting fimess and exercise classes and demonstrating equipment,

© Responsible for initial contact with new members and promoting membership siles
© Measuring and asossing blood pressure, heart recovery rate, body fat ratio,

© Wekoming new gym members and giving general inductions to them,

© Designing and advising on dietary programmes,

© Responsible for marketing the gym & charity events, press releases etc.

© Providing personal waining sessions to private clients at their home or work.

© Maintaining gym equipment aed ensuring it is sale © use,

© Tracking a client's progress aud accurately updating their record.

© Explaining & clients the revults they can expect from particular exercise regimes.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

© Ability to successfully motivate and encourage individuals.

© Excellent knowledge of gym specialis raining equipment like weadmills ew.
© Experience training vatious people from all kinds of back grounds,

¢ Able toapproach powatial customers to promote a gym or fines product

© Expericace of working in fitness centres, health clube and hotel keisure conwes.
© Achieved all goals set with clients, sales targets, member retention.

© Focused on maintaining personal training certification throe gh continuing
edecation.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS