Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

. . abana
Fitness Professional (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Young professional and graduate with a B.A. degree In History. Seeking SKILLS
challenging employment where strong interpersonal communications and Managernent, Opera,
organizational skills will be an asset to any business or organization, Retired Professional
Striving to bring the best of available resources to make the companies SSSgrry :
work for growth In every possible w ay. Boxer, Monthly Required
: Leadership Classes.
WORK EXPERIENCE
LANGUAGES
Fitness Professional :
Best Fitness - Fuller Rd - May 2015 - March 2018 English (Native)
Re sponsibilities: ceaan Aertessiene)
= Generated weekly client schedules to accommodate their fitness goals. Oe
= Produced client progression reports required for personal training,
= Developed and implemented exercise programs for current and past INTERESTS
clients. Climbing
= Interacted with custorners and assisted in membership information, Snowboarding
= Maintained gym equipment to ensure proper use for members, Cooking
= Remained current on gym promotions and special deals, Reading
= Recommended fitness programs for members.
Fitness Professional REFERENCES
Delta Corporation- 2012 - 2015 Reference - 1 (Company
Ra sponsibilities: Name) —
« Created fitness programs for individuals seeking training. Reference - 2 (Company

Name)

= Trained Elderly and young athletes who attend high school or college.

= Provided Class Boot carnps for all mernbers seeking agility, balance, and
cardiovascular health.

* | was responsible for networking with potential clients, marketing and
sales of personal training/group fitness classes, assessing and creating.

= Also | assisted the front desk when they were short staffed which
required operating the cash register, sales of merchandise, and
completing opening.

* Assisted multiple clients on their journeys to healthier lifestyles and/or
better daily performance in their respective tasks Skills Used -.

= | was responsible for rneeting new clients and tailoring prograrns to
their health and fitness goals,

Education

Bachelor of Artsin History - (State University of New York at Oswego
- Oswego, NY)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines