LADY MARSHALL

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

Summary
Experienced Personal Trainer with eight years’ experience conducting one-on-one training
sessions in upscale fitness studios and gyms. Advanced training in metabolic testing, nutrition,
and weight management consulting. Adept at creating a warm environment in which clients of
all ages can successfully achieve health and wellness goals.
Highlights
e Fitness assessments e Senior fitness programming
© Body Mass Index (BMI) knowledge «¢ Weight management expert
¢ Customer-oriented ¢ Understanding of human anatomy
¢ Equipment operation ¢ Skilled planner
© CPR and First Aid certified * Program development
Experience
Personal Trainer Mar 2009 to Current

Fit n Fun Gym — New Cityland, CA

Guide clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.
Devise and announce new classes and distribute guest passes to market the club.
Consistently attain facility targets, including revenue goals and member retention
rates.

Lead clients and occasional groups of all ages through personal workouts and skill
development training.

Administer fitness assessments, which include the seven point skin-fold body fat
measurements, blood pressure, and treadmill tests.

Counsel clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

Personal Trainer Sep 2007 to Feb 2009
Ladies Fitness — New Cityland, CA

Carefully evaluated member needs and assisted them in achieving personal fitness goals.
Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.
Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.

Arrived on time, prepared and attentive for every training appointment.
Demonstrated and explained fitness program benefits to members, resulting in a 25%
increase in member participation in paid classes.

Personal Trainer Jul 2005 to Aug 2007
Equitus Gym — New Cityland, CA

Assisted in the operation of a clean, friendly, and well maintained health club.
Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.

Helped older adults with weight training by setting up equipment and providing
instructions.

Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other activities in the gym to
meet fitness goals and improve overall wellbeing and health,

Contributed to a 30% increase in sales for the personal training department.

Professional Courses and Certifications

Certified Personal Trainer, AFAA--2005-Present
Current CPR and First Aid Certifications