NESS CONSULTANT SAMPLE RESUME

1025 Market Street, Lafayette, LA 70508
(337) 204-3645
joan. doex@gmail.com

Personal Trainer with 12+ years of experience in coaching, mentoring and fitness program development seeking @ position
as a Fitness Consultant. Possesses an A.S. in Sports and Fitness and is a Certified Fitness Professional (NASM).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DAY UNIFIED HEALTH AND WELLNESS New Orleans, LA
Personal Trainer September 2002 — Present
e Assist employees in creating sustainable health goals and plans.
¢ Conduct fitness consultations, create fitness programs.
¢ Follow-up with employee, track fitness gains and input into database.
¢ Participate in weekly meetings with Wellness Management Team; brainstorm to develop new
programs for employee wellness enhancement.
¢ Progress individual employees’ fitness programs to ensure optimal change and progress; administer
monthly one-on-one fitness evaluations.

BRIGHT STARTS ACADEMY Baton Rouge, LA
Gym Teacher July 1997 — August 2002
e Created curriculum and guided children through lessons and games.

¢ Taught school-aged children principles of team building and play, self -respect and respect for
others and personal hygiene.

¢ Collaborated with school officials to create lessons geared toward understanding adolescence,
puberty and development.

° ane intramural competitions in select sports such as volleyball, handball, soceer and
softball.

¢ Encouraged personal responsibility and accountability in organized activities; created a schedule for
students to manage clean-up and set-up after class, appointing a monitor to lead the activity.

EDUCATION
COWELL UNIVERSITY Lafayette, LA

Associates of Science in Sports and Fitness, June 1997
e Graduated with Honors

¢ Captain of 4 intramural teams

¢ Volunteer basketball/soceer coach at local YMCA

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

e Current knowledge and understanding of exercise science and nutrition.

e Excellent with Microsoft Suite

e Certified Pilates instructor

¢ Dynamic interpersonal skills and great work ethic

e Compassion, patience and drive to motivate customers in goal attainment.
ADDITIONAL SECTION

e Certified Fitness Professional, National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM)
e Certified Pilates Instructor, Half Moon Pilates