Health Fitness Specialist I Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Motivated Fitness Instructor accomplished tn helping clients at all fitness levels get into the best
shape of their lives. Strongly believes bealth is a conscious Ifestyle cholee necessary for longevity
and happiness.

Skills

Health Specialist, Health Educator.

Work Experience

Health Fitness Specialist I
WINSLOW INDIAN HEALTHCARE CENTER ~- November 2015 - 2020

Conduct or facilitate training sessions or seminars for wellness and fitness stall.

Assess and evaluate individuals abilities needs, and physical conditions, and develop
appropriate training programs to meet any special requirements.

Provides fitness instruction, when scheduled and when sebeduled instructor is unable to
teach,

Offer alternatives/ modifications during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness -Plan
routines, choose appropriate music, and choose different movements for cach set of muscles,
de pending on participants capabilities and limitation,

Observer participants and inform them of corrective measures necessary for skill improvement,
Make sure that the participants follow proper techniques of breathing and exercise pattern so
that physical strain does not oecur.

Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels to maximize benefits from exercise routines.

Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2013 - 2015

Performed pre-participation health screenings for new members in order to obtain baseline
tnformation to taake effective recommendations towards healthy lifestyle living.

Conducted physical fiteess assessments, interpreted results and developed exercise
prescriptions based upon clients needs and goals.

Applied behavioral and motivational strategies to apparently healthy individuals and
individuals with medically controlled diseases and heath conditions Lo support clients in
adopting and maintalaing healthy lifestyle behaviors.

Instructed group fitness classes such as Cardio Intervals, Core Strength & Balance, Boot Camp
and Silver Sneakers.

Performed fitness management, administration and supervision of the fitsess [acility,

Acted as the liaison between health and wellness groups within the local area Lo collaborate
and provide bealth tairs to the community.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

Education

~ August 2012{Black Hills State University - Spearfish, SD)

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines