Robert Smith

Senior Fitness Specialist

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly qualified Fitness Specialist with experience In the Industry. Enjoy
creative problem solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and |
would excel in the collaborative environment on which your cormpany
prides itself,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation- 2010 - 2012
Re sponsibilities:

= Assists the Fitness Supervisor to ensure that the cormmunity center
delivers a high quality fitness experience to all members.

« Trained and developed a solid tearm of Personal Trainers, Group Fitness
Instructors and Floor Staff Attendants.

= Engaged with mernbers and encouraged thelr involyernent in our fitness
programs,

* Ensured accurate administration of personal training, including the
preparation of client files, measurement tracking, and workout
programs,

« Assists with the development and Implernentation of restructuring
fitness department.

= Communicated pertinent information to the Fitness Team Assisted the
Fitness Supervisor in training and developing new fitness staff Helped
member service matters such as providing fitness floor orientations,
explaining services offered by the Fitness Department and signing a
member up for training agreements and appointments.

« Performed various administrative duties within assigned areas as
needed.

Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation- 2006 - 2010
Re sponsibilities:

= Supported administration of clients wellness program.

= Performed health assessments, exercise prescription, instructed
motivational programming, and health education to diverse and high-
risk population..

* Prepared monthly and quarterly report on health center utilization,
fitness testing results and participation in health events,

« Facilitated behavior change programs including health Improvement
programs, one-on-one health coaching and meeting presentations.

= Managed the employees work schedule and payroll,

» Additional responsibilities Included new client orientations, daily
operational/administrative tasks including reports and clent
correspondence,

* Designed, implemented, and demonstrated group exercise classes.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

SKILLS
Microsoft Office.

NGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)