8 PERSONAL DETAILS -e| EXPERIENCE / INTERNSHIP

A disciplined and self- KPS Public School, Chandigarh

motivated athlete with KPS Public School, Chandigarh Jun 2018 - Sept 2018

a recent course in

Athlete Management. * Effectively communicated rules and procedures of relevant sports by conducting
An awarded sports training workshops.

persona with excellent ¢ Advised, guided and counselled athletes on their nutrition, health, safety and use
levels of of various sports equipment.

fitness.Looking for « Assessed and evaluated the performance of athletes during training and contests.
positions with sports ¢ Understood strengths of the players and inspire them to overcome their
organizations as a weaknesses by different types of coaching styles.

trainer where | can

leverage my skills in EDUCATION

sports coaching, health IGIPESS, Manali 2019

and fitness, and team

Bachelor of Physical Education
development.

Deen Dyal School, Hissar 2015
Higher Secondary

Q

\ Phone Number

94676430990 Deen Dyal School, Hissar 2013

4 Email Address Senior Secondary

priya234singla@gmail.com | PROJECTS

The Impact of Unexpected Exercises on an Untrained Individual

if) Linkedin uRL

linkedin.com/in/priya- « Assisted a senior professor in studying the impact using RPE values and FS scale.

singla ¢ Purpose of the study was to determine the role of tele anticipation in sedentary
population.

() Address « Received citations from 3 major national journals.

13 Nehru Street, PROFESSIONAL ENHANCEMENTS

Manali
Awards
) SKILLS ( TECHNOLOGY wy
/ FUNCTIONAL ) « Awarded “Best Athlete Award” by Haryana Sports Association in 2018.
® Hand-eye Coordination Courses

nh & 4

®@ Athletic Coaching
oo k*

® Performance Evaluation
kKkekekw

®@ Teamwork and Leadership Volunteering

« Athlete Management Course from Sports Management Worldwide, 2019

EXTRA-CURRICULAR
Positions of Responsibility

« Vice-President of college’s NCC club.

tek ke « Volunteered for awareness program on World Sports Day, 2017.

@ Fitness Mentoring * Taught sports to slum children as a member of Khel NGO from 2017 to 2018.

> &. ¢ Participations / Sports

¢ Gold medal winner in Inter-College Gymnast Competition, 2019.

¢ Gold medallist, National Level Swimming Championship, 2018.

« Bronze medal winner in International level athletic competition, 2018.
¢ Silver Medal winner in National Gymnast Competition, 2017.

Languages
English, Hindi, Punjabi, Italian