Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Certified Fitness Instructor (123)-456-7209
Info@qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
tam looking to be employed in a position that is both innovative and SKILLS
challenging. | have a strong interest in working with my employer to Mircosoft office.
enhance operations and foster a sense of teamwork arnong fellow staff _ :
mernbers. | am opento constructive criticism and advice. | arn fully Spans Hams EIce
computer literate and a quick learner on new programs. | would like to work
for a company where | would be able to enhance my skills and possibly
exceed my own expectations. LANGUAGES
English (Native)
WORK EXPERIENCE French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)
Certified Fitness Instructor
Fit Body Bootcamp - June 2016 - 2019
Responsibilities: INTERESTS
= Work with a handful of clients directly to develop personal fitness goals. Climbing
= Promote club programs, products, and services to participants, Snowboarding
= Design each class to match the skill and leaming levels of all Reeane
participants Clean and organize studio after each group fitness.
= Keep track of each class size and gauge effectiveness of each class,
= Progressive Leasing Customer Service Representative 08/2015/04/2016
Address customer service Inquiries In atimely and accurate fashion. REFERENCES
« Give accurate and appropriate Information to answer questions, Reference - 1 (Company
troubleshoot issues, and resolve complaints. Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
= Processed payments as well as arranged payment plans, Narne)

Fitness Instructor
Chaos Training - 2012 - 2016

Re sponsibilities:

Education
Diplorna - (Wayne State University)

Scheduled every workout, made sure each person perform their workout
to best of their ability.

Designed circuit daily for each workout plan.

Clients were able to perform workout dernonstrated correctly,

Any poor technique was corrected and performed right.

Everyone was able to cornplete workout,

Skills Used Motivational skills, kinesiology skill to help each client on
their level and lift them to a higher level.

During workout | will make sure all techniques are correct and trainees
get a full range of motion, prevent any strain; pull or tare,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines