NESS CONSULTANT SAMPLE RESUME

1025 Market Seroet, Lafayetic, LA 70508
(337) 204-5645
joan dood gmail cons

Personal Trainer with 12+ years af experience in coaching, mentoring and fitness program development seeking a position
as a Fitness Consultant, Possesses an AS. in Sports and Fitness and is a Certified Fitness Professional (NASM).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DAY UNIFIED HEALTH AND WELLNESS New Orleans, LA
Personal Trainer September 2002 — Present
e Assist keg a ge in creating sustainable health goals and plans.
¢ Conduct fitness consultations, create fitness programs.
¢ Follow-up with employee, track fitness gains and input into database.
© Participate in weekly meetings with Wellness Management Team; brainstorm to develop new
programs for employee wellness enhancement.
¢ Progress individual employees’ fitness programs to ensure optimal change and progress; administer
monthly one-on-one fitness evaluations.

BRIGHT STARTS ACADEMY Baton Rouge, LA
Gym Teacher July 1997 — August 2002
© Created curriculum and guided children through lessons and games.
© Taught school-aged chih principles of team building and play, self-respect and respect for
others and personal hygiene.
e Collaborated with school officials to create lessons geared toward understanding adolescence,
puberty and development.
. aa intramural competitions in select sports such as volleyball, handball, soccer and
softball.
¢ Encouraged personal responsibility and accountability in organized activities; created a schedule for
students to manage clean-up and set-up after class, appointing a monitor to lead the activity.

EDUCATION

COWELL UNIVERSITY Lafayette, LA
Associates of Science in Sports and Fitness, June 1997

e Graduated with Honors

¢ Captain of 4 intramural teams

© Volunteer basketball/soccer coach at local YMCA

ITION I

Current knowledge and understanding of exercise science and nutrition.
Excellent with Microsoft Suite

Certified Pilates instructor

Dynamic interpersonal skills and great work ethic

Compassion, patience and drive to motivate customers in goal attainment.

eeneee

ADDITIONAL SECTION

¢ Certified Fitmess Professional, National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM)
¢ Certified Pilates Instructor, Half Moon Pilates