Fitness Instructor

ROBERT SMITH

Objective

Experienced administrative, custorner service, and healthcare professional with over three years
of experience in multiple departments at a five star Medicare rated and also rated one of the best

nursing facilities in America, skilled nursing facility Skills include scheduling, Imventory
management, health insurance navigation, and data entry.

Skills

Customer Service, Inventory Management, Interpersonal Cormmunication.

Work Experience

Fitness Instructor
ABC Corporation - March 2004 - Decernber 2005

Developed and Implemented group general fitness, weight loss, and sports-specific exercise

programs for clients with a broad range of fitness levels and goals,
Increased class attendance to the maximurn limit (25 per class),

Instructed Physical Education classes for credit by creating a syllabus each semester and
executing each goal as required.

Mernber Services Respresentative Assisted with handling calls, data entry, and processing of

membership files.

Registered patrons for memberships, locker rentals, dally passes, and Fitness and Aquatic
programs.

Health Fitness Specialist Assisted with scheduling of activities and events for the fitness
center.

Maintained facility equipment according to all safety and infection control policies,

Fitness Instructor
ABC Corporation - 1999 - 2004

Cultivated positive relationships with participants by Interacting with thern during group
fitness classes,

Promoted fitness center programs such as the youth and adult swim tearn programs.
Explained exercise modifications and contraindicated movernents to participants with a
history of Injury.

Consistently met daily class attendance goals.

Explained the use of exercise equipment to all participants, prioritizing safety at all times.
Greeted all members in a professional and friendly manner.

Immediately reported any damaged or broken equipment.

Education

education - (Healthcare Academy required - Carnbridge, MA)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines

Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com
Website; www.qwikresurme.corm
Linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,