Health Fitness Specialist Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Health Fitness Specialist Utilize work experience and educational skills in a team-oriented field to
support, learn and grow in anew atmosphere.

Skills

Powerchart Cerner, Microsoft Word/Works, Excel, Powerpoint, Group Exercise Instructor, Personal
Trainer.

Work Experience

Health Fitness Specialist
Dalichi Sankyo - June 2016 - 2020

.

Provides individual and group exercise instruction; educates participants on proper techniques
to maximize exercise safety and effectiveness.

Conducts fitness testing and assessments and advises participants of results; designs
individualized prograrns to meet the members interests, abilities and goals.

Assists with the development and delivery of a variety of HealthFitness and prograrmn-specific
health improvement programs and promotions,

Participates In membership drives to acquire new members; enrolls new participants and
conducts facility, program and equipment orientations,

Promotes program offerings and conducts outreach activities to Increase participation and re-
engage inactive members,

Creates and maintains bulletin boards, newsletters and other marketing and comrnunication
materials.

Supervise and monitor exercise participants Design Samp; Implement of workout proagrarns,
along with health prornotion programs Perform administrative tasks associated with facility
operations,

Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2016

Responsible for directly increasing daily participation, retention and growing mernbership.

Conducts fitness testing and assessrnents and advises participants of results; designs

individualized prograrns to meet the participants interests, abilities and goals.

Coordinates and leads a variety of program-specific health improvement programs &

prornotions,

Create monthly health and wellness newsletter, bulletin boards, and other marketing &

cornmunication materials.

Generate new program offerings and conducts outreach activities that increase participation

and re-engage Inactive mernbers,

Instruct group exercise classes and increased group exercise class participation by 10
ercent.

Ginene equipment inventory and specified purchases of new fitness equipment.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines