ROBERT SMITH
Senior Health Fitness Specialist

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Highly qualitied Fitness Specialist with experience in the industry. Enjoy creative problem solving and
getting exposure on multiple projects. and | would excel in the collabomtive enviranment on which your
company prides itself,

ShILLS

Fluent in Microsoft Ward, Excel, Access und PowerPoint.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Health Fitness Specialist
Healthways- Honeywell - July 201 —2019

Monitor facility; interact with participants and monitor equipment and participant safety.
Provide individual und group exercise instruction: educate participants on proper techniques to
muximize exercise safety and effectiveness.

Enroll new: purticipants and conduct facility, progmm and equipment onentations.

Create, develop and implement health incentive programs for Honeywell employees in order to
increase member participation and use of onsite gym,

Create and maintain bulletin bourds, newsletters, and other murketing &amp; communication
materials,

Perform administrative tusks such as performing monthly usage mparts, ordering and stocking
supplies for fitness center, enrolling and cancelling members, scheduling appointments, and
assisting in pew member orientations,

Work hand in hand with Fitness Manuger to train new subs und new hires for the Fitness Specialist
position,

Fitness Specialist
ABC Corpomtion- 2011-2015

I was the fitness specialist for children ages 3-5.

Taught the young students about the importance of exercising and | showed them fun games where
they can implement physical activity and have lots af fun while daing so.

Used games to exercise their locomotor skills to flex their hasic movements at their tensor age.
These kids were amazing, they had fun with a lotof my games and they also learned a Jot of the
terminology that people use in gyms.

Atsuch a young age that is huge, und it is alsoa big step into a future healthy life,

Skills Used | used great communication skills such as sungs to sing along with the games/exermcises,
and | made sure! got their attention:

Kids respond well to routine things and they do not get bored easily when it cames to physical
activity .

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines