Robert Smith

Fitness Specialist II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Extensive experience inthe wellness and fitness Industry and sales, | would
be a great asset to any company seeking a sales representative in health
and wellness industries. Currently an Independent fitness business owner
and have successfully marketed individual and corporate fitness programs.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fitness Specialist iil
Centaur Wellness - January 2003 - 2019
Re sponsibilities:

= Facilitate corporate and individual fitness programs,

* Train staff on fitness industry updates and coaches personal trainers on
professional conduct.

= Provide consultation to corporations on the set-up of superior, cutting
edge fitness facilities,

= Counsel clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits,

« Provide clients and groups of all ages through personal workout,
strength and conditioning, and speed and agility training.

« Established a long-terrn cooperate fitness contract with national
company Effectively marketed fitness services Dernonstrated extensive
knowledge of fitness and wellness equipment and products Provided
flexible scheduling for clients.

= Built a wellness culture in company Skills Used Superior communication
skills Enthusiastic and energetic Savvy negotiating.

Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation- 1999 - 2003
Re sponsibilities:
= Maintain client profile with workout history, progress in measurements,
account balance.
= Maintain cleanliness of gyrn and maintain equipment.
« Maintain client/member relationships.
* Maintained and applied safety and occupational health laws,
regulations, principles, theories, practices, and/or procedure.
« Maintain client health history files and exercise progressions.
= Analyze session with client to solve and pinpoint performance issues
and opportunities to correct.
= Attend bimonthly business meetings to discuss business progression
and trouble areas for self and lacation.,

Education

Post Graduate Studies in Exercise Physiology - 1980(Lamar
University - Beaumont, TX)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Word, Ernail, Social
Media,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)