Robert Smith

Fitness Coach/Trainer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 10+ years of proven leadership and experience in the military and
private sector. Accomplished measurable results in personnel and project
management in various fields including aviation electronics technician,
piloting rotary aircraft, oilfield operations, and coaching in the health and
fitness Industry, Conducted global operations in support of Operations
Enduring and lraqi Freedom,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fitness Coach/Trainer
Revolution Fitness Club- December 2015 - 2019
Re sponsibilities:
« Creates and implements weekly workouts to improve overall fitness and
prevent injury
= Motivates and instructs clients in order to help thern reach their goals.
= Records clients metrics to demonstrate progress.
= Make constant adjustments to each specific clients program to ensure
they continue to reach their goals.
« Provides nutritional, fitness, and wellness related advice.
= Provides incomparable customer assistance and presents an
impeccable work environment,
* Assists in Sales for the company by conducting sales consultations with
80% conversion rate.

Fitness Coach
Rocketta Fitness- 2013 - 2015
Re sponsibilities:
= Asafitness coach for the cormpany that sells P90X and Insanity | help
others to a healthier way of living,
= By motivating thern, supporting them, and inspiring thern,
« Have created my own online fitness business offering a plethora of help,
products, motivation and support.
= Website maintainer and designer.
= Ensure website ls up to date and current with promotions and products.
= Keep track of cliental and their goals.
= Use several social.

Education

Psychology - August 2008(Elizabeth City State University - Elizabeth
City, NC)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Health Insurance plans,
Nursing background,
Medical terminology.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)