PETER CONNOLLY

London Cleaner - Fitness Studio

johndoe@email.com London, UK

SUMMARY

Motivated and highly pragmatic cleaner with a passion for fitness. Dedicated to
providing efficient, friendly, and personalised service to clients. Skilled in using
chemicals safely and effectively and maintaining health and safety standards.

EXPERIENCE
Cleaner Present
Barry's London, UK

Completed cleaning responsibilities in a timely and professional manner resulting in
an efficient, friendly, consistent, and personalised service to clients. Thoroughly
checked and maintained all areas of the studio and used own initiative to complete
any outstanding tasks or address cleaning requirements where necessary.
Prioritised urgent jobs that impacted clients experience within the studio.

« Maintained health and safety standards by inspecting and cleaning shower
areas e.g. floors, tiles, and cubicle doors between classes resulting in a hygienic
environment for clients.

« Ensured the changing room and toilet areas were checked regularly as per
cleaning schedule, paying particular attention to restocking all changing room
items.

« Attended relevant training as and when required such as cleaning updates
within our studios, training to use new products, chemicals, equipment, and
health and safety.

« Complied with legal obligations and internal company policies and procedures.

« Used all cleaning equipment and machinery effectively as trained, using the
correct equipment for each job as per the cleaning schedule.

Housekeeper
Hilton London, UK

Provided housekeeping services to hotel guests resulting in a clean and
comfortable environment. Cleaned guest rooms, bathrooms, and public areas.
Replenished supplies such as towels and bathroom items.

¢ Ensured all areas were cleaned thoroughly and to a high standard resulting ina
positive guest experience.

¢ Worked efficiently to complete tasks within given timeframes resulting in a
smooth running operation.

¢« Reported any maintenance issues to the appropriate department resulting in
prompt resolutions.

¢ Maintained high standards of cleanliness and hygiene in line with both Company
and legal requirements.

Powered by C7 Ennancy www.enhancv.com

STRENGTHS

“Efficient

Achieved 100% cleanliness
rating in previous cleaning role.

# Detail-oriented

Identified and reported
maintenance issues
proactively, resulting in prompt
resolution.

Reliable

Consistently completed all
tasks on time and to a high
standard in previous roles.

SKILLS

Cleaning - Health and safety -
Time management -
Attention to detail -

Customer service - Teamwork

ACHIEVEMENTS

Y Completing Health and
Safety training

Achieved certification in
manual handling and other
required courses.

Client satisfaction

Received positive feedback
from clients for exceptional
cleaning standards.

AWARDS

wv Employee of the Month

Recognized for exceptional
work ethic and dedication in
previous role.