Robert Smith

Senior Health Fitness Specialist

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly qualified Fitness Specialist with experience In the Industry. Enjoy
creative problem solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and |
would excel in the collaborative environment on which your cormpany
prides itself,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Heatth Fitness Specialist
Healthways - Honeywell - July 2015 - 2019

Re sponsibilities:

Monitor facility; interact with participants and monitor equipment and
participant safety.

Provide individual and group exercise instruction; educate participants
on proper techniques to maximize exercise safety and effectiveness.
Enroll new participants and conduct facility, prograrn and equipment
orientations,

Create, develop and implement health incentive programs for
Honeywell employees in order to increase member participation and
use of onsite gym,

Create and maintain bulletin boards, newsletters, and other marketing
&armp; communication materials.

Perform administrative tasks such as performing monthly usage reports,
ordering and stocking supplies for fitness center, enrolling and
cancelling members, scheduling appointments, and assisting in hew
member orientations,

Work hand in hand with Fitness Manager to train new subs and new
hires for the Fitness Specialist position.

Fitness Specialist

ABC Corporation -

2011-2015

Responsibilities:

| was the fitness specialist for children ages 3-5.

Taught the young students about the importance of exercising and |
showed thern fun garnes where they can implement physical activity
and have lots of fun while doing so.

Used games to exercise their locornotor skills to flex their basic
movements at their tensor age.

These kids were amazing, they had fun with alot of my garnes and they
also learned a lot of the terminology that people use in gyms,

At such a young age that is huge, and it is also a big step into a future
healthy life,

Skills Used | used great communication skills such as songs to sing
along with the games/exercises, and| made sure | got their attention.
Kids respond well to routine things and they do not get bored easily
when it comes to physical activity.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Fluent In Microsoft Word,
Excel, Access and
PowerPoint,

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Cormpany
Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)