Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Website > www qwikre sure, corm
Health Fitness Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Specialist/Representative Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
To obtain a position in which can utilize fitness background and encourage others to strive for a
healthy lifestyle,
SKILLS

Prescribing exercise to clinical,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Health Fitness Specialist/Representative
ABC Corporation - April 2003 - Septernber 2005

.

Responsible for directly increasing daily participation, retention and growing membership.

Conducts fitness testing and assessments and advises participants of results; designs

individualized programs to meet the participants interests, abilities and goals.

Coordinates and |eads a variety of prograrn-specific health improvement prograrns Sarnp;

promotions,

Create monthly health and wellness newsletter, bulletin boards, and other rnarketing Samp;

communication materials.

Generate new program offerings and conducts outreach activities that Increase participation

and re-endage inactive members,

Instruct group exercise classes and increased group exercise class participation by 10
ercent.

Renae equiprnent Inventory and specified purchases of new fitness equipment,

Health Fitness Specialist
HEALTH FITNESS - 2001 - 2003

.

Created and implemented multiple health programs for the cornpany that were executed at
sites in Connecticut, Tennessee, Philadelphia, and Arizona.

Facilitated several charity events for breast cancer and diabetes in which reports and success
stories were shared with direct management.

Led initial branding, planning, and messaging of programs to employees of multiple
businesses to leverage the success of the outreach and marketing of prograrns.

Key Contributions -Led the first weight loss program run from the program site to the historic
Philadelphia Art Museurn.

Created Incentivized program that led to 15 women losing 10-15lbs In under 6 weeks -Ran
multiple off-site events to prornote the brand to outside prospective clients, which resulted in
a sponsorship by the Philadelphia Run athletics store..

This is Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
This iS Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science and Adult Fitness - (Montclair State University -
Montclair, Nj)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings