David Warren, Personal DETAILS

Trainer —

NEW YORK, 10005, USA +: 890-555-0401 New York, 10005, USA

890-555-0401

email@email.com

PROFILE

DATE / PLACE OF BIRTH
High energy Personal Trainer with 8 years experience in personal and group fitness. Proven

track record in motivating clients to safely achieve weight loss goals through detailed and 1995/20/03
effective diet plans. Certified ACE Instructor with CPR training and a talent for developing New York
fitness programs that exceed revenue targets and increase memberships.
NATIONALITY
USA

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

DRIVING LICENSE

Personal Trainer, Blink Fitness Full
u

Mar 2016 — Present, New York

Blink Fitness is an inclusive fitness brand with state-of-the-art gyms in more than 90 locations

SKILLS

across the US. As the Personal Trainer, my core activities include:

e Preparing comprehensive diet plans based on clients weight and health goals. Knowledge in Nutrition
e Assisting with marketing efforts to retain existing clients.

e Leading fitness groups of 10-20 clients three times per week.

e Developing new fitness workshops. Increased new memberships by 32% by end of 2017. ECOniclent at Bales

e Tracking client progress using specialized software to generate accurate reports.
Self-motivated
Personal Trainer, Astor Place

Apr 2011 — Feb 2016, New York Organized

NYSC Flagship Astor Place is a high-end health club in New York. As the Personal Trainer, my
core activities included: Energetic and upbeat
e Designing and implementing tailored fitness programs for upscale clients.
e Training 70 clients per month where 85% reached their fitness goals within six weeks. Effective communicator
e Advising individual clients on health, nutrition, and lifestyle changes.
e Providing clients with safe and effective exercises they can perform at home.

e Demonstrating exercises for all clients to ensure proper technique.

Personal Fitness Trainer, Crunch Fitness
May 2008 — Feb 2011, New York

Crunch is a health club chain that leads the industry in fusing fitness and entertainment. As the
Personal Trainer, my core activities included:
e Designing one-on-one nutritional plans for clients. More than 87% achieved their weight
loss goals.
e Introducing new gym members to personal training packages and conducting tours of the
health club.

e Ensuring proper use and cleanliness of gym equipment.

e Participating in PT Department meetings and promotional events.

EDUCATION