Delroy Jefferson

232 Perry Drive

North Brunswick, Principal Areas of Practice

New Jersey 08902 Health Club Management, Fadlity Operations, Budgeting and Forecasting, Sales &
(732) 421-3113 Marketing, Fitness & Wellness Programming, Human Resoure Management,

delroy.jefferson@yahoo.com | Professional Development and Training for all Health Club Departments induding
Mem bership Sales, Personal ‘Training Sales and Im plementation, Aquatic Sales, Spa Sales,
Customer Service, Management Assistance, and Customer Service and Qualiry
Assurances, Devedopment and Integration of Promotions and Cross Promotions both
Internally and Externally, Monitoring of Local Industry, and Marketing and Advertising.

Areas of Practice

Commeraal Fitness Facilities Professional Experience

Private Health Clubs

Fitness & Wedlness Program ming Private Personal Trainer-New Jersey December 2013 - present
Personal Training © Educated dientele on fundamentals of nutrition ard exercise.

© Prepared and implemented weight training and cardiovascular programs for clientek
e Developed nutntionand supplementation plans fordiverse clientele

Senior Personal Trainer - Work Ow World, Raison, Naw Jersey June 2012— October 2013
© Educated clientele on fundamentals of nutrition and exercise.
© Prepared and implemented weight training and cardiovascular programs for clientele
© Developed nutrition and supplementation plans for diverse clientele.

Technology Proficiency
Miqosoft Office Suite, induding,
Exel, Acess, Worl, PowerPoint,
and Publisher.

Co-Owner / Manager- NumlersHaxith & Fitness, Perth Amboy, Nav Jersey June 2011 —May 2012
© Prepared budgets and forecasts for facility revenue; for all departments including
membership sales, aquatics, spa, personal training, café, and kids’ club.

e Created marketing and advertising scheme to increase membership and revenue center
modules. profits.

Check Pree Health Club
Management, Aphelion, and other
health dub management software

® Acquired and maintained fitness equipment and respective contracts.
Gulf Payments, Payfuse © Responsible for all staffing, scheduling, and payroll for over fifty (50) employees.
Commere Exchange, and other © Prepared professional development workshapsand meetings for all staff.
merchant account applicanons. © Monitored professional growth of staff through regular performance reviews and
mentoring.
Constant Contaa © Initiated cross promotions w ith various companies in the community.

Education/ Qualifications Co-Owner / Manager - Liftatyh Embarnvem ent Training Systems, New Jersey 9 Mareh2010-M ay 2011
MBA, Finane, St. John's

University, New York
. Personal Trainer - Work On World, North Brawwirk, NewJersy November 2009- Nov 2010
BBA, Finan & Ewnomic;, e Educated clientele on fundamentals of nutntion and exercise.
Bamch College, New York © Prepared and implemented weight training and cardiovascular programs for clientele
© Developed nutrition and aipplementation plans for diverse clientele.
International Sports Saene
Assoaation (ISSA) Cemified

: Private Personal Trainer - New Jersey February 2007 - August 2007
Personal ‘Trainer ;

@ Educated clientele on fundamentals of nutrition and exercise.
© Prepared and implemented weight training and cardiovascular programs for clientek
@ Developed nutrition and saipplementation plans for diverse clientele.

The Amenecan Aerobic General Manager = SAy Club Fittess & Spa, Hoinken, New Jersey August2007 —August 2008

Assoqation International and © Prepared budgets and forecasts for facility revenue; for all departments including

International Sports Mediane membership sales, aquatics, spa, personal training, café, and kids’ club.

Assocation (AAAI/ISMA). © Created marketing and advertising scheme to increase membership and revenue center
profits.

©@ Acquired and maintained fitness equipment and respective cantracts.