Group Fitness Instructor CV Sample

{Justin Ross/222 Some Road/Some Town/01234 777444 /justinross@somemail.com

Professional Summary

Experienced group fitness instructor with the drive and knowledge and enthusiasm to apply
the correct fitness techniques to help clients to achieve their goals. Specialist in the areas of
person fitness and nutrition, able to analyse the fitness anc health levels of different clients
and help them to create and stick to specific training programmes. Enjoys inspiring other
people to work for the progress they wont fo make.

Core Qualifications

Bachelor of Science: Exercise Science at London University — London, England

Professional Qualifications

@ CPR, first cid and AED.
® Cross Fit Level 2 Instructor.
@ Coach's Prep Certified.

Academic Qualifications

Bachelor of Science: Exercise Science at London University — London, England, 2008-2011 A
levels: Physical Education {A} English (B) Science (B) Maths (B}

Key Skills

® Motivating a group to achieve their fitness goals.
® Group exercise leadership.

® Nutrition and diet advise.

® Exercise modification and injury prevention.

Work Experience
Group Fitness Instructor at Levels Gym, London — 2013-Present Day

Designing fitness classes to suit the fitness levels of all participants.

Providing advice on the best diets to follow for different clients.

Motivating clients individually and as a group.

Monitoring clients and providing advice on the best way to perform certain exercises.

Personal Fitness Trainer — London September 2009 — March 2013

Designing personal training programmes for clients.

Performing light first cid as and when needed.

Instructing clients on the best workout methods for their goals.

Helping clients to stick to a training schedule.

Preparing equipment for workout sessions including music and fitness questionnaires.

References

References are available on request. This straight forward group fitness instructor CV sample is
one of a multitude of different methods and materials that can be used to gain important
insights into the exercise of CV writing. Job hunters who are searching for further direction
should also take a look at the special tools as well as the CV builder that are available for use
on this site.