JASON BROWN

@) 8888 Academy Drive, 888 = Auburn, Alabama 36830
@ 888.888.8888 09 jbrown@yahoo.com

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER
PROFILE

Proactive professional with several years of human resource, management and supervisory experience. Proven abilities in
organizing management workflow and using a proactive approach to problem solving. Demonstrate commitment to
leadership through positive contributions in boosting employee morale, improving retention and productivity rates, and
streamlining policies and procedures. Possess strong communication, interpersonal, public relations, and leadership
abilities.

Key EXPERTISE

Staff Recruitment & Development
Quality & Performance Management
HR Policies, Processes & Procedures
Compensation Administration

Mentoring/Work-Life Balance Programs
Leadership Coaching & Counseling
Change & Conflict Management
Employee Relations

RELATED EXPERIENCE

* Administered compensation, benefits and performance management systems, and safety and recreation programs.
Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants.

* Performed difficult staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firing employees, and
administering disciplinary procedures.

* Analyzed and modified compensation and benefits policies to establish competitive programs and ensure
compliance with legal requirements.

* Planned, directed, supervised, and coordinated work activities of subordinates and staff relating to employment,
compensation, labor relations, and employee relations.

« Analyzed training needs to design employee development, language training and health and safety programs.

OTHER EXPERIENCE

PALMER BROS. LAWN CARE * BIRMINGHAM, AL
MANAGER/OWNER 2003-2006
=" Managed and directed the lawn care business for 3 years, handling the advertising and marketing of the company.
* Oversaw daily operations of the business and ensured customer satisfaction and delivery of service in timely
manner.
= Formulated strategies to make the business more profitable.

JOHNNY RAY’s BBQ ® BIRMINGHAM, AL
MANAGER 2004
* Supervised, hired and trained staffs, as well as organized work schedules.
= Resolved customer complaints and ensured delivery of quality customer service.
* Ensured compliance of restaurant with health and safety regulations.

BIRMINGHAM PUBLIC LIBRARY ARCHIVES
JUNIOR ARCHIVIST SPRING 200
* Archived photos from historic Homewood, Mtn. Brook, and Vestavia, a sub-division of Birmingham that is rich in
architecture.
= Ensured that all information was entered accurately into the master computer by matching photos with correct
information.

SOUTH EASTERN DISTRIBUTORS
WEBMASTER 2004
"  Single-handedly updated all data, as well as developed and built the web site.
= Designed and developed ads for selling restaurant equipment.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in History; Minor in Criminal Justice * 2003
University of Alabama, Birmingham, AL