Your Name

Address e Town, Post Code e Phone e Email

HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST

Certified Professional in Human Resources (PHR) with addinenal state certification in California
(PHR-CA| offering a 4-year HR career distinguished by commended performance and proven results

Extensive background in HR generalist affairs, including experience in employee recruitment and
retention, stall development, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation, HR records
management, HR policies development and legal compliance.

Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs,
and writing personnel manuals, corporate policies, job descriptions and management reports.

HR SKILLS

ee eee

HR Department Startup Staff Recruitment & Retention
Employment Law Employee Relations

° Orientatian & On Boarding
.
FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC @ Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR}
e
.

HRIS Technologies

Training & Development
Performance Management
Organizational Development

Mediation & Advocacy Benefits Administration
HR Policies & Procedures HR Program/Project Management

GS Oe @S

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC COMPANY — Los Angeles, CA

Provides vores and data communicanons systems for small and mid sized companies

HR Generalist, 2002 to Present

Recruited to help open new company branch in Los Angeles, guiding the startup and management of a
full spectrum of HIR operations, systems and programs. Worked with senior management to create HR
policies and procedures: recruit employees; create group benefits databases: and develop orientauon,
training and incentive programs, Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer
benefits enrollment and programs; administer HR budget: and handle HR generalist workplace issues.

Key Results:

@ = §6Played a key role in ensuring the successful launch of Los Angeles office. Structured and
implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits
packages, incentives and new-employee orientation.

@ # Fostered a teamwork) open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the
orgamzation. Personal efforts were cited as the driving foree behind branch's employee-retention
rate of 89", within an industry where bigh turnover is the norm.

* Negotiated approximately 50 salary offers and dozens of sign-on bonuses/ relocation packages
annually a1 both the exempt and nonexempt level.

@ = Brought workers’ compensation program into full compliance. Instituted preferred providers list
and trained managers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury

¢ Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping and ensuring that
company did not pay for benefits for which employees were meligible.

* Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA
policy and benefits information.

@ = Introduced company's first formal performance review program, creating a flexible and well
received tool that was later adopted company wide.

@ Revised job desenptions across all levels and 50+ categones. “Shadowed” and internewed
employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each pesition.