Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Senior HR Manager Website > voww.qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Acting as a trusted advisor to execute all external MD recruitment requirements to include
candidate ID, candidate development, candidate assessment, candidate presentation, and offer
extension Manage relationships with hiring sponsors,

SKILLS

HR, Managing Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior HR Manager
ABC Corporation - October 2010- September 2011

.

Prornoted to East Asia to work.on high Impact HR Assignments,

Reported to the Regional HRD.

Partnered with the Sales and Marketing leadership in deriving and executing key HR programs
which result in employee engagement and greater productivity Talent Acquisition Managed
the complete end ta end sales function hiring Including new joinee on boarding.

Responsible for University hiring and managing the one year Management Trainee prograrn,
Worked with the Managers in building a high performing work culture Designed and rolled out
the Sales reward and recognition program Managed the Regional Compensation and Global
Mobility prograrns for the Region to retain and move Internal talent globally.

Created, delivered Cross border offers.

Handled the post acquisition SSL maves Into China &armp; Thailand,

Senior HR Manager
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Integrating employee benefit programs related to new University acquisitions, mergers,
divestitures, and joint venture activities.

Participated Im the development and implementation of the PeopleSoft systern resulting in the
efficient Integration of each business process,

Prepared benefit surveys analyzing data and cornparing results to market trends and
producing ad-hoe reporting for management review,

Developed and facilitated on-site benefit plan presentations and training for employees.
Lead all centralized HR functions, Including payroll, benefits, workers cormpensation, medical
leave, compensation planning, compliance, employee.

Served as the main paint of contact and subject matter expert for the Headquarters,
International Security Assistance Force/ US Farces-Afghanistan.

Served as the Personal Adrninistrative and Logistical Noncornmissioned Officer for Soldier
Programs and Services Division, consisting of seven Army.

EDUCATION

MBA In Human Resources

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings