FIRST NAME LAST NAME

City * Phone * Email

Targeting roles in; HUMAN RESOURCES

Strategic. innovative and culturally diverse Human Resources professional with experience in planning,
developing, implementing and evaluating HR programs and policies. Skilled in analyzing organizational
needs and creating effective solutions that result in maximized efficiency and reduced overhead,
Exceptional interpersonal capabilities and written/verbal communication skills, thrives when working in a
dynamic, fast-paced environment and nurturing employee/client relationships. Strong knowledge of
Employee Standards Act. Adept in Microsott Office/SharePoint. Fluent in English, French and Ukrainian.

AREAS OF PROVEN PERFORMANCE

© Human Resources Management ¢ Health & Safety © Interpersonal Skills
¢ Training & Development ¢ Staff Scheduling © Organization

* Reporting & Analysis © Business Efficency * Conflict Resolution
* Strategic Planning, ¢ Team Leadership ¢ Communication

HUMAN RESOURCES EXPERIENCE

Title, Company Name, City Date
Independently managing HR for a restaxrant Inesiness with 25 employees

Playing key role in business expansion by performing resource requirement analysis and developing HR
initiatives to enable successful growth, such as the creation of a compliant health and safety committee,

Title, Company Name, City Date
Sole responsibility for HR i a company with 30 employees

* Provided expert advice to leadership and statf on resource management policies, procedures and
scheduling tools to develop and implement staffing strategies that maximized efficiency,

¢ Analyzed skill sets to provide resource recommendations to leadership and screened applicants to ensure
they had the qualifications required.

¢ Coordinated on-boarding and orientation plans for newly hired staff, including training sports coaches.

© Organized HR documentation and practices to fill gaps in compliance standards, including reviewing
application forms, waivers and employment contracts.

« Smoothed out the hiring process by merging the previously disjointed trial and probationary periods,

¢ Wrote letters of employment for immigrant employees and provided cultunal ingratiation support.

¢ Created an employee handbook, drafted contracts and wrote termination letters.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Human Resources Management, College Name. City Received Date

Bachelor of Science (Honours), Psychology (Biology Minor), University Name, City Graduated Date