SAVANNAH SULLIVAN

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.

Summary

com

Dedicated Human Resources Coordinator focused on developing efficient processes using knowledge of
recruiting, employee relations, training and development, and auditing. Highly efficient and well established in
administrative environments that are fast-paced and challenging. Currently pursuing Bachelor's of Science
Degree in Human Resource Management.

Highlights

New employee orientations
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Human resources audits
Maintains confidentiality
Quickbooks proficient

Employment tax knowledge
People-oriented
Organized

Experience

Human Resources Coordinator
Sanford Delivery Service

Receptionist

Explain human resources policies and procedures to all employees.

Respond to employee questions during the entrance and exit interview processes.
Facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths.

Select and interview candidates for all available positions.

Create job descriptions to attract a targeted talent pool within the market wage range.
Assess employee performance and issue disciplinary notices.

Work on 401(k) administration, FMLA, and workers' compensation claims and benefits.
Generate employee tracking reports each month.

HR policies and procedures expertise
Staff training and development

09/2009 to Current
New Cityland, CA

Offer consistent payroll disbursement and accurate record keeping of PTO and vacation.

Draft department-specific employee announcements.

Organize employee schedules, department phone lists, and business card orders.
Designed new employee packages and sent them via mail and e-mail.

Created social media initiatives for new employee search strategies.

Sanford Delivery Service

Typed documents and correspondence for owners and department managers.
Received and sorted packages and incoming mail.

Answered telephone system and greeted visitors.

Kept common areas clean and stocked.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Human Resource Management
New Cityland Community College
Top 5% of class

11/2006 to 08/2009

New Cityland, CA

2017
New Cityland, CA