Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

HR Generalist Website > voww.qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Extensive background in HR Generalist affairs, including experience in benefit and payroll
administration, employee recruitment, staff training & development. Follow legal regulatory
compliances and reporting. Demonstrated success in employee verifications, orientation and on-
boarding and off-boarding company procedures,

SKILLS

Management, Recruiting, Cornpensation, On-boarding, Generalist, Benefits, Payroll
WORK EXPERIENCE

HR Generalist
ABC Corporation - August 2013 - Present

Investigate and respond te employee issues such as complaints, harassment allegations, and
civil aan complaints with the assistance of the human resources rnanager and general
counsel.

Develop hurnan resources solutions by collecting and analyzing Inforrnation, coordinating
where necessary with general counsel and recommending the appropriate course of action.
Recruited by the previous supervisor to help establish a defined and competent corporate hr
department within a recently founded company, guiding the startup and management of a full
spectrum of hr operations, systems, and programs.

Recruited to develop a formal, fultscale recruiting program for all us operations and locations.
Assisted with project Implementation of a total rewards prograrn and introduction and
implernentation of a lean organization.

Resolved ernployee relations issues In local locations through Investigations, reporting, and
effective coaching,

Assisted In monitoring the absenteeism program and issuing progressive discipline.

HR Coordinator
ABC Corporation - August 2012 - August 2013

.

Tracked learning and development metrics, aggregated data for workforce analytics and
managed vendor relationships.

Contributed to the career framework project to determine job descriptions, titles, levels,
competencies and career paths of all ernplayees,

Calibrated the performance management reviews to ensure that they were specific,
measurable, attainable, realistic, and timebound,

This included determining if the manager reviews adequately supported thelr rating and to
flag any cornpliance issues.

Assisted benefits tearn with mailings and inquiries related to 401(k), medical, pension, and
other benefits.

Provided ongoing development of an learning and Ims role out plan with project plans,
training materials, and a marketing/cornmunications plan.

This also included helping to determine the need requirements of an Ims for the organization
and course selection,

EDUCATION

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings