GET IN CONTACT

Mob: (682) 230-7030
Email
elizhotll@resumesbot.com

Address: 436 Watson wood St

Unit 68, Dallas, TX 75253

SKILLS:

Great interpersonal skills
Solid probiem solving and
time management skills

Organizational Development

Performance Management
Excellent communication
skills (written and verbal
Strong attention to details
Available to changing
priorities and able to meet
deadlines in a fast paced
environment

EDUCATION HISTORY

UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS,

DALLAS, TX

Bachelor's Degree in Resources
Management 2010

COURSES:

* Certificate Program For HR
Generalists. 2017
¢ The HR Law Seminar, 2015

AWARDS:

e Won the Regional best HR
awards in 2015

ELIZABETH HOLLEY

HR GENERALIST
es

SUMMARY:

A mature professional with 8+ experience in Human Resources covering energy and
design sectors. Experienced in benefits administration, recruitment, adherence to
federal and state employment laws. Available hard working and meet deadlines in a
fast paced environment. Skilled interpersonal communicator with the ability to work
with high-performing and cross-functional teams or independently

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

HR GENERALIST
Morrison Supply Company- Dallas P.V.F | Apr 2017 - Present

e Administrated various human resource plans and procedures for all
organization personnel.
Conducted recruitment efforts for ali exempt and nonexempt personnel,
students and temporary employees: conducts new-employee
orientations: and writes and places job postings
Maintained human resource information system records and compiles
reports from the database.
Conducted recruitment efforts for all exempt and nonexempt personnel.
students and temporary employees; conducts new-employee
orientations: and writes and places job postings.
Advises customers regarding maintenance of software system

HR SPECIALIST
Atmos Energy Dallas Service Center | Sept 2014 - Feb 2017

e Created ad-hoc reports and metrics using internal systems for HR
leadership and executive teams.
Researched. initiated and monitored online and external recruitment
activities
Supported tocalt HR department with administrative duties.
Managed and handled of employee benefits, recruiting. interviewing or
hiring of staff in accordance with policy
Assisted employees and resolving work related issues such as leave of
absence and disputes
Collaborated with leaders across the company to help plan and execute
ongoing trainings and Talent Development events (e.g., team off-sites,
external Talent Development workshops)

JUNIOR HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST
Arora Designs | June 2012 - Aug 2014

Social media expertise -managed overall organizational social media
platform in regard to sourcing talent such as Linkedin, Indeed, Glassdoor,
ete

inputted data into database and generate reports

Assisted candidates with the onboarding process

Check out more Community and Human Service Resume Examples