Jonathan Burns
1414 Marcy Drive 1 Sometown, CA 90000 0 (714) 555-5555 5 jonathanburns(@somedomean.com

HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST

{ Certified Professional in Human Resources (PHR) with additional state certification in California (PHR-CA)
offering a1 4-yearHR career distinguished by commended perfomance and proven results.

[ Extensive background in HR generalist affairs, inducing experience in ernployee recruitment and retention, staff
development. mediation, conflict resdution, benefits and compensation. HR records management HR policies
devaopment and legal compliance

1 Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing
personnel manuals, corporate policies, job descriptions and management reports.

HR SKILLS
1 HRDepartment Startup 1 StaffRecruitment& Retention 1 Orientation & On-Boarding
1 Employment Law 1 Employee Relations 1 HARIS Technologies
1 FMLAJADA/EEOMIC 1 Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) 1 = Training & Development
1 Mediation & Acvvocacy 1 Benefits Administration 1 Performance Management
1 HRPolicies & Procedures 1 HRProgram/Project Management 1 Organizational Development

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC COMPANY — Los Angeles, CA
Provides voice and dala communicaiions sysiams tor smal and’ nuctsizec' compares.

HR Generalist, 2002 to Present

Recruited to help open new company branch inLos Angeles, guiding the startup and management of a full
spectrum of HR operations, systems and programs. Worked with senior managementto create HR policies and
procedures; recruitemployees; create qroup benefits databases; and develop orientation, training and incentive
programs. Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer benefits enrollment ancl
programs; administer HR budget and handle HR generalist workplace issues.

Key Results:

1 Played akeyrole in ensuring the successfullaunch ofLos Angeles office. Structured and implernented
programs and policies inthe areas oftraining, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and
new employee orientation.

1 Fostered ateamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive cialoque across the organization.
Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee-retention rate of 89% within an
industry where high turnover is the norm.

1 Negotiated approximately 50 salary offers and dozens of sign-on bonuses/relocation packages annually at
both the exempt and nonexempt level

1 Broughtworkers’ compensation program into full compliance. Instituted preferred providers list and trained
managers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury.

1 Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping and ensunng that company did
not pay for benefits for which employees were ineligible.

1 Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct FMLA policy
and benefits informaton.

1 = Introduced company’s firstformal performance review program, creating a flexible and well-receved tool that
was later adopted comparyawide.

1 Revisedjob descriptions across all levels and 50+ categones. “Shadowed” and interviewed employees to
construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.

Jonathan Burns Phone: (714) 555-5555 = Page Two

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (COWTIVUED)