JANICE GREENE, SPHR

909.555.5555 ¢ jareenesphn@hawnii sr.com
19291 Calmar Avenue * Honolulu, Hawaii 99861

HUMAN RESOURCES EXECUTIVE

Organizational Development * Best Practices * Acquisition Leadership

Accomplished HR Executive with extensive experience and consummate achievements building multiple best-in-
class organizations. A savvy tearn leader skilled in attracting the most qualified employces and matching therm to jobs
foc which they ace well suited. Pivotal contributor to senioc operating and leadership executives, pcoviding HR
leadecship for multiple acquisitions, from due diligence to convecsion. Innovative problem solver, strategic decision
maker, strong communicator.

Ermployee Relations (ER) ® Acquisitions Safety
Performance Management ¥® Labor Relations Benefits

HR Information Systerns (HRIS) ® Change Management Recruitment
Organizational Development (OD) ¥ Training & Development Compensation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ITYATT HOTELS CORPORATION, Leading brand iu the lodging indnsiry wiih morddwide locations 1984-2008
Fast-tack prometion through a senes of increasingly cesponsible HR leadership reles. Provided HR pandance to
senior leadership teams during acquisitions and hotel openings. Facilitated and delivered Hilton Core Management
courses in Management Fundamentals. Change Management, and Presentation Skills.

HYATT KILANI RESORT & SPA, Kalani, Hawaii
RESIDENT MANAGER 2000-2008
Partnered with General Manager and amassed best-ever generated EBITDA for this property, totaling
more than $4M. Served as second in command of a 4-diamond property with 387 rooms and more than 700
employees. Led the Hurnan Resources process dunng the hotel acquisiton process, from due diligence to
conversion,
Grew market share feorn 75% to 93% and improved occupancy rate from 67% to 38%,
Achieved and inceeased guest satisfaction to an average of 99% and eamed record results in sales.
Intcoduced new “At Your Service” department to create a one-stap concept to enhance customer
experience and meet and mantan Hilton standards.
Designed and facilitated a grand two-day “Welcome to Hilton” event for 100 associates following property
acquisition,
Won “Mavers and Shakers Award” for excellence in operations.

MOKI BEACH HYATT RESORT & SPA, Honolulu, Hawa
DIRECTOR of HUMAN RESOURCES 2000-2002
Senior [IR Exccutive fora unionized property challenged with retaining workforce during and after 9/11
event, Led a team of more Lhan 800 employees for 1310-rocr property.
Conceptualized, cornmmunicated, and implemented a plan to control wages and benefits costs. Scheduled
short-term cotating layolls, short work weeks, and other unique strategies to avoid permanent layoffs.
Conceived, developed, and inmoduced new programs after business stabilized that increased retention by ac
least 50% and cut staffing costs 21%,
Partnered with city of Honolulu and created a “Shaang of Aloha” program designed to honor New York
City 911 Firemen and their famulies at the property.