CAMERON LONG

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

Summary

Human Resources Manager with practical understanding of business needs. Highly effective at incorporating
creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting
deadlines and budget requirements.

Highlights
« Hiring and retention « Compensation administration
¢ Training and development « Regulatory compliance
* Compensation/payroll * Personnel records maintenance
e Employee relations « Exceptional interpersonal skills
* Labor agreements « Innovative
Accomplishments
e Reduced employee turnover by 20% through implementation of new incentive program and bonus
structure,

* Improved paperwork processing time by 50% by streamlining submission processes.
« Saved $150,000/year by reorganizing structure to eliminate unnecessary positions,

Experience

Human Resources Manager 08/2008 to Current
Grady's Department Stores New Cityland, CA

* Direct personnel, training, and labor relations activities.

e Advise managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.

e Conduct orientations to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.

e Identify staff vacancies and recruit, interview, and select applicants.

e Serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and

administering contracts, and helping resolve work-related problems to foster positive environment.
« Established new application protocols that increased interview applicant quality.
e Created new compensation structure that improved employee morale and boosted performance.

HR Generalist 02/2004 to 07/2008
Grady's Department Stores New Cityland, CA
* Responded to employee issues and questions in a timely manner.
e Updated company job descriptions to reflect changing roles.
« Met with all new hires to explain benefits, guidelines, and procedures.
e Redesigned employee handbook according to legal and benefit changes.

Education
Master of Science: Human Resource Management 2010
University of California New Cityland, CA
Bachelor of Science: Human Resource Management 2004

University of California New Cityland, CA