AREAS OF EXPERTISE
HR processes & systems

Contract docwment
Bemeration

Aecepling resignations
Besimess Admemrstretion
Note faking
Recreiiment ancthoxbologies
Employment tegistation
Answertug queries
Document management
Pqeuel opportunities
Absence mamegenent
Calendar meamagement
Pre-screening
Short-lsaiens cemedicdustes

CAREER STATEMENT

Anthony Brown
HR Assistant

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A competent and organised individual who is able to work 2s part of a team and
thanage severul peboritios wt any one time Anthawy hes « postive attrtade,
strong work ethic, and « keen desire w loarn and grow within « firm He
Larpemesin agksb ay coe pha anal always treats people with reepect

aad accocding to their individual needs ‘As a dodiesied protorcionsl be fully
understands the mportance of the HR department te any organisation, amd
therefore aims bo make any office he works in is effective anal efficsent a
pomible. Ife has extensve experience of working in commercially focussed
orgumsations and fully understands the pressures of schecving targets and
accurately exeeeng job appheants according to thea abulity
Right now he would like to work for a freendly and exceting company thet ix
hooking for a HR Assistent whe can reflect thett values of excellence & iuaility

CAREER HISTORY

Office -
HR ASSISTANT hal 2041 Present

Response fiw the full cenptoyce life sidan bor perma induction to exit,
and for providing (ull adosinistsative support to the HR Managers and Officers.
Also involved im the day te day-to-day running of the IIR office

© Ensure the department comples vith all recrantment Holveres, Laws, und
Repulanocs

© Writing np professional pob adverts,
© Potting together new employee sturter packs.
© Setting up, monitoring amd then tacking employee probationary poriods
© Carrying out background and reference checks on prospective employoos,
© Actiag as the first point of cuntact for unvone enquiring about 4 vacunoy.
© Maintenance vf the HR records and systems.
© Keeping mack of any empleree anniversaries and awards they ane duc
© Developing reports for senior HR Oticers om stall sack leuve, absences
and bobuuy leave
© Sereening plane calls, emails, letters and poewmal wivite
< pasteles Goncobsadh aaedour oaueae omens aisles
¢ Entorpreting and clanfying the companies HR polacees & practices.

dserance Company - Coventry

HR ASSESTANT = Feb 09 - Jul It

Was responsible for providing « (lest class prowetive edimineseretive HR support
service to colleagues in the Human Resource department. Also involved in
Providing asmstance in the recrustment and hirmg proces

© Arranged pre-employment mechcal examenstons

© Processed payroll mformation in a accurate and timely macmer.
© Updated and nuintained staff bulletin boards & newsletter,
© Vded electronic und hard copy documents

© Monitored the HR departments general expenditure.

© Handled alf empkryee for ame off requests and ynevances

© Sent out relevant conttectual wfvemeation.

© Prepared high quality paperwork and documensetian.
© Made fuvel amanpoments & organtsed sceommmedatiog foe senior managers