RESUME WORLD INC.
1200 Markham Road, Suite 108, Toronto, Ontario M1H 3C3

Tet: (416) 438.3606 / E-mail: infogpresumworid.ca

CAREER PROFILE
A Human Resources & Payroll Manager with over 15 years of progressive experience augmented by a

Expenenced in Payroll Administration, Administration, Talent/Performance
Management. HR Policy and Organizational Design,
Contract Negotiation, Job Costing Analysis, Management, and

People Progress Improvement,

Sound knowledge of Labour Relations. Occupational Heakh & Satety, Pay Equity

and other related labour laws. Proven ability to function as a Strategic HR Business Partner and develop
and implement successful human resources management strategies to support corporate mandate.

pcb et ae dsomta iho aa NEN Tire ste enkdingpatce. raat tere pertbomne cage cg
combined with supenor leadershyp. Se As Grane nian aie presentapon skills.
Salt-motvated wath the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, communicate effectively at all levets;
Manage Competing pnonves; and adapt readily t0 new Challenges.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CONSUMER PRODUCTS, Brampton, Ontario Mar 2006 — Present
Human Resources & Payroll Manager
Functon as a HR Generalist, responsiile for Payroll Admingésraton, Benetits/Compensation, Training &
Deveipment. Recrutment/Selecion and Employee Reianons, reporting to the AGM/Controiier

* Manage and process biweekly payroll for 200 salanied/hourly employees using Ceridian Insync

* Coach managers on the process of evaluating employees. setting goals, conducting objective

* Handle employee terminations, gievance and other difficult situations in a sensitive, fair and
* identify talent and aspirations of indnidual employees and provide coaching aimed at modvating

© Develop job profiles and source candidates from major jab boards: select. interview and hire 76
employees in cofaborason wath department managers

* Plan and develop omthejob waiming programs for line employees and career development
programs for managers with a focus on retaining existing talent and reducing employee turnover

Accomplishments

* Established and maintained proper stuctures and processes to wack time and altendance,
vacations. STDOVLTD and other actwites resulting in efficiency gains of 33%

* tmplenented Payroll and HR pobcies resulang im annual Cost savings of $237,000

* tmproved “employer branding” by working with the IT department to design, develop and launch the
company’s tirst career site

AMPOAH CONTRACTING CO., LTD., Harifton, Ontario 2000 - 2005

Directed and efficiently managed the Human Resources, Accounting and Adminstration functions for the

people management
© Admunistered payrall for 1,710 employees, including Benefits Package and RRSP Plans
« Established an open channel of commurtcation enabling employees quick and easy access to
information such as Benefits. Training and Development and opportunities for career advancement

© Created a training program to develop employees to meet both core and job competency gaps
© Ne@goGated gnevances and liatsed with Workers Safely insurance Goard for Clans processing and
coordinating return to work program
Cantimiues