Mary Young

14 Pike Road Phone: (814) 123-4567
Erie, PA 16507 resumepowersample@email.com

GOAL: HUMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST

e Dynamic, performance-driven professional with a master’s degree in labor studies, seeking an entry-level
HR position with a large company. Extensive knowledge of labor laws and excellent negotiating skills.

e Recognized for leadership skills, project completions, and willingness to assume additional responsibilities.

e¢ Self-motivated with a passion to achieve objectives through dedication, integrity, trust, and hard work.

EDUCATION

TEMPLE UNIVERSITY Philadelphia, PA

Master of Science, Labor Studies, 2010
e Internship: Operating Engineers — New Hope, PA, 2009
e Related Courses: Labor Arbitration, Composition of Labor Movements, Labor and Employment Law, Labor
History, Labor Research Practicum, Collective Bargaining, Current Issues in Labor, Financial Analysis
QUEENS COLLEGE Flushing, NY
Bachelor of Arts, Major in Sociology, 2007

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC SPORTS COMPANY Philadelphia, PA

Sales Manager, 2009 to present — Oversee daily operations and sales performance for sporting goods
emporium. Interact with people of diverse backgrounds and provide impeccable customer service.

e Expanded company’s product line and increased sales by 22% (2000 YTD) by targeting local market and
initiating successful promotional campaigns.

e Added radio spots to advertising mix to increase sales and visibility in local arena. Promotions enhanced
company’s image and directly increased the number of shoppers.

e Built and established loyal customer base in local market, generating repeat business and referrals.

&

Organized window displays to entice tourists and locals to enter the store.

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE Philadelphia, PA
Sorter / Unloader, 1998 to 1999 — Unloaded tractor-trailer trucks.

e Developed strategy for faster delivery and won approval to implement plan; promoted to sorter.

ACE ELECTRIC COMPANY Astoria, NY

Machinist, 1992 to 1995 — Operated punch press and performed routine equipment maintenance.
e Participated in “High Involvement” program, serving as production representative and shop steward.

e Established credibility and trust with workers, which contributed to improved performance, productivity,
and safety.