City, State

nd ie]
Miranda Kerr « oo-000.0000
email@email.cam

HR Assistant

Summary

Enthusiastic, adaptable, and resourceful individual with a good experience of having a wide level of
responsibilities in monitoring and maintaining records, verifying and recording daily strength and reporting
the status. A strong communicator with good interpersonal skills and a good grasp of team management.
Contributed extensively to teamwork and always displays a willing and helpful manner when resolving,
analyzing, and investigating various process related discrepancies.

Work Experience

© Preparing and posting out exit interview and pay review notification letters.
2014-09 - Present ® Responsible for dealing with the employment reference requests and valuing performance
queries.

* Preparing Routine Orders:
© Weekly job ads bulletin for HC and compiling spreadsheets.

© Updating electronic personnel files on Mercer and searching employee records in order to
attain information for authorized people within the company.
© Setting appointments, arranging a meeting, and taking minutes under the agenda.

Neterson Technologies HR Administrator
© Data entry of accounts.
2012-06 - 2014-08 © Upkeep of Staff Personal Data.

® Basic clerical duties, typing, filing, etc.

© Organized Company family day outings.

© Updated staff sick leave and annual leave.

® Planned training schedules for relevant staff.

© Updated addresses of foreign workers online.

e Arranged for interviews and booking of interview rooms.

Le Bernardin Trainee Assistant Manager

© Assisted in the responsibility for restaurant outcomes including increased sales, profitability

2008-01 - 2012-05 and employee retention.

® Implemented marketing plans, maintained inventory, managed labor and used financial
reporting to enhance restaurant results.

© Directed efficient and accurate preparation of sale of products for prompt customer delivery
within the established speed of service and food safety guidelines.

e Supervised and trained both team members and shift leaders on team stations, products,
processes, and policies.

Education

Texas State University Master of Science in Human Resource Management

2007

Columbia University Bachelor of Art in Financial Economics

2005

Technical Skills

Reporting Skills Hard Working and Team Player
Positive Attitude and Adaptability Confidentiality and Independence
Dependability, Organization and Computer Knowledge and Ease of

Scheduling Accessibility