KNOWLEDGE OF

HR processes

Eeplover relations
Selection & appoitment
Cowtract extemsions

HK ectmanistrarion
Matermty heave

Egral opportunities

Creating legal
doctmentation

People mumagement

PERSONAL SKILLS

Acenemiable
Prowtive
Confident

Good poilpement
Methodical
Problem solving
Dera arwentated

PERSONAL DETAILS

Sara’ Hort
Darya Lat
120 Vise Street

BIS 6NF

Bygtame, 1%

1: O44 121 638 0026
Me OOS 121 638 NIM
Eben ialeaypots come

Sarah Bond

HR assistant resume
CAREER OBJECTIVE

An organised, bright and contkient college leaver who is able to work closely
with varies stakebolders to ensure a tinsely and efficient pecruéimmentt prowess in
any HR department. Sarah fas superb corumuntcetion skills und can quickly
establich working relat with a sunge of stakeholders at all levela She has
good admimmtration and Tl skills, and extensrve of datahase ey stems
Right now she ts looking for ay entry level position ot o Human Resources
department, from whieh she can luumeh Ser curcer.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Coventry North College 2enl- 2012
Diplome wi Human Resoarces Admxmatration Puss
Birednghoon South High School 200s ~ 2011
Marthe Pass
English Pass
Geography Pass
Phystes Pass

HR SKILLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

© UK EIR Peleses and Prowedures
© Providing transactional FIR support across all processes.
© Maintuining employee records
© Setting up disciplinary acd grievance meetuyes
© Eneuting an appheant's compliance aed eligsbelity to work in the UK
© All employment docamentation.
@ Ongenssimg and rolling out stal¥ trameng inhatves
© Destroying docements whieh are se konger needed.
© Processing peyroll information.
© Working closely with aponcves regarding temporary worker
© Updating HR Advisors with employee retation's tesues
@ Probetios and performance management

KEY ATTRIBUTES

© Comfortable being the first poent of contact for all HR related enquiries

© Able t work in a busy and warned robe that requires good attention to detail.

© Accutute. umely, confidential and efficent record -keepung

© Keeping abeeust of changes m HR pedsees and procodieus,

SELECTED ACHIVIEVDMENTS

Perma Development Conttfieate in Workplace Sallety

Set wp and run an award winning biog that focuses on employment issues
Advanced First Aid Certificate

HOBBIES & INTERESTS

Aaa been volleyball player, Sarah has to the stage where adhe teow the
team captain of # local volleybell elab, As a expert on the subject, her yew are
Wilely sought by both people sew to volleyball and also experienced professionals.

REFERENCES ~ Available om request.