AHSAN BHAM

S-21, Jami Staff Lane-1, Phase-2 ext, DHA - Karachi http://pk.linkedin.com/in/ahsanbham
Cell: +92 333 2138980
donc Gene ail.com am i.com http://www.facebook.com/ahsanbham f

OBJECTIVE

To secure a career in the field of Performance & Compensation, Human Resources at
a reputed organization, which appreciates professional approach and hard work,
where I can utilize my knowledge, various skills & experience in contribution towards
fulfilling the company’s growth objectives, develop my career and excel in the field.

SKILLS & EXPERTISE

« Able to set expectations and manage conflict.
« Team management skills; Leadership skills; Good analytic and decision-making skills.
« Ability to handle pressure; work under tight deadlines.

« Good communication skills; Good presentation skills; and a fluent public speaker.
« Experienced in task evaluation & division; Exceptional focus, confidence and ability to drive the team.

« Have a professional experience of more thab 3 years in the field of Human Resources.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Current Employer : BankIslami Pakistan Limited . \) t y ¥ F
Position : Team Member, Employee Services» SS > ‘ L ps 2
Period of Service: May 2011 - till date vs ¥ °
Assignments £ ye a eer

¢ Processing of Employees’ Contract Extensions and Conclusions of Contractual cadre.

« Processing of Employees’ Confirmation of Permanent Cadre.

« Send Letter of Verification of Antecedent to all previous employers (Bank & NBFIs) of newly
joined staff and maintain an integrated MIS for confirmation of Permanent Employees.

« Replying to Letter of Verification of Antecedents received from employers of our resigned staff.

« Revision and composition of HR Policies and Procedures, Service Level Agreement, Process
Flows and IOMs.

* Timely processing of Third-party Payroll and maintaining coordination with 3 vendors.

« Work on Entitlements of Staff Finances (Car, and House Financing) and check eCIB reports.

« Work on claims of Medica! Reimbursement (In-Patient) against the limits provided.

Achievements H

« Integrated Bio-Metric Attendance Management System at all Branches to maintain correct
attendance records in case of Bio-Metric Device is inaccessible.

¢ Initiated alignment of Functional Designation and Job Positions in HRMS System.

« Develop Branch, Area Office and Head Office Reporting Line based on Positions for
development of Application Module of Various HR Processes.

« Revised Complete HR Procedure Manual and Organogram. Worked on HR Operations Process
Flows and SLA's with other Departments.

« Improved the Process of Employee Confirmations and Contract Extensions aligned with the
Bank's policy.

« Revised and streamlined Bank's Medical (in-Patient) Reimbursement Policy with procedures
and necessary requirements.

« Worked on proposal of New Functional Designation to be added to the Head Office Hierarchy
to improve customer satisfaction.