Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Human Resources Specialist LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

A performance-driven Human Resources Specialist with experience In human resources,
recruiting, marketing, Customer service, and sales. Proven ability in problern resolution, as well as
developing and leveraging relationships with key stakeholders, Demonstrated experience In
supporting and implementing strategies that align with a company's core values, To obtain a
position where extensive administrative/managerial experience and formal education, as well as
interpersonal and organizational abilities, will be utilized in a challenging, growth-oriented
environment

SKILLS

HRIS - Oracle, PeopleSoft, Taleo, ADP, Zenefits, ICIMS, Workable, TalentReef, Silkroad/RedCar pet,
And Kronos,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Human Resources Specialist
ABC Corporation - january 2016 - May 2018

» Served as the primary contact for managing requests for requisitions and applicant status
updates.

» Supported managers in the recruitment process by assisting in all aspects of the emplayee
life cycle to include screening, job offers, onboarding of new hires, pay changes and status
changes,

» Handled escalated benefit issues that require Imdepth knowledge and instruction.

» Conducted all company pre-employment processes including background checks, reference
checks, and drug testing.

* Coordinated company drug testing prograrn (i.e., monthly randorn and post-accicdent)
coordinated the rehirestransfer process in accordance with cornpany policy and ensure proper
documentation is provided.

* Served as an associate resource by providing answers for day to day employee Inquires such
as policies related to leaves and vacations.

Professionally and accurately responded to written and oral inquiries from associates and
managers,

Human Resources Specialist
ABC Corporation - June 2015 - Novernber 2015

* Supported local recruiting and outreach efforts in coordination with the centralized recruiting
tearm to meet of exceed monthly and annual recruiting targets in the most efficient and
effective mariner possible,

* Ensured a positive candidate and hiring rnanager experience.

* Assisted inthe adrninistration and) or tracking of employee development training.

+ Engaged employees and resolves Issues expediently, with professionalisrn and tact.

* Escalated concerns as appropriate. Acted as a conduit to provide facility management,
Regional HR and Corporate HR Insight Into employee concerns,

* Performed ermployee onboarding to include data entry into the HR Information system and
new employee orientation,

* This ls Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings