Robert Smith

HR Administrator

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Worked in call center taking Inbound/outbound calls Over fifteen years
experience in retail sales, including: purchasing, inventory management,
advertising, human resources, etc. Skilled In developing successful sales
promotions. Experienced in training and managing sales staff, Superior
customer service attributes and strong people management skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

HR Administrator

ABC Corporation -

May 1992 - March 2006

Re sponsibilities:

Manage employee recruiting, evaluation and training programs and
procedures for company with 275 employees.

Review internal and external candidate applications and coordinate
Interviews with appropriate departrnent and section heads.

Established new performance evaluation and tracking procedure, which
has increased employee satisfaction with review process 45%.
Established new accounts, and posted accounts recelvable,

Prepare daily store deposit ensuring no discrepancies before store open.
Handled floor and cash register sales in all store departrnents.

Assisted with ticket master sales and training.

HR Administrator

Martin Federal Credit Union -

1988 - 1992

Re sponsibilities-

Responsible for the successful management of ernployee data from pre-
hire to post-termination.

Include supporting and planning the day to day operations of payroll
and benefits, administration of the hiring process, records
administration, interacting with accounting for HR Invoice payments,
Intranet maintenance, maintaining vendor relationships for critical
functions.

Maintain website as needed, including posting open jobs.

Assist employees with their benefits as needed and resolve payroll
Issues/ questions as required.

Prepare reports as needed and conduct audits as required,

Interpret and apply policies objectively,

Include award winning service to intemal customers for payroll and
benefits administration, successful systems conversions and upgrades
Including testing, planning and implementing for ADP and Paycor
systems, training of company management and ernployees on payroll
systems...

Education
Diploma - (Cordero Baptist Academy - Corpus Christi, TX)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama :
(123)-456-7899
infog@qwikresume.com
muetiemna’ om

Graphic Design, Grant
Writing, Inventory
Management,
Recruitment, Branding,
Marketing, Event
Planning.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)