MIGUEL S. NAVARRO

555 Agave Circle, Houston, TX 55555 = 281.555.4567 = NavarroM23@unameitl.com

| PROFILE

Award-winning International Human Resources Executive with more than 20 years of combined HR experience
(International HR, Compensation, Benefits, Generalist, and HRIS). Well-proven ability to direct HR operations in
support of business objectives. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Senior Professional in Human
Resources (SPHR), Certified Compensation Professional (CCP), Certified Benefits Professional (CBP), Global
Remuneration Professional (GRP). Tnilingual (English. Spanish & Portuguese). MBA; BS in Civil Engineering.
Core competencies:

Global Leadership « Compensation & Benefits * Strategic Planning « Cost Containment * HRIS
Foreign & Domestic Employee Relations = Compensation Communicaton Plans * Talent Acquisition
M&A HR Due Diligence = Rewards & Incentives = Process Improvement = Training & Davelopment

| CAREER SUMMARY

ANTEDAYV OIL COMPANY, Houston, Texas 0000 — present
[Antedav ranks among the largesi U.S -based independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. Annual
revenues of approximately USS 18.3 MM and more than 12,000 employees worldwide }

Director, Global Compensation & international HR

Manage appropriate compensation plans for U.S., expatnate and foreign local national employees (including local
benefit plans) such as base salary, bonus, and Long-Term Incentive planning. Develop and deliver compensation
communication plans and training to all employees and leadership. Manage Intemational HR policies.

* Led the new Total Compensation program inte one process the first quarter of the year under the “pay-for-
performance* philosophy. Saved more than $10MM in taxes. First time that an online tool manager self-
service was used. Awarded Special Recognition for this accomplishment.

* Reviewed and implemented the new Rewards & Recognition Awards program in less than 3 months.

= Successfully implemented the Employee Restructuning Program after the merger of three companies.

OCTEL CORPORATION (now an Antedav subsidiary), Houston, Texas 0000 - 00
Managing Director, Human Resources — South American Operations (0000)
Led all HR and Administration expatriate and local national employees’ activities such as recruitment,
compensation & benefits, development, manpower planning, and union negotiation.

« Integrated corporate expatriate and local national HR policies in Brazil within 4 months.

* Successfully implemented an innovative hiring bonus for current employees. Saved more than $4.5MM.

« Changed the annual union agreement negotiation to two years. Won Special Recognition Award.

Manager, Global Compensation (0000-00}
Managed the development and recommendation of appropriate compensation plans for U.S., expatriate, and
foreign local national employees (including local benefit plans), such as base salary, bonus, and Long-Term
Incentive planning. Developed compensation communication plans for all employees and leadership.
* Established a global compensation and benefits strategy for all local nationals and expatriates. Southeast
Asia, UK, and Brazil programs were aligned to this strategy.
* Implemented an online Total Rewards system where everyone could see the value of their compensation,
benefits, retirement, etc. Comprehensive view cut employee interest in seeking jobs elsewhere by 30%.
* Received Presidential Award for successful due diligence and integration of 500 employees after merger.

OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION 0000 - 00

[One of the world’s leading independent oil and gas exploration and praduction companies and a major North American
chemical manufacturer. Annual revenues of approximately $7B and more than 7,200 employees worldwide]

Project Manager, PeopleSoft HRIS (New Orleans, LA, 0000-00)
Led the development and implementation of the new Corporate Personnel Database System in PeopleSoft for all
Oxy's domestic locations. Project was completed on time and budget. [Won Presidential Award for achievement]

(See Pace 2}