*
.
*

WESLEY LYONS, SPHR, CELS

5424 E, 126 STREET, PASADENA, CA 91050
HOME: 620-555-7637 CELL: 626-555-4119 EMAIL: WEMEWLYONS.COM
VP/DirgEcTroR HUMAN RESOURCES

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Versatile human-resources executive with hands-on expesience in diverse industries operating over multiple
jurisdicbens in multiple countries.
Strategic professional who deploys participative management strie in fast-paced, diverse workforce.
Proactive change agent who spends time m employee covitoament encouraging learning and promoting the
increased productivity that results in value-added customer service.
Excellent team builder and comsultant on personnel issues and organizational development.

——$$ AREAS OF EXPERTISE.
* Human-resource strategy, objectives, policies, ¢ Policy assexsment
programs ¢ Union avoidance
* Employee ark management training * Compensation and benefits design /adminiscration,
* Succession planning/ management practices incloding stock options, ghost plans, and deferred
and programs COMpersaticn
* Domestic and mternativeal recruitment, ¢ | Multi-unit maragpemnent
testing, and staffing needs © Operations kerri raed
© Diversey pragranss * mee a:
¢ = Facility management ¢ = EBROC, AAP, OSHA, WiC, and other federal, erate,
* BH&S managemenc and local complisnce Proggam oeeds, including ceainang,
*  Employee-relations progranss investigation, and prevention programs

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Director, Human Resources, Heath Tighe, Pasadena, CA, 2003 to Present
Oversee human resources at all facthities and offices throughout cight states in top HR position for large,
outsourcing provider for anesthesiology, neonatology, and emergency-medicine services.
Partner with executive management te grow the business through innovative human-resources management.

Director, Human Resources, [avrding Spiteors Series, Edit Coup, Pasadena, CA, 1999 9 2003
Directed human resources at 12 facilities for business growp that handled overhaul of landing gears, wheels,
and brakes of commercial and military aircraft worldwide.
Collborsted with group Vice President and General Manager while assisting Ditcetor of Operations and site
leaders in growing their businesses through inanvative human-sesources management.
Assisted with employee relations for union and non-union facilities of other divisions and in implementing
Six-Sigma and lean programs on manufacturing floors,
Designed ara presented management-training programs sanging from first-line supervisors to seninr-
management teams to facilitate understanding of employment relations, diversity issues, employment
law, recruiting, and omanizational development; program functioned as comerstune for univer
avoklance, employes retention, and increased emplovee morale.
Initiated human-resaurces reporting system to update field managers, senior managers, and board of directors
on progress of human-tesources goals im areas such as recruitment, turnover, emploree retention, recruitment
cost, benefit cost, and cost-savings cfforts,

Vice President Human Resources, Member, Board of Directors, GEER, Hibernia, CA, 1993 mw 1999
Oversaw HR for 45 locations in Americas for division of GEER, largest provider of silenced diesel generators.
Acted as consultant for several other locations throughout worldwide network of offices,

Handled P&I. for additional areas of legal affairs, organizational development, safety, environmental,
recruiting, and training/ development.