Emmylou Anthony

Human Resources Manager

Professional, people-first HR manager with 5+ years in human resources and 3 years in HR management jobs. 2018 HR Executive of the

Year award winner, HRIS certification, and SHRM-SCP certified. Looking to utilize expertise with organizations of 150+ people to manage

the HR department at Subway Development.

fe] Experience

2016-05 - Human Resources Manager
2019-05 Synergy Apps, Maspeth, NY
Key Qualifications & Responsibilities
* Oversaw a human resources department of 5 team members and their
various functions.

Effectively liaised between senior management and employees to maintain
and improve company-employee relations.

Researched, recruited, staffed, onboarded, and trained new company hires
according to the needs of department managers and company budget.

Ensured compliance of company directives, regulatory concerns, and health
and safety protocols.

Administered payroll, company benefits packages, corporate events, and
teambuilding meetings and outings.

Key Achievements

* Awarded the 2018 "HR Executive of the Year” from HRPRO for the Northeast

US region.
* Implemented a new onboarding process which cut down training times by 2
days.
2014-04 - Human Resources Specialist
2016-05 Gromleeb Gaming, Bronx, NY

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

* Prepared and updated employment records, including pension plans,
compensation packages, benefits, disciplinary behavior, and disputes.

* Administered and processed paperwork related to new hires, job candidates,
employment concerns and complaints, and pre-employment tests.

* Mentored new recruits, provided onboarding seminars, and conducted group
and individual training sessions.

Sr Education

2017 MS in Human Resource Management
Marymount Manhattan College, New York, NY
Relevant Coursework: Labor and Employment Relations, Business
Management, Human Resource Management, Employee Retention,
Organizational Culture, Human Resource Ethics.

2015 BS in Business Administration (Human Resource

Specialty)

Baruch College, New York, NY

Relevant Coursework: Labor Relations, Human Resource Administration,
Business Fundamentals, Organizational Behavior, Industrial-Organizational

Psychology, Social Business Environments.

|| Personal Info

Phone
(929) 555-7733

E-mail
emmylou.anthony@gmail.com

Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/emmylouanthony

Skills

Employee Selection &
Development

Occupational Safety

Employment Law

Recruitment & Onboarding

Organizational Communication

Developing Training Programs

=] Languages

Romanian

Professional Working Proficiency