RICHARD TIM

HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL

SUMMARY
CONTACT ————
a A Human Resource Professional with 6+years of experience in sectors

namely - Generic Pharmaceuticals, Critical Care Injectables, Medical Devices

info@resumekraft.com
and FMCG. A speaker, counsellor and consultant.

O 202-555-0120

y Chicago, Illinois, US EXPERIENCE
In. linkedin.com/resumekraft = a
HR Manager Sep 2019 - Present
Zydus Wellness Ltd
e Partnering with Sales Managers of 4 businesses namely CPD, NL, Key
Accounts & Modern Trade of North India.
e Counselling and consulting with suggestions and support to field &
branch employees during organizational integration.
e Handling operating strength of north team and branch.

e Handling Talent acquisition of positions starting from SO, ASM and RSM
eCATS - Candidate Application levels.

SKILLS

SAP - Success Factor

SAP - Field Glass

Tracking System e Planning and monitoring joining and onboarding of the new joinee.

e Drive the Induction process in the region for new joinees and ensureing
thorough readiness of new joinees for role delivery.

e Ensuring timely execution of changed policies or procedures at
branch level.

e Ensuring exit formalities to carry out seamlessly at branch.

e Taking exit feedback and maintaining the records.

e Handling grievances & concerns related to PF, mediclaim, leaves,

Power Point Presentation expense claiming and others, of field employees.

Workday

Canva

MS Excel, word

=z e Ensuring employee engagement activities like birthday celebrations,
MS Visio festivals celebrations.
|_| e Process owner of SHIKHAR program - PGDBA program for

sales professional in collaboration with Symbiosis Distance Learning Pvt.
Ltd.

LANGUAGES

——$—$— Deputy Manager Apr 2018 - Sep 2019

English Zydus Wellness Ltd.

French e Handled Talent acquisition of domestic business of CPD and NL at Pan
India level.

Arabic
e Worked on Talent Retention thoroughly with the help of counselling and

consultation.
e Coordinated in employee life cycle mainly confirmation and appraisal.
e Planned field induction, onboarding and took feedbacks.
e Revamped organizational introduction induction PPT for New Joinee.
e Took exit interviews and feedbacks.
e Prepared and doing exit analysis monthly.
e Handled Talent Management a€” LEAP program for field staff.
e Involved in Strategic hiring for head office.
e Prepared monthly Hiring, induction, operating strengths report of zones.

German