KNOWLEDGE OF

HR processes

Eeplover relations
Selection & appommnent
Contract eviewsions

HK ectmanisirarion
Maternity leave

Pgmadl opportwmities

Creating legal
docmwmentation

People maragement

PERSONAL SKILLS

Acenemiable
Prowctive
Confident

Chow prclpement
Methodioal
Problem solving
Derarl arwentatedt

PERSONAL DETAILS

Sara’ Howwd
Deyo Lad
120 Viese Street

BIS 6NF

Bygtame, 1

1: O44 121 638 0026
Me OES 121 638 IM
Eben aiuleaypots come

Sarah Bond

HR assistant resume
CAREER OBJECTIVE

An organised. bright and contkient college leaver who is able to work closely
with varios Makebolders to ensure a linely and efficient recruitment prowess in
any HR department. Sarah fas super: comumuntcetion skills und can quickly
establch working relat with o tunge of stakubolders at all levels She has
good admimmtration and Tl skills, and extenseve knowledge of datahase eystems
Right now eho ts looking for an entry level position on a Human Resources
department, from which she can luumeh Ser curcer,

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Coventry North College 2en- 2012
Diplome wi Human Resoarces Admxmatrution Pass
Biredaghcon South High School eas - 2011
Maths Pass
English Pass
Geography Pass
Physees Pass

HR SKILLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

© UK EIR Peleses and Prowedures:
© Providing transactional FIR support actos all processes.
© Maintuining employee records
© Setting up disciplinary aad grievance meetunes
© Ensuring am eppheant's compliance and uligshelety to work en the UK
© All employment docamentation.
@ Onganssing and rolling out staff trammng imhauves
© Dewroying docements whieh are se longer needed.
© Processing peyroll information.
© Working closely with aponcies regarding lemporery worker
© Updating HR Advisors with employee retation's tesues
@ Probetios and performance management

KEY ATTRIBUTES

© Comfortable bemg the first poent of contact for all HR related enquiries

© Able t work ina busy and varned robe that requires good attention to detail.

© Accutute. umely, confidential and efficeent record-keeping

© Keeping abeeust of changes m HR pelsers and procodieus,

SELECTED ACHIVIEVDMENTS

Perma Development Conttieate in Workplace Sallety

Set wp and run an award winning blog that focuses on employment issues
Advanced Fint Aid Certificate

HOBBIES & INTERESTS

Aaa been volleyball player, Sarah has to the stage where adhe & mow the
team captain of # local volleybell elab, As a expert on the subject, her yew are
Widely sought by both people sew to volleyball and also experienced professionals.

REFERENCES ~ Available on request.