JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Motivated, detail oriented, and goal driven professional with highly developed interpersonal skills and a passion for Human Resources, HCM
Systems, and Implementation. Demonstrating commitment to excellence, diversity, theoretical and practical thinking while being able to work
well in a fast pace environment

EpucaTIon
2015 Bachelor of Arts
Howard University - Washington, DC
SKILLS
« Attention to Detail e Communication
¢ Critical Thinking e Leadership Organization
« Microsoft Office ¢ Relationship Building
* Google Applications © Social Media
e Time Management e Marketing
¢ Solution-Driven ¢ Teamwork
« Negotiation
Work History

05/2019 to Current Human Resources Analyst (Contractor)
Benteler — Shreveport, LA

¢ Communicated with potential hires to provide clarity on expected tasks, compensation and policies.

e Planned, monitored and appraised employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees.

e Eliminated discrepancies in financial reporting and record-keeping through accurate preparation and management
of 3 million budgets.

e Improved organizational filing systems for confidential employee records, resulting in improved accessibility and
efficiency.

e Counseled leadership and offered actionable initiatives to reduce compliance-related issues addressing equal
employment opportunity and sexual harassment.

¢ Collaborated with management to build and implement modern HCM system.

e Conducted annual salary surveys and developed, analyzed and updated company salary budget.

¢ Converted legacy system to new technology in smooth, efficient and diligent manner to minimize impacts and
proactively address any problems.

© Collected and analyzed information to monitor compliance outcomes and identify and address trends of non-
compliant behavior.

e Improved office efficiency by effectively implementing internal and external communications and correspondence.

04/2018 to 12/2018 People Operations Analyst (Contractor)
Pandora Media Inc. — City, STATE

e Negotiated agreements between employees to clarify misunderstood directions and resolve conflicts affecting
performance.

¢ Improved recruiting operations and increase team productivity. Establish and maintains a partnership with Jobvite
Account Manager and IT to troubleshoot problems that impact performance. Communicate essential changes with
team members.

e Effectively generated data related to the Talent Acquisitions team while partnering with HR Tech to successfully
and effectively integrate information between Jobvite and Workday.

e Proactively developed strategies and solutions to integrate and merge data between ADP. Workday, and Jobvite due
to SiriusXM acquisition.

e Consult with internal team members to determine systems problems and diagnose issues. Provide Tier 1 support for
Human Resource systems including Jobvite, Workday, and Avature.

e Maintains the ticketing system (JIRA). Provided basic and troubleshooting, Including account unlock/lock, ticket
creation, system navigation assistance, implementations, updates, and escalating to tier 2 and tier 3 support for
more advanced issues.

e Served as a dependable and knowledgeable partner when it comes to data entry and transfer, implementing new
features, creating new recruiting communication templates, troubleshooting system bugs, and glitches, and
overseeing employee access to the applicant tracking system.

09/2017 to 04/2018 Human Resources Consultant (Contractor)
Cox Automotive Inc. — City, STATE

e Oversees hiring process and implementing the organizations recruiting strategies and administering pre-
employment assessments. Assisting with completing background investigations.

e Preparing new hire for first day activities, assisting and/or leading compliance reporting and documentation.

e Serves as a day-to-day liaison with Cox leadership, requisitions delivery, candidate management, and pipeline

® management to ensure continuous alignment between logistics management and overall talent acquisitions
strategies and processes.

e Assists in preparation and maintaining reports specific to HR projects while developing methods that compiles and
analyzes data.

e Ensures HR programs and services follow established policies and procedures (state/federal laws and regulations).

e Plan and organizes in employee engagement monthly programs.

e Counsel Cox team and internal partners on technical/procedural questions and innovative practices as their day-to-
day logistics management subject expert.

e Serves as a liaison to candidates and hiring managers by building effective relationships and employing

e effective communication mechanisms/routines designed to maximize information exchange

e Supporting function as needed (posting open positions, extending offers, managing applicant tracking
requirements, etc.) Maintain accurate and timely documents pertinent to the talent acquisition processes.

08/2015 to 08/2017 Human Resources Intern
Miami Valley Hospital — City, STATE
e Ensured regulatory compliance of new hire employee files.
¢ Supported organizational performance goals by coordinating the timely completion of performance reviews
e Verified employment for new hires (800 new hires/year).
e Ensured new hire orientation requirements for departmental orientation and online competencies are completed in
accordance with expectations.
¢ Conducted reference checks for new employees &amp; Provided assistance for employee engagement committee
¢ Scheduled interviews for Human Resources Business Partners (5) & Director
e Conducted telephone screening for candidates in alignment with job requirements and competencies.
e Assisted recruiters with identifying manager and candidate availability and coordinate with new hires.
e Participate in new employee orientation by conducting tours: ensured all paperwork was complete and facilitated
manager communication for new hires.
e Log corrective action into HR system. Access the HR system to verify employee information.
e Prepared various reports inclusive of termination proposals, employee list, service awards, new hires, etc.
e Facilitate posting regulatory compliance
© posters.
¢ Posted jobs to the online system and sort through candidates
e Worked closely with Human Resources
¢ Business Partners in implementing retention initiatives by conducting stay interviews.
e Round with employees and prepare report to identify trends impacting employee morale and engagement
© Coordinated the service award recognition program.
e Answered general HR policy questions about benefits or employee relations.
e Assisted applicants with Taleo recruiting system.