JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Multi-talented Human Resources Leader successful at streamlining costs and maximizing company profile in job market. Versed in EEOC and
other relevant compliance statutes. Excellent organizational and time management skills with ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks.

SKILLS
e Recruitment strategies e Succession planning
* Workforce Planning ¢ Conflict Resolution
e Investigative oversight * Compensation and benefits
Work HIsToRy

Head of Human Resources, Americas, 11/2021 - Current
Experian — San Jose, CA
¢ Overhaul of antiquated HRIS and implemented PEO service within the US region.
¢ Reduced or eliminated different types of financial discrepancies by improving documentation and reporting accuracy for budget and people
operational controls. This led to thousands of dollars returned to us within the Latin American region from our partners.
¢ Developed strategy for selected medical, dental, short and long-term disability, life insurance and workers compensation programs for
employees.
¢ Led Global project of our company website and enhanced the people page by adding our company values and stories.
e Ran multiple internal audits through all state files, employee files and past payroll, ensuring corrections were made to reduce potential
liability.
e Enhanced and redefined organizational structure to maintain company’s competitive edge across territories, nationwide.
e Created, managed and executed people business plan and communicated company vision and objectives to motivate teams.
® Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available information for new training
processes.
e Achieved regulatory compliance with no adverse audit findings for facilities, documentation compliance or safety.
e Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational standards.
* Coordinated and worked with management on performance evaluations, supervisory practices, dispute resolution and employee
accountability.

Corporate HR Director, 02/2021 - 10/2021
Michels Corporation — New London, CT
¢ Provided upper management strategic recommendations for improvements in Workforce Planning.
¢ Collaborated with senior management and performed helpful tasks, including benefits analysis, corrective action planning and big-picture
data capturing.
* Coordinated with senior leadership and handle all managerial needs by implementing solutions into business strategies.
e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal entanglements.
¢ Monitored and handled all employee claims, including performance-based and harassment incidents.
¢ Developed succession plans and promotion paths for all corporate staff.
* Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available information for new HR
programs.
e Discovered and resolve complex employee issues that affect management and business decisions.
¢ Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate investigation actions and reach resolution of

grievances.

Human Resources Director, 03/2019 - 03/2021
Behavioral Family Solutions, LLC — City, STATE
¢ Devised hiring and recruitment policies that led to a 160% headcount increase within 2019 and a 130% headcount increase within 2020
between a department of two, including myself.
e Structured compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.
* Developed succession plans and promotional paths for all staff.
¢ Monitored and handled all employee claims, including performance-based and harassment incidents.
e Maintained company compliance with all local, state and federal laws, in addition to establishing organizational standards.
¢ Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal entanglements.
e Created user-friendly employee handbook that was non-existent within the organization.
¢ Monitored administration of benefits program to maintain compliance with employee insurance program.
e Addressed employee conflicts with appropriate urgency, following all corporate procedures.
e Developed on-boarding process for newly hired employees and built out distribution of all paperwork utilizing a new platform called
AirSlate.
* Built out workers’ compensation and OSHA reporting programs for employees injured on job.
e Evaluated effectiveness of training programs and provided upper management strategic recommendations for improvements.
* Updated training processes by reviewing existing documentation, leveraging feedback from associates, and working with legal and
compliance teams.

e Performed system analysis, documentation, testing, implementation and user support for platform transitions.

Complex Human Resources Manager - Contract, 01/2019 - 03/2019
Hilton — City, STATE
¢ Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal entanglements.
¢ Followed programs closely to assess effectiveness and make proactive changes to meet changing demands.
* Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives to improve employee engagement.
e Forecasted expected personnel demands and developed forward-thinking approaches to achieve objectives.
e Updated training processes by reviewing existing documentation, leveraging feedback from associates, and working with legal and
compliance teams.
e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for new employees.
¢ Monitored and handled all employee claims, including performance-based and harassment incidents.
* Collaborated with senior management and performed helpful tasks, including benefits analysis, corrective action planning and big-picture
data capturing.

HR Internal Communications Manager - Contract, 09/2018 - 12/2018
Brightline Trains — City, STATE
¢ Established and managed all internal communications strategies.
¢ Supported internal messaging and framework that enabled effective cross-team communication and alignment.
* Oversaw social media platforms.
e Planned, edited, and wrote content for a variety of internal communications such as daily announcements, executive communications,
internal initiatives, and projects.
e Ensured internal messaging and communications is consistent across all mediums.
e Managed and oversaw consultants who assisted in teammate engagement and employer branding.
e Planned and executed a routine schedule of events including annual town hall, executive roundtables, team building events, and teammate
appreciation.

* Recommended ways to increase employee engagement.

Human Resources Generalist, 04/2015 - 09/2018
Bayview Asset Management, LLC — City, STATE
e Handled investigation and resolution of employee issues, concerns and conflicts.
¢ Coached managers through employee relations matters including employee engagement, documentation, discipline and performance
improvement plans.
e Ensured all employment practices complied with federal, state and local regulations.
¢ Supported the country-wide recruitment efforts for all offices for full time employees, temporary employees, contractors, consultants and
vendors.
¢ Coordinated corporate-wide events for up to 1600 employees and managed the budget of over $1m.
e Created, launched, edited and designed the company-wide newsletter each quarter.
¢ Reviewed and completed I-9 documentation.
e Processed unemployment claims and acted as company representative at unemployment hearings.

e Assisted in the development, implementation and supported the launch of ServiceNow and the HRIS system

Director of Human Resources and Operations, 11/2010 - 04/2015
World Evolve, Inc — City, STATE
e Partnered with senior leadership to establish and develop corporate and HR policies and procedures.
e Completed projects on time and under budget while resolving complex issues for senior leaders.
e Maximized team knowledge and productivity by effectively training, monitoring and directing employees in application of best practices
and regulatory protocols.
e Administered benefits programs, analyzed compensation and other competitive data and prepared budgets.
* Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview processes to identify qualified candidates.
e Assisted senior management with making key decisions by developing and submitting performance and compensation reports with status
updates and improvement recommendations.
e Reduced expenses by analyzing compensation policies and implementing competitive programs while ensuring adherence to legal
requirements.

e Offered payroll-related subject matter expertise to management and employees to resolve payroll discrepancies.

EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration: 2014
Florida International University - Miami, FL
Bachelors of Arts: Psychology, 2012
Florida International University - Miami, FL
CERTIFICATIONS

e SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP)