JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished Executive Director of Human Resources offering 16 years of comprehensive experience developing HR functions, cultivating
positive work environment and collaborating with all levels of management. Expertise in planning and managing employee and labor
relations and developing and communicating company-wide policies and procedures. Goal-oriented and personable professional committed to
improving talent acquisition and increasing organizational effectiveness.

SKILLS
e Budget Administration e Advising Department Managers
¢ Drafting and Administering Human Resources Policies e Administering Disciplinary Procedures
e Exit Interviews and Processes ¢ Conflict Resolution
« Employee Relations Oversight e Human Resources Operations
¢ Hiring and Firing e¢ Employee Feedback and Recognition
¢ Problem Solving e Analyzing and Modifying Compensation
¢ Relationship Building e Payroll Management
e Forecasting Employment Needs © Coaching and Mentoring
« Bargaining Agreements e Onboarding. Training and Development
e Accident Investigation ¢ Employee Engagement Strategies
« Cross Functional Collaboration e Leadership Training and Development
e Recruiting and Interviewing e¢ Human Resources Department Processes
¢ Policy Improvement Recommendations © Verbal and Written Communication
¢ Health and Safety Programs e Human Resource Information System HRIS
e Training Needs Analysis ¢ Employee Handbook Development
« Compensation and Benefits Administration © Corrective Action Planning
« Employee Development e Executive Recruiting
¢ Labor Relations Coordination e Human Resources Best Practices
Work History

04/2013 to 08/2021 Human Resources Director and Risk Manager
Branford Public Schools — Branford, CT
Director Level | June 2018 - August 2021
Manager Level | May 2017 - June 2018
Analyst Level | April 2013 - May 2017
e Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees and distributed all paperwork.
© Conducted exit interviews to better understand reasons why employees were separating from company.
¢ Oversaw workers’ compensation program for employees injured on job.
* Monitored administration of benefits program to maintain compliance with employee insurance program.
e Provided immediate updates to entire employee pool when policies and procedures were altered.
e Addressed employee conflicts with appropriate urgency, following all corporate procedures.
¢ Created user-friendly employee handbook that was much easier to update and maintain than prior manual.
e Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational
standards.
* Monitored and handled employee claims, including performance-based and harassment incidents.
¢ Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives to improve employee engagement.
© Developed succession plans and promotion paths for all staff.
e Advised senior managers on policy strategies for reducing liability and preventing losses.
¢ Investigated allegations to check validity and recommend actions to minimize risk.
¢ Developed short-term goals and long-term strategic plans to improve risk control and mitigation.
¢ Kept operations in compliance with OSHA, state and federal regulations through regular safety inspections and
hazards management strategies.
e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
e Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
© Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
e Performed calculations in overtime, vacation and sick hours to provide accurate data to payroll processing
database.
e Reviewed time records for 100+ employees to verify accuracy of information.
e Investigated payroll variances and employee claims to resolve discrepancies and balance financial records.
¢ Processed payroll garnishments such as tax liens and child support.
e Applied knowledge of regulations, employment law and tax code to keep operations in compliance with applicable
standards.
e Reconciled health care benefits, tax contributions and retirement accounts to facilitate large-scale account
reconciliations.
* Maintained employee privacy and protected payroll operations by keeping all information confidential.

11/2005 to 06/2017 Broker Associate and Property Manager
Desert Sky Real Estate, Inc — City, STATE
e Handled tenant complaints promptly and appropriately, calling in repairmen and other support services as needed.
¢ Completed final move-out walk-throughs with tenants to identify any required repairs.
e Processed security deposit refunds.
¢ Complied with safe housing requirements and contractual obligations by resolving tenant issues and service needs.
¢ Monitored timely receipt and reconciliation of rent collections in accordance with landlord and resident statutes.
* Conducted property showings to highlight features, answer questions and redirect concerns to close contracts.
e Negotiated real estate contracts to navigate transactions between buyers and sellers.
e Generated lists of properties for sale, locations, descriptions and available financing options.
e Compared properties possessing similar features to determine competitive market prices.
e Liaised between property owners and prospective buyers to facilitate purchase and transfer of ownership.
e Arranged for inspections and surveys of sold properties.
e Advised clients on mortgage and housing conditions to identify successful properties and promote customer
satisfaction.
© Understood and advised clients in complex decision-making processes.
¢ Marketed to new and under-marketed clients to generate new business.

06/1998 to 06/2006 Human Resources Specialist
Palm Springs Unified School District — City, STATE

e Reviewed and screened applicant resumes to identify qualified candidates.

e Planned and managed recruitment activities for new hires using strategic personnel, staffing and position
management practices.

¢ Maximized team knowledge and productivity by training, monitoring and directing employees in application of
best practices and regulatory protocols.

e Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

¢ Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

¢ Posted positions through approved recruitment channels.

e Organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires.

e Assisted with meetings and presentations within company.

e Recruited and screened qualified potential employees.

e Managed employee exit interviews and paperwork.

¢ Documented human resources records and maintained confidentiality of sensitive personal information.

¢ Responded to inquiries by answering telephone calls, in-person questions and emails.

¢ Updated Human Resources Information System (HRIS) database, maintained data accuracy, and assisted with
system changes.

e Served on a job reclassification and compensation committee for the research and development of new job
descriptions.

EpucaTION

10/2018 Bachelor’s Degree: Business Administration / Human Resources Management
Columbia Southern University - Orange Beach, Alabama
Graduated Magna Cum Laude

2017 Associate of Science Degree: Business Management
Barstow Community College - Barstow, California
Graduated Magna Cum Laude