PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Driven and resourceful Administrative professional with 6+ years of experience supporting work of high-
achieving C-Suite Executives. Track record supporting professional needs with well-organized precision.
Sophisticated and graceful in managing high-volume workloads in rapidly changing environments. Experience
enhancing executive productivity and improving business operations. Exceed expectations for maximizing
group performance and overseeing efficient calendars. Operate well with minimal supervision to meet
demanding objectives.

« Travel coordination e Master calender management
« Documentation and reporting e File and records management
« Training and development « Organizational Development
« Team building « Budgets
« Communications e Event Planning
« Expense Reports e Business administration
« 72 \WPM typing speed e Advanced MS Office Suite
« Adobe « Zoom/WebEx
e LMS Software e Training and mentoring
« Team Building e« Contract Negotiation
© ADMINISTRATOR - HUMAN RESOURCES AND PROPOSALS 03/2019 to CURRENT

Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, Lic | Jacksonville, FL

e Produced accurate office files, updated spreadsheets and crafted presentations to support executives
and boost team efficiency.

e Handled all scheduling for Vice President's calendar and prepared meeting agenda and materials.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct
activities and communicate instructions.

e Streamlined operations and prioritized tasks, allowing senior staff to increase revenue by 10%.

¢ Contributed to smooth business operations by planning and organizing meetings and conferences.
including conference calls.

e Structured compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.

e Forecasted expected personnel demands and developed forward-thinking approaches to achieve
objectives.

e Directed and controlled various benefit programs, including 401K, medical, dental and vision packages.

e Updated training processes by reviewing existing documentation, leveraging feedback from associates,
and working with legal and compliance teams.

e Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate
investigation actions and reach resolution of grievances.

e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent
employee legal entanglements.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for
100 new employees.

EXOCUTIVE ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 08/2017 to 03/2019
American Modern Insurance Group | Austin, TX

e Produced accurate office files, updated spreadsheets and crafted presentations to support executives
and boost team efficiency.

e Updated executives on changing business needs by thoroughly documenting internal and client
meetings.

e Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business
processes.

e Handled all scheduling for CMO and CEO's calendar and prepared meeting agenda and materials.

e Used Google Calendar and office intranet to coordinate meetings, appointments and tasks for 6 senior
executives.

e Used QuickBooks and Concur to produce monthly invoices, expendatures reports and other
deliverables.

e Orchestrated successful conferences, including associated travel for all speakers and attendees,
facilities and support services.

e Handled logistics, catering, agendas and travel arrangements for meeting and event planning for board
of directors, president and executive vice president.

e Worked with senior management to initiate new projects and assist in various processes.

e« Managed CMO's complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated pre-planning
of trips.

SEQIOR ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 08/2016 to 08/2017
Ally | Charlotte, NC

e Sorted, opened and routed incoming correspondence and deliveries to help senior leaders respond
quickly to business and customer requirements.

e Maintained personal schedule, professional calendar and individual appointments for CFO and COO.

e Arranged business travel details for CFO, COO and company employees per supervisor requirements.

e Conducted thorough research using diverse resources to assist professional staff with routine and
special project tasks.

e Coached new employees on administrative procedures, company policies and performance standards.

e Prepared and distributed team-based communications to foster collaboration and enhance team
morale.

e Developed and implemented office management procedures, increasing training efficiency, team
productivity and accuracy.

e Coordinated office activities and public events, including product ordering, set up and technology.

SECIOR EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT 03/2016 to 07/2016
Affinity Solutions | City, STATE

e Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority

contacts.

e Managed CEO's complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated pre-planning of
trips.

e Researched, proposed and implemented mechant vendor agreements to decrease costs and improve
services.

e Planned and executed meetings and events and attended meetings to take meeting minutes.
e Prepared meeting agendas and briefing papers for all attending members
e Screened calls and emails and initiated actions to respond or direct messages for 2 managers.

MBA | Business Administration And Management 01/2079
Willamette University, Salem, OR
« Graduated magna cum laude

Bz-helor of Science | Biology 12/2013
University of Guam, Mangilao, GU

Bz helor of Science | Education 12/2013
University of Guam, Mangilao, GU

« Society of Human Resource Management
« International Association of Administrative Professionals

¢ SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) - Certification on August 3, 2020
« Washington Notary Public - Expires Nov. 2021