SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Human Resources Assistant with passion for performing support duties and process work within HR department. Skilled at multitasking.

handling appointments, organizing and preparing reports and logs. Follows procedures and applies HR knowledge to accomplish tasks and
duties. Performs variety of clerical and technical services and supports pre-employment, staffing. on-boarding processes and troubleshoots
issues to meet company needs. Exhibits high level of discretion to handle sensitive and confidential information. Talented at training new
hires, managing employee files and screening potential employees. Adaptable and willing to go extra mile and learn new tasks.

SKILLS
e Hiring and Retention e Time Management
¢ Personnel Records Maintenance e Personnel Documentation Verification
e Affirmative Action Compliance e Personnel Reports Preparation
¢ Work Planning and Organization © Microsoft Office
e Explanation of Benefits * Onboarding and Training
e Recruitment Oversight ¢ Employee Data Record Keeping
¢ Problem-Solving e Performance Evaluations
¢ Employee Interviews © Verbal and Written Communication
¢ Critical Thinking e Understanding of HR Policies
¢ Staffing Documentation Maintenance e Labor Agreements
¢ Relationship Building « Compensation and Benefits Administration
¢ Processing Personnel Records Compilation e Termination Procedures
¢ New Employee Orientation * Company Policies and Procedures Training
« Interpersonal Communication .
EXPERIENCE

06/2020 to 02/2023 Human Resources Assistant

10/2019 to 04/2021

03/2016 to 05/2020

Macias Gini & O'connell Lip — Sacramento, CA

¢ Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

e Assisted with planning, organizing and coordinating company events.

¢ Guided new hires through orientation and onboarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR
process.

e Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing background
checks, providing I-9 forms and handling drug screening paperwork.

¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

¢ Scheduled appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel issues.

* Posted job announcements and pre-screened applicants to candidates for available positions.

Front Desk Receptionist
Forward Air Solutions — Rochester, NY

¢ Handled payment processing and provided customers with receipts and proper bills and change.

e Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
e Received incoming calls and coordinated with staff to fulfill customer requests.

e Responded to inquiries and room requests made online, by phone and via email.

e Signed for packages, recorded deliveries and distributed to personnel.

e Drafted professional business documents, spreadsheets and correspondence.

e Explained policies and procedures to visitors.

e Preserved office security by following safety procedures and controlling access via reception desk.

¢ Completed basic bookkeeping and document filing.

e Answered multi-line phone system and managed calls by routing to proper extensions or taking messages.
e Worked with housekeeping and maintenance staff to address and resolve building and room issues.

Human Resources Assistant
Macias Gini & O'connell Llp — Newport Beach, CA

e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

e Guided new hires through orientation and onboarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR
process.

¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

¢ Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

¢ Scheduled appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel issues.

e Posted job announcements and pre-screened applicants to candidates for available positions.

e Partnered with HR on creative strategies for talent acquisition processes and procedures while researching market
trends.

© Guided employees through automated self-service platform for real-time attendance tracking and queries.

e Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and workplace
health.

e Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing background
checks, providing I-9 forms and handling drug screening paperwork.

¢ Handled sensitive and confidential employee information with complete discretion.

e Initialized background checks for potential new hires.

03/2008 to 10/2017 CNA

Mcguire Group Health Care Facilities — North Tonawanda, NY

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

e Conducted routine checks on patient vitals, blood pressure, blood sugar and heart rate.

e Exhibited compassionate care and communication regarding issues surrounding death and dying.

e Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

e Rendered hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies and procedures.

e Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and updating healthcare
team on patient status.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/2021

02/2011

06/2001

Certification: Human Resources Administration
San Joaquin Valley College - Visalia, CA

e [Award] Recipient

e [Semester Year] - Honor Roll
e [Semester, Year] - Dean's List
e Graduated cum laude

Associate of Arts: Psychology
Argosy University - Orange Cove, CA

Certification For CNA: Certified Nursing Assistant
Allied Health Arizona - Arizona City, AZ