ACCOMPLISHMENTS

© Associate of Science | Business and Information Technology MAY 2012

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

To obtain a position that offers a challenging opportunity in which my education, skills, and experience may be
effectively utilized for increased efficiency and productivity that will be of great benefits for your organization.

« Microsoft Office Suites HR Policies & Procedures
Knowledge of ADP Portal Systems

« Financial Reporting Employee Relations
Knowledge of DS! Online System

« Compliance Worker Compensation Financial Aid
NOLIJ Coordinator

« Admin./Clerical Procedures Orientation
Processes Recruitment/Job Posting

« Organization Management GI Bill Processing
Knowledge of Federal Aid Policies

Revamped the orientation process for all new hires, which was implemented university-wide.
Developed Policy and Procedure Manual for new hire process and co-facilitated training to all hiring
managers.

HUMAN RESOURCES 06/2011 to PRESENT
Dewolff Boberg & Associates | Minneapolis, MN

e Work 40 hrs.

* per week).

e Responsible for coordinating employment related recruiting and advertising activities, maintaining
personnel records and.

e serving as the departmental first point of contact.

e Specific Responsibilities Include: Secure and file all requisitions, applicant and recruiting/new hire
information.

e Assist in employment process by ensuring appropriate approvals on Personnel Request Forms.
preparing, posting and disseminating job vacancy announcements and advertisement: Serving as the
employment liaison for Middle Georgia State University supervisors, applicants, and other employment
related constituents: maintain position files and databases of 1200+ staff, students and faculty members
for 5 campus locations.

e Works closely with Office of Fiscal Affairs, Payroll and Procurement to ensure compliance.

e Process garnishments and employee withholding documentation to APD and Shared Services.

« Complete Verification of Employment documents.

e Compile various employment related reports and other documentation; and prepare all
correspondences to applicants.

e Assemble new employee packages and prepare new employee folders.

e Screen and access candidates ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience.

e Process new hire background and credit checks through DSI online system.

e Facilitate and Co-facilitate hiring and recruitment training.

e Acts as an external ambassador of Middle Georgia State University to the potential market Serves as
back-up to process workers compensation claims.

e Serves as back-up to enroll employees in retirement and optional benefit plans.

e Process Georgia Defined Contribution refund applications.

e Create and manage all job descriptions Perform a variety of recruitment and placement support duties
including advertising placement with a variety of agencies locally and nationally.

e Use multiple office automation software with varied function to produce a wide range of formats,
documents and reports.

e Schedule and assist with outside vendor campus visitations and attend recruitment job fairs Other
duties as assigned.

FIICANCIAL AID CONTACT CENTER REPRESENTATIVE/NOLIJ COORDINATOR 06/2008 to 06/2011
MACON STATE COLLEGE | City, STATE

e Worked 40+hrs per week) Responsible for directly interacting with students on a daily basis to provide
financial aid program assistance to students and parents regarding the application process for grants,
loans, scholarships, work-study, and/or other related information related to the financial aid process.

e Specific Responsibilities Include: Disseminated financial aid information regarding applications and all
other required information to 75-80% of all eligible students.

e Responded to all inpound/outbound telephone calls and emails regarding financial aid within 2-3 days.

e Scanned and indexed all financial aid documents on a daily basis.

e Researched questions and responded to students inquiries accurately and expediently.

e Provided personalized customer service at a high level.

e Processed loan applications and Gl Bills.

e Processed Student Appeals.

MACON STATE COLLEGE, MACON, GA.
Business and Information Technology

Ba helors of Science | Business and Information Technology Management AUGUST 2014
MIDDLE GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY, MACON, GA.
Business and Information Technology Management

M.2d | Instructional Technology DECEMBER 2076
GEORGIA COLLEGE & STATE UNIVERSITY, MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
Instructional Technology

| ADP, advertising, automation, back-up, basic, Clerical, interpersonal, credit, customer service, databases,

decision making, documentation, Employee Relations, Financial, Financial Reporting, Forms, grants, hiring,
human resources, HR, letters, market, mathematics, access, Office, Microsoft Office Suites, Works, office
automation, Payroll, Personnel, Policies, problem solving, Processes, Procurement, Recruitment, recruiting,
telephone, word processing, written, annual reports