JESSICA CLAIRE

San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Responsive Human Resources Business Partner with well-rounded experience in all functional areas of HR, including labor law compliance,
employee relations and performance management, leave of absence and ADA accommodations. Supports clients and effectively balances role
of consultant and mentor with gatekeeper to control employer-related risks and grow client's management skills. Thrives on mentoring
business owners and managers from small to mid-size employers with proven success at understanding unique business needs to establish
genuine relationships as indispensable partner.

SKILLS
« Human Resources Management Systems e Organizational Development
¢ Change Management Processes ¢ Collaboration Skills
« Compensation Analysis e Contract Negotiation
« Talent Management e Effective Communication
Work History

06/2018 to Current Human Resources Director
City Of Albany, Or — Albany, OR

¢ Follow recruiting programs closely to assess effectiveness and make proactive changes to meet changing demands.

¢ Collaborate with owner and board of directors to understand business goals and strategy related to staffing,
recruiting, retention and revenue growth.

e Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives and improved employee engagement by 92%.

e Administer and oversees administration of human resource programs including, compensation, benefits and leave:
disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; performance and talent management: productivity, recognition
and morale; and training and development.

e Structure compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.

e Maintain Company compliance with all local, state and federal laws, in addition to establishing organizational
standards.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for 15 new
employees.

¢ Develop and implement Company budget.

11/2020 to 05/2021 HR Covid Case Manager
Rose International Staffing — City, STATE

e Facilitated over 100 new COVID-19 intake interviews and traces per week placing Pepsico Employees on
mandatory quarantines to ensure health and safety of team members.

e Advise Employees and management personnel on interpretation of Company policies, programs, and procedures as
it relates to COVID-19.

e Implemented time-sensitive CDC data to COVID-19 positive Employees, following HIPPA guidelines and security
protocols.

e Delivered exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions

02/2015 to 03/2018 Quality Human Resource Partner
Allstate Insurance Company — City, STATE

e Identified HR training needs and conducted training for employees and leadership while recommending approaches
to effect continual improvements in department objectives, productivity and within company to reach business
goals.

e Investigated and liaised with legal department to respond to complaints of harassment, discrimination, employee
grievances and other sensitive issues and prepared position statements for EEOC.

¢ Worked with managers to achieve quality compliance with organizational policies, providing clarifying information
and recommending necessary changes.

© Updated training processes by reviewing existing documentation, leveraging feedback from associates, and
working with legal and compliance teams.

e Directed Onboarding and training for over 125 new claims specialist each year, keeping company operations
smooth and production efficient with skilled candidates.

© Collaborated with cross-functional departments to create, manage and maintain quality and compliance reporting.

e Increased customer satisfaction by resolving quality compliance issues

© Led projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement

09/2007 to 02/2015 Express Leader- Human Resources Generalist
Allstate Insurance Co — City, STATE

¢ Developed strategies to increase employee satisfaction and reduce turnover.

© Maximized Team knowledge and productivity by effectively training, monitoring and directing employees in
application of best practices and regulatory protocols.

e Discovered and resolved complex problems that affected management and business decisions.

e Organized and carried out monthly status meetings to inform staff of developments, goals and tactics as well as
best practices suggestions to drive success.

e Established solid working relationships with senior leaders and provided guidance related to workforce planning.
performance assessments, employee relations issues and operational and personnel changes supporting
organizational initiatives and activities.

e Managed and resolved complex employee relations issues by conducting effective, thorough and objective
investigation.

e Trained Team members on performance metrics and consumer behavior identification.

e Devised hiring and recruitment policies for 350-employee call center.

© Updated key human resource metrics, including tumover and terminations, using reporting tools on HRMS
database

EpucaTIon
MBA: Business Administration
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice
Shaw University - Raleigh, NC