JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well- qualified and talented professional considered knowledgeable leader and dedicated problem solver. Brings eight years of valuable
expertise to forward company objectives. Attentive to detail with experience in coordinating projects, programs and improvements. Skilled at
partnering with management teams to build employee-centric cultures promoting positive morale and optimizing productivity. Motivating and
positive with excellent interpersonal, coaching and communication skills. Well-versed in explaining benefits packages to assist employee
comprehension and decision-making. Builds rapport at all levels and resolve issues quickly. Can analyze complex technical information and

develop result focus solution in alignment with business needs.

SKILLS
e Training and Development e Federal Laws Knowledge
* Organizational Development © Staff Management
« Recruitment strategies ¢ Employee Motivation
e Strategic Planning © Coaching and Mentoring
* Conflict Mediation e Office Equipment Management
Work History

Assistant Vice President, Branch Administration , 03/2021 - Current
Deloitte — Hartford, CT
e Attended weekly meetings and special sessions of Leadership and Executive Leadership Teams and contributed to major administrative
initiatives, policies and decisions.
¢ Developed reports and financial sheets for annual budgets and senior leadership goals.
e Attracted and retained new members through organizational rebranding and targeting marketing campaigns to specific audiences.
¢ Produced reports outlining financial data to assist management with making strategic plans and operational decisions.
e Handled administrative systems to assist senior leadership and over 10 staff members.
e Allocated work assignments and tasks to comprehensively manage administrative projects.
e Oversea Marketing, Human Resources, and Branch Administrative departments

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER, Bank Officer, 01/2016 - Current
Ewing Irrigation — College Station, TX
e Auditing internal sales program and managing
¢ Coordinated new hire orientations, and provided onboarding session and training for 30-35 new employees annually
¢ Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate investigation actions and reach resolution of
grievances.
¢ Monitored and handled all employee claims, including performance-based and harassment incidents.
¢ Prepared employee documentation, routine evaluation measures, and recommendations.
e Directed staff of 10 personnel
e Manage Market calendar, Employee development, Daily reporting and monthly reporting,
e Ran special event programs - Including Quarterly celebration, year-end bonus celebration and other total reward programs
¢ Developed succession plans and promotion paths for all staff.
e Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.
e Headed training on registration, regulations and banking operations delivered to 25 managers and bank officers
e Established measures to promote diversity and drive equal access to opportunity and advancement
e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process, generating daily human resources reports on metrics and policies to

recommend corrective actions and improvements

EXECUTIVE ADMINISTRATOR ASSISTANT, 01/2014 - 01/2016
IBC BANK - City, STATE

e Gathered documents, data and formulated analytics to prepare issues for discussion and reports for review to expedite movement through
Senior Vice President's office.

e Wrote and enforced effective administrative procedure plans to reduce errors and prevent process delays.

¢ Coordinated and booked Sr. VP's airfare, hotel and ground transportation and prepared itinerary to facilitate successful trip.

¢ Used Outlook and excel, and Google calendar to coordinate meetings, appointments and tasks for 5 senior executives.

¢ Seamlessly interacted with Sr. VP and President to plan and complete special projects for Sales Council, Board Meeting, Shareholder
Meeting, Officer Meeting, and Sales Manager meeting

BRANCH MANAGER, 01/2012 - 01/2014
IBC BANK - City, STATE

* Received superior customer service satisfaction scores for 3 consecutive quarters.

e Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales, which resulted in 12% increase in annual sales.

¢ Oversaw branch team consisting of 8 Teller and 8 personal bankers

e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information to prevent mishandling of data and potential breaches.

* Increased new bank relationships within local community by 20% through execution of quarterly promotions.

© Developed and delivered polished sales presentations in order to highlight product and service quality.

¢ Complied with regulatory requirements including Bank Secrecy Act, Anti Money Laundering, OFAC, USA Patriot Act, Privacy Act and
Community Reinvestment Act.

¢ Recruited, interviewed, hired and trained employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and engagement.

LEAD PROJECTIONIST, 01/2008 - 01/2012
ARCLIGHT THEATER - City. STATE

e Set up and operated cinema system for public screenings and lectures and executed necessary adjustments for format and aspect ratio
changes.

e Prepared film inspection reports, attendance sheets and logbooks, and set up and inspect curtain and screen controls, and organized
equipment to achieve smooth and efficient showings.

¢ Mentored 10-15 newly hired employees on projection equipment and developed training manual for all projection day-to-day task and

special events to use for reference purposes.

EDUCATION

Master: Human Resource Development, Diversity and Inclusion, 2022
Villanova University - Villanova, PA
Currently enrolled at Villanova University Master in Science Human Resource Development Program. Projected graduation at the end of 2022.

Bachelor of Arts: Business Administration, 05/2016
HUSTON-TILLOTSTON UNIVERSITY - Austin, Texas
e Graduated Magna Cum Laude
e Minored in Human Resources
¢ Dean's List 2014-2016

High School Diploma: 05/2005

The Kinkaid School - Houston, Texas
e Vice President -Black Student Union
e Vice President- Ethnic Studies Club