JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Efficient Human Resources Assistant performs variety of clerical and technical support services for HR department. Supports pre-
employment, staffing and on-boarding processes and troubleshoots issues to meet company needs. Exhibits high level of discretion to handle
sensitive and confidential information.

SKILLS
¢ New Employee Orientations e Administrative Skills
e HR Policies and Procedures Expertise ¢ Managing Applicant Inquiries
e Hiring and Onboarding ¢ Detail-Oriented
e Negotiation Tactics e Applicant Tracking Systems ATS
¢ Hiring and Firing e ADP Workforce Now
¢ Health and Safety Programs e Resume Screening
¢ Problem Solving * Unemployment Claims
¢ Relationship Building e LinkedIn Sourcing
« Payroll Administration e Recruiting and Sourcing
¢ Staff Training and Development e Applicant Sourcing
e Payroll and Benefits Administration e Candidate Sourcing
¢ Performance Evaluations * Talent Acquisition
e Verbal and Written Communication * Cold Calling
¢ Work Planning and Organization e Leave of Absence Transitions
¢ Critical Thinking ¢ Employee Hiring

¢ Understanding of HR Policies
EXPERIENCE

04/2020 to Current Human Resources Coordinator
Affinity Gaming — Saint Joseph, MO

e Provided recruiting activity reports to management utilizing industry-specific software and guidelines.

e Troubleshot identified HR problems and implemented corrective actions to prevent recurrence.

e Maintained records of payroll forms, leave notifications, employee files, benefits information and workers'
compensation files.

¢ Conducted background checks, reference checks and employment verification.

e Facilitated delivery of HR services by establishing and maintaining positive relationships with teams and
leadership across organization.

¢ Processed salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.

e Engaged in data collection, identifying organizational needs and development solutions.

¢ Worked on 401(k) administration, FMLA and workers’ compensation claims and benefits.

e Transmitted enrollment, termination and alteration information to vendors within established timeframes to keep
changes up-to-date.

¢ Guided new hires through orientation and onboarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR
process.

© Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

e Reviewed and processed payroll-related actions to drive data accuracy and comply with company policy and
federal and state regulations.

¢ Posted job announcements and pre-screened applicants to candidates for available positions.

e Optimized traceability, developing organizational filing systems for confidential employee records and reports.

¢ Submitted monthly, quarterly and weekly reports to management for mandatory reporting.

11/2017 to 03/2020 Staffing Consultant
Some (So Others Might Eat) — High View, WV

¢ Communicated duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to potential candidates, enabling solid
understanding of job expectations.

e Brought in well-qualified, multifaced job candidates to fill open positions. (Over 15 hires and 225 calls a week)

e Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.

e Negotiated candidate salaries and prepared employment contracts.

e Trained and mentored newer recruiters in successful strategies for interviewing and qualifying candidates.

e Built and leveraged professional network connections which provided continuous and relevant applicant sources
across diverse industries and experience levels.

¢ Created and maintained strong alliances with local colleges and trade schools to establish trusted relationship and
continuous funnel of applicants.

e Strengthened operational efficiencies and traceability by developing organizational systems for maintaining
confidential employee records and reports.

e Performed professional and technical recruiting in areas of skilled trade, finance, IT, Data analyst, Operations
management, Customer service, etc.

e Contacted job applicants to inform of application status.

¢ Managed and updated recruitment ATS and CMS software. (JobDiva , Lever )

e Advertised and promoted open positions using social media and digital marketing procedures. (Indeed, Career
Builder, Monster, Dice, LinkedIn, Facebook).

08/2014 to 11/2017 Human Resources Assistant
Ibero-American Action League, Inc. — Geneva, NY

e Explained human resources policies and procedures to employees.

e Assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices.

e Answered employee questions during entrance and exit interview processes.

e Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.

e Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions.

e Managed employee onboarding with enriching internal and external training development of both online and
traditional environments.

e Initialized background checks for potential new hires.

e Ran queries and reports through ADP system.

e Advised leadership and personnel on driving HR policies, union negotiations and business strategy implementation.

e Mentored staff through constructive feedback, performance assessments and professional development
opportunities.

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily status and maintenance
activity reports that recommended corrective actions and improvements.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2014 High School Diploma
Newtown High School - Elmhurst, NY