JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Human Resources Representative Bilingual Human Resources Representative with strong customer focus, business skills and work ethic.
Proven track record of maintaining high level of confidentiality working with HR information, while delivering quality work. Experience
working in collaborative, complex matrix environments, highly adaptable to change, effectively establishing relationships across organization.
Results oriented customer focus; utilizing analytical skills to problem solve and attain optimum customer service results for stakeholders.

HiGHLicHTs

HRIS systems, SAP. People Soft, ADP, Microsoft Office Excel, Word,
Power Point, Outlook, compensation databases Compensation
Databases

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

04/2008 to Current Human Resources Ops Specialist
Afni, Inc. — Bowling Green, KY

e Providing strategic and tactical HR support, implementing HR initiatives and providing customer support while
cultivating key relationships with employees and leaders across the organization, for a client group population of
1000+ employees.

e Provide customer service support to a cross sector, cross function organization.

e Work with HR Partners across operating companies in the US and globally.

e Metrics work: support a variety of reports/queries utilizing HRIS & Excel, compiled & analyzed data & operational
information for the organization across various functions, ensuring data integrity and confidentiality.

e Managing a broad range of HR transactions ensuring timely and accurate completion.

e Acting as department interface to support policy interpretation & implementation, compensation processes,
benefits, payroll, HR Operations projects HR point of contact for new hire population, deliver new hire on-
boarding training, partner with recruiting group to ensure a successful onboarding process.

¢ Work with HRBP's on org design strategy projects, project mapping, execution of movements, reorganizations,
within departments and moving positions throughout organization.

e Cross-functional Collaboration: Partnered with stakeholders at all levels of the organization to execute accurate
structure changes, reorganizations, salary increases and promotions.

¢ Project coordinator and liaison for the operating company during the HR conversion to a Shared Service Center
design.

e Ensured compliance of company audit requirements, data flow integrity, partnered with payroll to ensure accuracy
of data.

¢ Supported HR Compliance Initiative: Manage the Affirmative Action Plan (AAP) initiatives for the operating
company, compiled and audited data, worked with third party vendor to execute annual reporting requirements.

e Maintain a high level of confidentiality and integrity while handling sensitive data for the company.

e Executed internal I-9 audits to ensure compliance; conducted user training and provided expert level information to
HR partners throughout the organization.

e Maintain & support versions of HRIS system and support end-users, by providing training support to managers,
Directors, & VP's throughout organization.

05/2004 to 10/2006 Human Resources Coordinator
Builders Firstsource, Inc. — West Valley City, UT

e Assigned as point of contact to designated client population with the responsibility of providing HR support.

e Client group ranged from 500 to 1000 employees.

e Partnered and supported Sr.

¢ Generalists to assist in employee issues, investigating, triaging & escalating critical issues in a timely manner
where necessary.

e Responsible for policy interpretation, employee relations issues working in conjunction with ER specialist group
and attorney.

e Provide ongoing resolution of specific policy-related and procedural issues and inquiries.

¢ Managed data integrity of new hire data, termination of employee data, transferring employee data, LOA's,
flextime, promotions, terminations.

e Responsible for accurate maintenance & completion I9 mandate, executed I9 immigration audit for the NY office.

04/2014 to 05/2004 Human Resources Associate Generalist
Simos — Tacoma, WA

e Provided tactical HR support and service to employees and managers for a 250-employee global equity trading
software development and technology company.

e Supported HR Director with ER relations investigations, escalating issues as needed.

¢ Consulted with foreign national employees regarding work authorization applications and statuses.

¢ Coordinated with legal counsel, line managers and employees to obtain proper documentation and provide follow-
up on pertinent information relating to H1B visa and permanent residence application processes.

¢ Supported the rollout of year-end bonus compensation communication process in conjunction with the HR
Director.

e Reviewed compensation data with CFO, utilized data to process bonus communication to employee population.

e Recruiting Support: handled job posting (internal and external websites), managed agency contacts, scheduled and
conducted interviews, and followed up with agency recruiters regarding candidates.

01/2001 to 03/2002 Human Resources Assistant
Merrill Lynch Production Technologies — City, STATE
e Provided HR support to Senior Generalist for a manufacturing facility of 300 employees.
¢ Served as translator during employee relations investigations and helped negotiate and deliver appropriate
resolution.
e Facilitated round-table meetings with employee population to ensure work place satisfaction and improvement.
¢ Implemented and maintained auditing & revising translated documents for the plant site.

01/1 to 09/2014 Recruiting Coordinator
Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, LLP — City, STATE
e Project- coordinator to a team of five senior recruiters supporting recruiting large-scale recruiting initiatives.
e Contacted prospective candidates for employment opportunities, scheduled interviews, arranged meetings with
hiring managers and performed initial telephone information gathering.
¢ Processed background checks, relocations, processed sign-on bonuses & initiated and follow-up of Visa application
processes.

EpucATION

1 2004 Bachelor of Science: Business Management
New Jersey City University - Jersey City, NJ
Business Management

Certificate of Professional HR Development-2005, Houston, TX
Rice University

LANGUAGES

Bilingual Spanish/English.

SKILLS

ADP. agency, attorney, auditing, benefits, conversion, Client, customer service, customer support, Databases, documentation, employee
relations, English, equity, functional, hiring, HRIS, HR, interpretation, legal, Director, Managing, meetings, Excel, Microsoft Office, office,
Outlook, Power Point, Word, payroll, People Soft, processes, Recruiting, reporting, SAP, Shared Service, software development, Bilingual
Spanish, strategy, strategic, user training, telephone, translator, websites, year-end