SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Decisive Administrative Assistant accustomed to managing administrative team members and handling business operations with sound
judgment and reasoned thinking. Highly resourceful with proven history of tackling complex projects with superior results. Proficient in
schedule management, company event coordination and financial reporting.

SKILLS
¢ Personnel information systems e Program file distribution
« Employee engagement ¢ Proposal writing
¢ Staff compensation e Account balancing reconciliation
¢ Staffing and recruiting professional ¢ Document retrieval
¢ Leadership development e Excel spreadsheets
« Employee handbook development e Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
¢ Payroll administration e Report analysis
« Human resources operations e Sensitive material handling
« Timeline Planning and Management ¢ Compliance
EXPERIENCE
02/2017 to Current Human Resources Manager

Rich Products Corporation — Murfreesboro, TN

e Established measures to promote diversity and drive equal access to opportunity and advancement.

¢ Created succession plans and promotion paths for staff to boost passion for reaching goals and objectives of
organization.

e Created compensation and benefits structures to align with market conditions and budget demands.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps, including
onboarding. orientation and benefits.

e Improved operational efficiencies by creating filing systems to maintain confidential employee documents and
reports.

© Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on
basis of merit and relevance with job.

* Maintained 100% protocol and procedural accuracy through HRIS management tools.

e Accurately processed data, validation and transmission for weekly, semi-monthly and sales payrolls.

¢ Maintained annual and monthly budgets.

e Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.

e Analyzed impact to financial statements of changes in tax law and settlements of tax audits.

Managed accounts payable for four organizations totaling 240 personnel.

¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

e Reviewed and processed payroll-related actions to drive data accuracy and comply with company policy and
federal and state regulations.

¢ Guided new hires through orientation, on-boarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR
process.

e Raised productivity and lowered absenteeism by setting clear expectations and rewarding good attendance.

¢ Formulated corrective action plan through analysis of management feedback and consultation with employee.

12/2015 to 10/2017 Office Manager

Blue Ridge Healthcare System, Inc.. — Hickory, NC

e Increased office organization by developing filing system and customer database protocols.

e Handled scheduling and managed timely and effective allocation of resources and calendars.

e Solicited vendor quotes to determine optimal material purchase pricing.

e Oversaw day-to-day office operations, including receiving and organizing correspondence, answering and
forwarding calls and creating business letters and records.

© Developed and actualized plans to streamline patient flows, increase office and patient care efficiency and generate
new revenues.

e Automated office operations, managing client correspondence, payment scheduling, record tracking and data
communications.

e Conferred with business leaders to evaluate needs and strategize operational improvements to boost productivity.

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process, meeting with clients to research case, collect
data, prepare settlement packages and interpret information for daily report generation.

e Strengthened community outreach by coordinating fundraisers, including managing marketing, vendor relations
and volunteer supervision processes.

e Updated employee paperwork and records.

e Generated financial reports for management review.

¢ Instituted and built dynamic team of astute and successful administrative professionals which supported all
corporate growth and productivity objectives.

e Assisted with month-end and year-end closings to support accounting system accuracy.

e Analyzed invoice and expense reports, identified variances and researched issues to correct problems and maintain
financial compliance.

e Assisted managing leaders to identify and eliminate non-value added tasks.

e Liaised between internal and external stakeholders to provide updated project status and performance reports.

e Managed scheduling for staff, monitoring resource allocation to provide optimal coverage and service.

e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel and offered information to resolve
inquiries, boosting customer satisfaction.

© Developed administrative processes to achieve organizational objectives and improve office efficiency.

08/2012 to 04/2016 Office Assistant

Mercy Medical Center - Canton — Cleveland, OH

e Received and screened high volume of internal and external communications.

e Handled requests-for-information, delegating tasks to appropriate employee to optimize customer service.

e Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.

e Strengthened traceability, developing organization systems for contracts, records, reports and agendas.

e Verified operation of office equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements and calling for repairs.

e Maintained business records by updating customer information.

e Offered diverse clerical support to office team members, including managing correspondence, answering telephone
calls and tracking documentation.

e Routed agreements. contracts and invoices through signature process.

¢ Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout office.

e Improved productivity initiatives, managing office support tasks and coordinating itinerary and scheduling
appointments.

¢ Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents to bolster organizational workflow.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2016

Bachelor of Arts: Latin American Studies
Purchase College, State University of New York

Bachelor of Arts: Language and Culture, Spanish Language