JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Conscientious and compassionate human resources professional with drive for helping employers recruit, develop and retain qualified
candidates. Skilled at partnering with management teams to build employee-centric cultures promoting positive morale and optimizing
productivity. Motivating and positive with excellent interpersonal, coaching and communication skills. To seek and maintain full-time
position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills. excellent time management and problem-solving skills. Organized

and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to

meet team goals.
SKILLS
« Payroll coordination e Company Organization
¢ Labor negotiations * Benefits and Compensation Management
*« Compensation and benefits e Conflict Resolution
e Succession planning ¢ Benefits administration

e Recruitment

* Recordkeeping

e Personnel Recruitment e File and records management
« Compensation Structuring

Work History

01/2022 to Current

Human Resources Manager
Crenlo — Rochester, MN

e Processed employee claims involving performance issues and harassment.

¢ Implemented performance reviews and motivational strategies to elevate HR team results.

© Motivated employees through special events and incentive programs.

© Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available
information for new training processes.

e Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

© Initiated and maintained workers compensation cases for tracking, reporting and legal mechanics.

© Maintained human resources regulatory compliance with local, state and federal laws.

e Maintained payroll and benefits for employees in various locations, minimizing financial discrepancies through
detailed program management.

¢ Provided resolution to complex and confidential issues.

¢ Promoted employee engagement with organizational objectives during new employee orientations and industry
conventions.

¢ Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives to improve employee engagement.

¢ Briefed new hires on essential job information, such as company policies, employment benefits and job duties.

e Retained 100% protocol on management tools and procedural accuracy.

e Worked with managers to achieve compliance with organizational policies, providing clarifying information and
recommending necessary changes.

03/2015 to 01/2016 Administrative Assistant

Imagine One — Lexington Park, MD

e Answered multi-line phone system, routing calls, delivering messages to staff and greeting visitors.

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.

¢ Screened visitors and issued badges to maintain safety and security.

e Managed relational database to store information for reference, reporting and analysis.

e Generated reports and typed letters in Word and prepared PowerPoint presentations.

e Received and sorted incoming mail and packages to record, dispatch or distribute to correct recipient.

¢ Interacted with vendors to purchase and set up equipment and services.

02/1985 to 02/2015 General Manager

EpucaTIon

06/1984

Ceva Logistics U.S., Inc. — Aguadilla, PR

e Drove year-over-year business growth while leading operations, strategic vision and long-range planning.

¢ Prepared annual budgets with controls to prevent overages.

e Reduced costs, managed delivery schedules and performed risk analysis to improve overall profitability.

© Utilized enterprise risk management software to improve operational insight and planning.

¢ Maximized operational excellence mentoring personnel on management principles, industry practices and company
procedures.

¢ Implemented operational strategies and effectively built customer and employee loyalty.

e Designed modern employee recognition program which boosted productivity and improved morale.

¢ Performed statistical analyses to gather data for operational and forecast team needs.

e Introduced new methods, practices and systems to reduce turnaround time.

e Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts and costs.

e Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development.

e Assessed reports to evaluate performance, develop targeted improvements and implement changes.

¢ Provided thoughtful guidance to personnel in navigating and resolving snags in productivity.

© Boosted productivity consolidating material planning, data collection, payroll and accounting programs into one
system.

© Developed effective business plans to align strategic decisions with long-term objectives.

© Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and team
efficiency.

e Managed budget implementations, employee evaluations and contract details.

e Reduced process bottlenecks by training and coaching employees on practices, procedures and performance
strategies.

e Evaluated suppliers to maintain cost controls and improve operations.

© Identified trends in customer marketplaces to develop valuable solutions.

High School Diploma
Marysville Pilchuck High School - Marysville, WA