JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Multi-talented Human Resources Executive successful at streamlining costs and maximizing company profile in job market. Versed in EEOC
and other relevant compliance statutes. Excellent organizational and time management skills with ability to prioritize and manage multiple

tasks.
SKILLS
« Human resources * Quality assurance
e Recruitment / Human Resources e OSHA regulations
¢ Human Resources Management (HRM) e Safety and compliance
« Human resources knowledge * Operations management
« Human resources management © Staff Management
¢ Production line management e Training skills
e Manufacturing management e Metrics management
¢ Timely safety audits ¢ Production planning
e Materials management e Continuous improvements
Work History
01/2019 to Current Human Resources

Dewolff Boberg & Associates — Grand Junction, CO

¢ Led and provided direction for human resources team of 5.

¢ Structured compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.

« Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal
entanglements.

e Directed and controlled various benefit programs, including 401K, medical, dental and vision packages.

e Assessed and aligned compensation packages to market to attract highly qualified applicants for organizational
vacancies.

¢ Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

¢ Collaborated with senior management and performed helpful tasks, including benefits analysis, corrective action
planning and big-picture data capturing.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for over 75
new employees.

© Motivated employees through training and recongition.

e Created and implemented training documention and social audit compliance systems and auditing processes
through automation.

© Utilized PropelHR system to convert all payroll and benefit programs.

e Reduced workers’ compensation claims by instituting corporate safety training program.

10/2016 to 01/2019 Production Manager

01/2013 to 10/2016

Vivendi — Franklin, TN

e Planned, organized and managed operations, including ordering materials and supplies, workflow management and
timely production.

¢ Implemented scheduled maintenance, retooling production status sheets and driving tasks to achieve scheduling
effectiveness.

e Directed manufacturing process and operational efficiency procedures to achieve goal of first run capability.

¢ Created and updated department work instructions and reports on regular basis.

© Delivered operating plans and growth objectives.

e Verified documentation of all process control parameters.

© Worked with Quality Manager to achieve proper segregation and recycling of rework.

e Addressed personnel issues and scheduling conflicts promptly.

e Routinely improved product quality and reduced delivery costs.

« Escalated safety and quality issues and initiated remedial actions promptly.

e Directed improvements in safety, product quality, service and cost efficiency.

e Determined suitable crew requirements, scheduled employees and worked with Human Resources to meet
changing production schedules.

e Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to meet aggressive production schedules.

e Supervised staff by boosting performance and training on efficiency and productivity protocols.

e¢ Completed required safety training programs for packaging/bottle filling environments.

¢ Managed continuous improvement initiatives to drive gains in quality, flow and output.

¢ Implemented quality improvement changes to minimize product defect rates.

e Standardized production procedures, job roles and quality assurance guidelines.

Production Supervisor
Tech Air — El Paso, TX

e Conducted routine inspections of incoming materials to check quality and compliance with established product
specifications.

¢ Boosted production throughput and quality by revamping procedures and monitoring strategies.

e Evaluated team member performance every year to identify and resolve productivity concerns.

e Evaluated employee skills and knowledge regularly, providing hands-on training and mentoring to individuals with
lagging skills.

¢ Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays due to
hazards or inefficient layouts.

¢ Implemented job rotation program to identify and quickly resolve root cause issues bottlenecking production levels.

e Oversaw equipment modifications and upgrades.

e Set and revised production schedules to meet changing demands.

08/2010 to 12/2012 Mailing Inkjet Supervisor

EpucaTIoNn

08/2021

Indexx, Inc. — City, STATE

e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.

e Managed quality assurance program, including on-site evaluations, internal audits and customer surveys.
¢ Resolved conflicts and negotiated mutually beneficial agreements between parties.

© Developed team communications and information for production meetings.

e Saved $7500 annually by implementing cost-saving initiatives that addressed long-standing problems.

e Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins.

Associate of Science: Management
Greenville Technical College - Greenville, SC