JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Methodical and versatile Human Resources Specialist with eight years of hands-on experience in consulting food industry-related
organizations. Proficiency in Employee Management , protocol training and policy implementation. I bring 10 years of experience providing
guidance on human resources topics and challenges. In-depth knowledge of employee management, training program implementation and HR
operational efficiency strategies.

SKILLS
* Management Consulting e Decision Making
« Termination Documentation ¢ Policy Interpretation
¢ Employee Relations e Business Intelligence
« Work Complaint Handling ¢ Complex Problem Solving
¢ Procedure Compliance e Training Development and Execution
« New Hire Onboarding * Conflict Resolution
e Harassment Investigation e ADP Workforce
e Recruitment Management © Performance Appraisal
Work History

01/2022 to Current Human Resources Specialist
Caterpillar — Chapel Hill, NC

¢ Maximized team knowledge and productivity by training, monitoring and directing employees in application of
best practices and regulatory protocols.

e Reviewed existing policies and procedures to make recommendations for enhancing work productivity,
recruitment, hiring processes and talent management.

e Contributed to annual performance appraisals by working with supervisors to achieve consistency and compliance
with established procedures.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, alleviate problems and interpret
compensation and benefits policies.

© Delivered consultative services and recruited qualified and diversified candidates for employment.

e Analyzed issues and employed improvement processes.

¢ Implemented quality control initiatives to reduce downtime and increase revenue.

e Planned and managed recruitment activities for new hires using strategic personnel, staffing and position
management practices.

e Conserved time and improved workflows by handling special projects and emergency solutions.

e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for positions.

e Advocated for staff members and counsel supervisors to identify and resolve conflicts.

e Partnered with senior leadership to establish and develop corporate and HR policies and procedures.

e Reviewed and screened applicant resumes to identify qualified candidates.

11/2008 to 01/2020 Director of Operations
Menlo Group Commercial Real Estate — Tempe, AZ

e Oversaw day-to-day production activities in accordance with business objectives.

© Defined, implemented and revised operational policies and guidelines.

e Managed procurement, inventory and warehouse operations.

e Evaluated performance, adjusted strategies and maintained agile, sustainable operations.

e Provided documentation of processes to comply with regulations and company policies.

¢ Set team and individual KPIs and provided regular, actionable feedback.

© Modernized and improved operational procedures to increase productivity and profitability while tightly
controlling costs.

¢ Led change and transformation across business areas to deliver benefits and align company resources.

e Devised new promotional approaches to boost customer numbers and market penetration while enhancing
engagement and driving growth.

* Monitored budget and utilized operational resources.

e Kept up-to-date with industry trends and identified areas of opportunity to drive improvements.

¢ Monitored office workflow and administrative processes to keep operations running smoothly.

e Achieved team goals through formalized training plans, coaching and performance management.

¢ Worked collaboratively with functional leaders to implement new procedures and corrective actions to improve
quality.

e Interviewed and hired strong candidates for team openings, using newspapers, job boards and social media to find
applicants.

e Coordinated leadership workshops to educate team members on best practices to optimize productivity.

© Developed and optimized organizational systems to boost efficiency and keep operations scalable and agile for
changing demands.

e Created and implemented aggressive action plan to address pressing cost control needs.

e Directed management meetings to enhance collaboration and maintain culture based on trust and group problem-
solving.

¢ Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture relationships.

e Eased team transitions and new employee orientation through effective training and development.

e Supervised creation of exciting merchandise displays to catch attention of store customers.

e Reported issues to higher management with great detail.

e Reduced operational risks while organizing data to forecast performance trends.

e Directed product flow and informed management of delays and challenges, as well as suggested resolutions.

e Supported top-level decision-making and strategy planning, forging productive relationships with top leaders and
serving as key advocate for various personnel issues.

e Recruited, hired and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of
positions for new organization.

Managed, trained and motivated personnel to continuously improve knowledge and abilities in food industry field.

e Trained new employees on proper protocols and customer service standards.

© Updated and resolved incidents and managed accessorial charges objectively while maximizing profit.

¢ Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover.

¢ Served instrumental role in organizational transformation and implementation and participated in four successful
large-scale corporate restructurings.

e Delivered leadership to executive team dedicated to driving ambitious targets with well-orchestrated plans.

¢ Cultivated and strengthened lasting client relationships using strong issue resolution and dynamic communication
skills.

e Tracked employee attendance and punctuality, addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent long-term habits.

e Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity and performance metrics.

e Recruited , hired and onboarded team members.

© Observed each employee's individual strengths and initiated mentoring program to improve areas of weakness.

e Directed strategic workforce planning, performance management, and benefits administration.

e Managed 67 team members across nine departments, resulting in approximate $700,000 increase in annual revenue.

e Delivered disciplinary actions, Performance improvement Plans and terminations.

e Reviewed timekeeping for accuracy.

01/2002 to 06/2008 Medical Biller, Accounts Receivable
Saddleback Medical Group — City, STATE

¢ Prepared billing statements for patients and verified correct diagnostic coding.

e Reviewed patient records, identified medical codes and created invoices for billing purposes.

e Communicated with insurance providers to resolve denied claims and resubmitted.

e Prevented financial delinquencies by working closely with managers to resolve billing issues before becoming
unmanageable.

e Analyzed complex Explanation of Benefits forms to verify correct billing of insurance carriers.

© Orchestrated medical coding, payment posting, accounts receivables and collections.

¢ Collected payments and applied to patient accounts.

© Posted payments and collections on regular basis.

e Prepared accounts with past due balances and transferred those cases to collection agency.

e Translated and interpreted medical billing codes with strong accuracy to enable swift payment from insurance
agencies.

e Liaised between patients, insurance companies and billing office.

EpucaTIon
Bachelor of Arts: Business Administration And Management
Saddleback College - Mission Viejo, CA

06/2008 Culinary Arts : Chef Training
Le Cordon Blu - Pasadena, CA

06/2001 High School Diploma
Capistrano Valley High School - Mission Viejo, CA