JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Knowledgeable Human Resources Manager develops and maintains effective relationships with broad group of stakeholders to foster trust and
influence key staff development decisions. Delivers results under difficult conditions and demonstrates balanced judgment. Possesses strong

organizational skills to manage, assess and review human resources activities.

SKILLS

e Human Resources Procedures e Employee Guidance
e Employee Relations Oversight e Hiring Trends and Analysis
e Administering Disciplinary Procedures ¢ Workforce Improvements
¢ Health and Safety Programs e HR Strategy
e Forecasting Employment Needs ¢ Compliance
¢ Cross-Functional Collaboration ¢ Employment Record Verification
* Statistical Data Analysis ¢ Employee Engagement Strategies
e Training Needs Analysis

Work HIsTORY

Area Human Resources Manager, 12/2015 - Current
Autokiniton — Bellevue, OH
¢ Consulted and reviewed grievances and handled investigations and analyses to prepare answers and resolutions.
e Analyzed statistical data and reports to identify causes of workplace turnover and developed solutions to increase retention.
* Collaborated with management to identify and resolve staff problems and concerns to support job satisfaction and productivity.
e Assisted leadership in development and reinforcement of organizational strategies, structure and processes.
e Offered counsel and guidance on employee relations issues and interpreted company policies, procedures and guidelines to encourage
consistency.
e Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational standards.
¢ Motivated employees through special events, incentive programs and constructive feedback.
¢ Coordinated with senior leadership and handled managerial needs by implementing fresh solutions into business strategies.
e Implemented performance review and motivational strategies to elevate HR team results.
¢ Collaborated with senior management and performed benefits analysis, corrective action planning and big-picture data capturing.
e Evaluated training program success and presented strategic improvement recommendations to upper management.
¢ Monitored and handled employee claims involving performance-based and harassment incidents.
* Conducted company-wide town hall meetings to convey updates.
e Expanded operational bases and increased revenues by developing and integrating business plans.

Store Manager, 07/2012 - 12/2015
Goodwill Industries Of Southeast Wisconsin, Inc. — Bartlett, IL
¢ Managed inventory control, cash control and store opening and closing procedures.
« Managed store employees successfully in fast-paced environment through proactive communication and positive feedback.
* Completed point of sale opening and closing procedures.
e Maximized sales and minimized shrinkage through excellent customer service and adherence to standard practices.
* Coached sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques, significantly increasing customer satisfaction
ratings.
© Set effective store schedules based on forecasted customer levels, individual employee knowledge and service requirements.
¢ Reviewed and monitored scheduling, purchases and other expenses to maintain quarterly budget.

¢ Promoted team collaboration, performance and efficiency by fostering healthy environments focused on mutual success.

Merchandising Manager, 07/2010 - 07/2012
Bunge — Emporia, KS
e Set sales quotas, established performance expectations and visited retailers to optimize sales and customer service.
¢ Planned out sales cycles to develop and service accounts by using product marketing, prospecting, promotion and merchandising for
product awareness and placement.
e Oversaw inventory counts each [Timespan] to maintain stock records and account for shrinkage.

e Organized meetings for up to [Number] staff members to discuss upcoming promotions. key strategies and tasks.

Assistant Store Manager, 09/2008 - 06/2010
Jack Flash — Arthur, IL
e Maintained positive customer relationships by responding quickly to customer service inquiries.
e Managed opening and closing procedures and recommended changes to enhance efficiency of daily activities.
* Responded to customer concerns, working with manager to significantly raise customer satisfaction ratings.
e Supervised and evaluated staff, enabling them to improve skills, achieve daily objectives and attain advancement.
e Interviewed, hired and trained staff associates and equipped to comply with company policies and procedures.
* Coached sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques, significantly increasing customer satisfaction
ratings.

EDUCATION
Associate of Arts: Sales And Marketing . 08/1998
KBBZ - Germany

LANGUAGES
Arabic: German:

Negotiated: Negotiated: