SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

To bring to your organization enthusiasm, dedication, responsibility, integrity and good work ethic, combined
with a desire to utilize my skills obtained through experience in the following areas: Management, Human
Resources, Leadership, Recruiting, Learning and Development Management, Training Coordinator,
Employee Relations. Ability to maintain a positive approach in interactions with customers and team members.
| possess virtual leadership experience and the ability to effectively manage and build relationships with
leaders and team members in geographically dispersed environments. Have demonstrated aptitude for
delivering results with speed and agility in a fast paced environment. Able to effectively and constructively
lead change in an organization. Have demonstrated ability to implement strategic plans, which result in
successful tactical implementation.

Word, Excel, Power Point, & Outlook e Microsoft Office Suite expert

Strategic planning e« Troubleshooting and problem solving
Negotiations expert e Dedicated

Certified Production and Inventory Control Manager e Mergers and acquisitions knowledge

(CPIM) e¢ Team building

Analytical * Multi-site operations

HUMAN RESOURCES 05/2012 to 04/2015

Abm | Southfield, MI

Developed and shared best practices across the company, including employee benefits.
¢ Volt will place me on an assignment and | will perform some of the basic human resources duties.
¢ | will file some applications sometimes | will do some clerical work.
« Sometimes a project will be handed to me, and to enter basic employee information on the computer.
e Spent a great deal of time putting information of client's employees into a digital form program.

HL YWIAN RESOURCE MANAGER 04/2006 to 10/2011
Ford Motor Company Us | Rawsonville, MI

e Handled all Human Resources/ management issues for all employees in the seven states.

e Effectively employing consulting tools and methodologies to determine employee performance needed
to achieve business objectives, the gap between needed and actual performance, and the delivery of
HR programs to maximize performance.

e Conducted orientation, operational safety, company policies and procedures, and IVR training for over
300 employees.

e Responsible for all discipline and investigations of the labor force/CMT issues as well as labor board
Supervised eight direct employees in two locations.

e Responsible for the facilitation of training programs across servicing states.

¢ Specifically responsible for, managing, coaching, and developing a geographically dispersed Learning
and Development facilitation staff to ennance performance, contributions, and internal company policy
focus.

e Creating schedules for delivery of training to business partner groups to include new hires and
continuous learning in accordance with company policy as well as all CTE issues addressed accordingly
Ensuring full alignment of HR strategy with core business strategies Oversaw the daily operations on
both locations, approved all bi-weekly payrolls for each location.

e Ran and supervised all IVR reporting with direct labor force for billing attendance purposes.

e Responsible for recruitment for direct labor force through private local agencies throughout seven
states.

« Worked with E- Verify and |-9 forms.

e Issued drug test forms and conducted back ground checks on all employees.

e Handled all FMLA disability workers compensation requests and reporting.

e Experience in building and leading a team of high performing facilitators.

e Identify opportunities to improve efficiencies, decrease complexity, to reduce overall learning expense
and improve learning solution effectiveness.

e Leveraging performance metrics and measures to continually assess the effectiveness of training

delivery.

e Consulting with business partners to ensure that training programs meet established business
objectives.

e Building and maintaining current knowledge of the company's industry and business priorities and
practices.

e Maintaining current knowledge of best practices in learning and development solutions. industry
practices, and implementation solutions.

e Conduct interviews, handle all of the payroll and time sheets, handle all ER/benefits and upper
management LOA.

DICTRICT GENERAL MANAGER 05/1994 to 04/2006
Ceva Logistics U.S., Inc. | Plainfield, IN

e In charge of daily operations: consisting of cargo loading and unloading of air crafts and warehousing
with three supervisors and 33 employees.

e In charge of every aspect of the terminal operations.

e Placed ads in local papers and interviewed potential candidates.

e In charge of the employee disciplinary system including hiring and terminating.

e Worked directly with BDL airport security in processing new applicants.

e Always keeping a high level of security and making sure it was up to TSA code.

e Worked directly with local and federal agencies regarding security issues.

e Assisted in placing bids for new contracts that would create new revenue.

e Worked close with contract customers to provide a full personal service.

e Took care of employee needs and concerns with company policies and benefits.

e Responsible for part time and full time operations in both sides of the airport.

e Working close with OSHA to provide a safe work environment.

e Responsible for processing all background checks and [-9 verifications.

e Worked with US Customs when handling International Charter aircrafts.

e Responsible for field operations during winter season of De-Icing.

e Processed payroll, audits, weekly reports, and weekly customer billings.

MBA | Business Management
Hofstra University, Hempstead, New York
Business Management / Banking

Fully proficient in English and Spanish *Excellent written and oral communication skills (English and Spanish)

Attention to detail, basic, benefits. billings, business strategies, clerical, coaching, oral communication,
Consulting, contracts. client, delivery.focus, forms, hiring, HR. Human Resources/ management, IVR, ADP
payroll, FMLA, |-9 forms, management skills, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Word, organizational, payroll,
policies, recruitment, reporting, safety, Spanish fluency, strategy, time management, training programs,
warehouse logistics, Train the trainer, contract signing, recruitment, Dealt with unions, organized,
unemployment hearings, able to manage multiple employees and contracts, | am a leader.