SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Driven HR Specialist bringing an innovative approach to human resource management while creating a team-
driven environment that fosters room for development and growth while assisting the company to accomplish

its mission and goals.

e Recruiting °

« Employee relations e

« Complex problem-solving e

« HR policy/procedure development °

« HRIS °

« Workplace diversity cultivation .
HR BUSINESS ASSOCIATE

Colgate-Palmolive Company | Seattle, WA

Staff training and development

Project management

Payroll and benefits administration

Data evaluation

Affirmative action

Experience with SAP. ADP. Ceridian, Dayforce,
eTime, GRMS

05/2016 to CURRENT

e Training and Development: Work with site leadership to develop and implement training processes
and plans that drive operational excellence and functional/technical competence.

e Recruiting: Plan and coordinate the multi-step recruitment and selection process for Technicians and
other positions including testing, interviews, background checks, physical/drug screens and new hire
on-boarding processes. Utilize the Global Recruitment Management System (GRMS) and ensure
effective advertisement and applicant tracking for all positions. Work to match hiring needs with diversity
goals by establishing and maintaining relationships with external educational institutions and community

outreach organizations.

e Project Management: Creating and leading various projects within the function that support recruiting

needs, DE&l Initiatives, etc.

¢ Employee Relations: Maintain an ongoing and open communication with front line supervisors to
monitor potential issues: support informal and formal discipline discussions and documentation. Work
with managers to implement proactive employee relations and employee engagement initiatives.

¢ Affirmative Action: Develop and assemble all information and analysis as it relates to the Affirmative
Action Plan for the plant. Ensure on-going compliance to EEO initiatives and AAP goals. Lead actions to
meet AAP annual goals based on analysis of workforce and local labor availability.

¢ Benefits: Assist in resolving issues for employees as it relates to benefits by interacting with the HR
Info Center, corporate benefits, and medical providers at the request of employees who have concerns
and need assistance in resolution. Understand and interpret benefit policies and procedures. Provide
assistance and interpretation of guidelines/policies as it relates to time off work for FMLA, approved
leaves of absence, parental leave and vacation/holidays.

e Performance Management: Provide support with discipline discussions and documentation. Track
and maintain Performance Enhancement Plan (PEP) documents.

e« Leave Management: Manage employee absences and leaves tracking (absences, emergency
vacation, STD, FMLA, parental, bereavement, etc.), timekeeping database management and conduct

regular audits.

e« Employee Programs: Coordinate and manage employee programs and celebrations including service
awards, retirements, team buildings. community involvement and other local site celebrations.

¢ HR Data Integrity: Maintain HRIS data and audit-ready HR records, including candidate and master job
files, leave files, medical files, training files, and |-9 files.

« Compensation: Support compensation processes including the quarterly bonus plan, annual wage

surveys and technician wage increases.

¢ HR Budget Planning/Payroll: Conduct bi-weekly payroll through ADP/eTime. Provide timely, accurate,
and efficient execution of monthly spend. Budget ownership of HR budget/LE.

HUMAN RESOURCES ADMINISTRATIVE TECHNICIAN
Americold Logistics | Tomah, WI

e Training and Development
e Recruiting

e Employee Programs

e Leave Management

¢ HR Data Integrity

¢ HR Budget Planning/Payroll
e Performance Management

ACOMNISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Hill's Pet Nutrition | City, STATE

e Recruiting

e Training and Development
e Employee Programs

e« Leave Management

¢ HR Data Integrity

Bachelor's Degree | Psychology, Business Administration
Central Methodist University, Park Hills, MO

AsCociates Degree | General Studies
Mineral Area College, Park Hills, MO

e« = https:/Awww.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-7758b892/

03/2014 to 05/2016

09/2013 to 03/2014

2012

2010