JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Human Resource professional offering ten years of experience specializing in recruitment, employee relations, project management and
employee benefits. Currently, a Senior HR Generalist servicing over 250 internal employees and managing and leading temporary onsite
agencies, successfully managing all aspects of group health benefits, billing, payroll deductions, and leave of absences. Broad background
supporting operational-level planning, policies, resources management, contingency operations, and mission objectives. Skilled in collecting
data, evaluating effectiveness, researching, and developing new processes.

Wessrte, PortForio, PROFILES
© www linkedin.com/in/JessicanClaire
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Planned and implemented the company-wide rollout of a proactive safety and health target program. partnering with field management
and supervisory staff, and effectively reduced overall accidents by 86%.

¢ Collaborated with a team of employees in the development of department and factory safety and kaizen audits to achieve ISO 45001
certification.

« Supervised team of 8 staff members.

SKILLS
¢ Talent management ¢ Cultural awareness
¢ Training development e Risk management
¢ Benefits and compensation e Recruitment
« Wages and salary © Organizational Development
« Process improvement recommendations ¢ Building morale
Work History

01/2019 to Current Senior Human Resources Generalist
Illinois Tool Works — Oneonta, NY

e Maximized team knowledge and productivity by effectively training. monitoring and directing employees in
application of best practices and regulatory protocols.

¢ Led special training courses such as yearly sexual harassment seminars.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, alleviate problems and interpret
compensation and benefits policies.

e Organized and carried out status meetings to inform staff of developments, goals and tactics as well as best
practices suggestions to drive success.

e Launched company-wide HR strategies, practices and benefits and compensation policies to drive departmental and
business objectives.

e Discovered and resolved complex problems that affected management and business decisions.

¢ Contributed to annual performance appraisals by working with supervisors to achieve consistency and compliance
with established procedures.

© Coordinated implementation of people-related services, policies and programs through departmental staff.

e Partnered with senior leadership to establish and develop a safety team that resulted in fewer accidents.

¢ Recruited well-qualified candidates to fill as many as 100 positions each year

06/2015 to 01/2019 Human Resources Generalist
Alcatraz Cruises — Fayetteville, NC

¢ Followed up with notable applicants sourced via industry-specific pipelines, events and job fairs.

e Maintained in-depth understanding of Manufacturing trends and hiring desires.

e Partnered with hiring managers and organizational leadership to ascertain hiring needs and subsequently provide
candidate recommendations.

e Tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables.

¢ Developed and deepened relationships with college campus representatives to meet with graduating seniors for
recruitment.

e Drafted and submitted key performance indicator report for organizational leadership to keep abreast of accident
and safety data.

05/2014 to 05/2015 Corporate Benefits Specialist
Alcatraz Cruises — Bangor, WA

e Directed and controlled various benefit programs, including 401K, medical, dental and vision packages.

e Resolved issues and inquiries from plan participants regarding health and welfare benefits and deductions through
telephone, email and in-person interactions.

¢ Developed and oversaw incentive plans, stock options, corporate credit cards and compensation policies
determined by financial analysis.

e Checked employees’ benefits enrollment for accuracy and inputted all data into Work Day.

e Advised managers and employees on state and federal employment regulations, collective agreements and
classification programs.

¢ Collaborated with organizational leadership and corporate brokers to achieve a cost effective and competitive
benefits package.

¢ Completed accurate benefit reconciliation for 100% selfbill process

¢ Lead open enrollment tasks including updating enrollment guide, benefit changes and benefit premiums.

04/2012 to 05/2014 Human Resources Recruiter
Universal Health Services — Richmond, VA

e Oversaw and managed on-boarding processes and programs to successfully integrate new, transferred and
promoted employees.

e Maintained thorough understanding and knowledge of hiring practices, recruitment strategies and staffing industry
trends.

e Generated specific candidate pool for career opportunities through strategic placement of advertisements,
evaluation of applicant credentials, and conducting initial interviews and pre-screening assessments.

* Developed tools to help individual departments and business units achieve goals in fostering culture of diversity
and inclusion.

e Liaised with hiring managers to develop and implement strategies to source and recruit top talent.

e Guided candidate recruitment and selection to create and drive workforce in alignment with company diversity and
inclusion goals.

¢ Compiled and produced qualified candidates’ information for hiring manager's review and liaised between parties
to coordinate formal, management interviews.

¢ Followed up with notable applicants sourced via industry-specific pipelines, events and job fairs.

e Tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications. time-to-fill statistics and other variables.

10/2011 to 12/2011 Human Resources Recruiter
Universal Health Services — Austin, TX
e Contracted temporarily to establish new a Bed Bath and Beyond Store.
e Responsible for initial screening and hiring of store managers, full/part time employees.
¢ Developed hiring strategies, forecast growth and employee turnover.
e Recruited and retained staff of 35 employees

01/2009 to 04/2011 Human Resources Generalist
Alcatraz Cruises — Camden, AL
e Managing clients’ accounts, attracting and screening qualified personnel for various positions in the industrial,
manufacturing and medical fields
e Assist the director and CEO with the establishment of new employee orientation and onboarding
e Successfully prepared and processed clients’ accounts and applicant tracking records
e Extended superior customer service to coworkers, clients and employees, allowing business growth and employee

retention
EpucatTIon
08/2021 Master of Arts: Human Resources Management
Ashford University - San Diego, CA
05/2011 Bachelor of Arts: Organizational Management
Ashford University - San Diego, CA
CERTIFICATIONS

Society of Human Resources (SHRM) - CP