JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic employee eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of people management and countless computer programs and training in safety procedures. Motivated to learn, grow and excel

in any situation.

SKILLS
¢ Professionals in Human Resources Association e Safety Procedures
e Understanding of human resources e Customer service
« Human resources modeling e Customer assistance
¢ Human resources administration © Safety compliance
¢ Parks and recreation policies © Safety awareness
e Team building e Performance improvements
¢ Lifeguard operations e Parental Communication
¢ First Aid and CPR © Strategic Planning
* Code inspections
Work History

08/2019 to Current Student Worker in Human Resources
Sands Of Kahana — Lahaina, HI

¢ Devoted special emphasis to punctuality and worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently

arriving to work ready to start immediately.

¢ Forecasted expected personnel demands and developed forward-thinking approaches to achieve objectives.

e Followed programs closely to assess effectiveness and make proactive changes to meet changing demands.

¢ Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives to improve employee engagement.

© Managed employee exit interviews and paperwork.

¢ Improved productivity initiatives while coordinating itineraries and scheduling appointments.
e Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Maintained and scheduled complex calendars.

04/2019 to 08/2020 Lifeguard
City Of Lakewood, Co — Lakewood, CO

e Learned and maintained proficiency in first responder skills such as First Aid and CPR to offer individuals in

distress optimal support.
© Monitored safety of all guests in and around swimming pools and slides.
e Attentively watch over swimmers being quick to identify those in distress.
© Detailed factors such as weather, incidents and aid rendered in daily reports to management.

e Garnered valuable swim instruction to patrons of various ages to build confidence, strength, and skills in positive
learning environment.

¢ Complied with pool policies and procedures and offered suggestions to staff to maximize safety awareness.

¢ Maximized customer satisfaction by greeting all pool patrons with courtesy and resolving any issues promptly and
with positive attitude.

e Entered water immediately to pull struggling swimmers to safety.

e Performed lifesaving measures, including CPR during incidents until paramedics arrived on scene.

e Prevented falls near and into pool by calmly reminding patrons to exercise caution around edges.

04/2018 to 08/2018 Amusement Ride Operator

Six Flags Magic Mountain — City, STATE

¢ Performed troubleshooting and routine maintenance to keep equipment in optimal working condition.

e Oversaw maintenance and operation of Twisted Colossus, Tidal Wave, Batman the Ride, Wonder Woman: Lasso of
Truth, Scream, and the Flash Speed Force equipment, maintaining safety, cleanliness and operational efficiency.

e Latched safety gate after guests entered and exited to avoid unauthorized access to attraction area.

¢ Promoted safety of visitors and mitigated liability risks by monitoring recreation areas, enforcing rules and safety
policies.

e Followed posted height and age restrictions and denied access to attraction for guests under minimum
requirements.

e Resolved guest issues by identifying source of complaint and formulating corrective action with supervisor.

e Assisted customers in entering and exiting rides, providing balance support and general directions.

© Maximized customer service and satisfaction by providing directions to visitors regarding requested locations,
events and landmarks.

e Engaged safety devices and monitored attraction during operation to reduce safety risks.

11/2016 to 10/2017 Gymnastics Coach

Gymnastics Unlimited — City, STATE

e Directed ambitious practice sessions to boost athletic abilities and teamwork.

* Boosted performance of individual athletes by devising strategic personal training programs.
e Arranged and maintained gym equipment, setting aside unserviceable gym equipment for repair.
¢ Maintained equipment, facilities and inventory to avoid accidents, mishaps and damage.

¢ Developed and gave presentations to families and community groups to promote program.

e Briefed safety rules and standards to students and spotters at beginning of each class.

¢ Collaborated with coaches, students and administrators to run high-quality program.

¢ Promoted proper stretching, warmups and conditioning exercises to prevent sports injuries.

e Introduced games and drills, which helped students to better develop skill levels.

¢ Carefully monitored athletes during play and practice to quickly identify injuries.

EpucATION

05/2019 High School Diploma
Valencia High School - Valencia, CA
e Graduated with 3.8 GPA.
© Member of Valencia High School Cheer from 2015 to 2019.
¢ Member of Associated Student Body from 2017 to 2018.
e Awarded the Viking Valor Award for Chemistry in 2017.
¢ Coach of the Special Olympics Cheer team in 2018.
© Member of Feeding it Forward from 2018 to 2019.
¢ Member of the California Scholarship Federation from 2017 to 2019.
e Received the Los Angeles Fire Department Runner-Up Scholarship in 2019.
e Received a 1250 on the College Board SAT in November of 2018.

05/2023 Bachelor of Science in Nursing: Nursing
Mount Saint Mary's University - Los Angeles, CA
¢ Member of California Nursing Students Association from 2019 to present.
e Fundraising Chair of the California Nursing Students Association from March 2020 to present.
¢ Cumulative GPA of 3.638.
e Received an 80% on the Kaplan Nursing Entrance Exam.