JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills. excellent time management and
problem-solving skills.

SKILLS
e Talent management ¢ Communication
e Training and mentoring e Candidate tracking
e Differentiated instruction e Salary and benefits negotiations
e Training material development e Applicant Tracking Systems
e Classroom expertise e Recruitment
¢ Digital Tools e Organization and Time Management
Work HIsToRY

Human Resources: Talent Acquisition, 05/2020 - Current
Altabancorp — Provo, UT
¢ Develop communication and marketing plan and leverage talent acquisition tools. resources and campaigns to source and attract top talent.
e Act as brand ambassador to educate candidates on culture, career growth, benefits and advantages of working for company.
e Evaluate resumes, interview and present qualified candidates to hiring managers and solicited feedback to refine recruiting strategy.
¢ Create onboarding solutions to tailor options for hourly and professional hiring needs.
* Optimize sourcing networks and used proactive methods to direct source candidates.
e Analyze recruiting metrics to share reports and recommendations with stakeholders.
e Handle new-hire orientation and basic recruiting tasks for best-in-class talent identification

e Leverage employee referrals, direct sourcing, Internet applications and recruitment agencies to source candidates for positions.

Loan Officer, 05/2019 - 05/2020
Fullbloom — Norfolk, VA
¢ Monitored pipelines to track and log status of loans.
e Handled customer complaints with relative ease by conducting research, listening carefully and taking appropriate action.
e Explained very technical financial information to applicants in easy to understand language.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Determined needs, delivered solutions and overcame objections through consultative selling skills.
e Used CRM software to maintain detailed contact logs and account records.

Educator Consultant, 01/2015 - 01/2019
Region 10 ESC — City, STATE
* Continuously delivered top-quality training documentation, manuals, and tools addressing needs of specific specialists groups such as
Classroom Teachers, Campus Administrators, and District Administrators.
e Delivered private instruction to adult learners in variety of fields on leadership development, professional writing, business communication
and delivery of proposals and presentations.
* Created curricula, research topics and conceptualized course format, subject matter, and presentation.
e Teamed with subject matter experts in evaluation and revision of training tools in order to continually improve learning platforms.
¢ Designed, implemented and managed successful training programs to meet department and school needs.
e Targeted diverse learning modalities in development of new course content and training programs.
e Effectively implemented best training practices and adult learning principles in planning and creation of instructional materials.
¢ Designed course materials and support implementation.
* Collaborated with administrators to determine course objectives.
© Provided subject matter expertise on all courses, materials and lesson plans.

Guest Teacher / Mentor Teacher, 01/2015 - 05/2018
Uplift Education — City, STATE
¢ Promoted positive learning environment in classrooms for students in grades 6 to 8.
¢ Provided instruction for students in core subject areas.
e Diversified classroom instruction and group activities to successfully support students with unique strengths and learning styles.
« Integrated existing and new technology into classroom to help provide creative and fun learning environment.
e Administered standardized assessments with strict requirements and documented information in permanent records.

¢ Kept accurate and current attendance records and assignment sheets to maintain file compliance.

Instructional Coach, 08/2007 - 12/2014
Academy Of Dallas Charter School — City, STATE
© Met diverse student population needs by planning and implementing lessons with wide variety of teaching strategies.
* Coached teachers to improve practices through professional development and modeling instructional strategies.
e Reviewed formative and summative data and information from diagnostic tests to accurately assess students.
* Developed staff members’ attitudes, skills, and knowledge through various professional development targeted topics.
e Analyzed student data, diagnosed instructional needs and identified research-based instructional strategies.
e Built and maintained positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues and administrators.
¢ Worked with students in classrooms or home environments to provide educational support.
* Coordinated parent meetings, discussing student progress and developing individualized solutions to areas of concern.
¢ Provided one-on-one and small group instruction to over 100 students falling behind in foundational skills.
© Provided early intervention assistance to struggling students.
¢ Integrated technology into sessions to further enhance student learning.
e Created special handouts, study guides and enrichment materials to boost student knowledge.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Mathematics
Almeda College - Boise, ID

in Progress: Liberal Arts And General Studies
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

IDEA

SIOP, TALA, & TMSFA

TELPAS Rater

TXCSS Member, Seminar Facilitator

TEKS, STAAR, STAAR PLD Committees (Math 5th - 8th)