JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Forward-thinking analyst proficient in, developing and motivating employees. Well-versed in explaining benefits packages to assist employee
comprehension and decision-making. Builds rapport at all levels and resolve issues quickly. Dedicated Human Resources professional
bringing 5 years of expertise in benefits administration, recruitment and staff development. Talented in bridging gaps between labor forces
and management to achieve objectives. Driven and decisive with passion for building and retaining highly effective teams. Strategic problem
solver, change manager and visionary team player with success implementing plans to meet current and future needs.

SKILLS

« Reporting Requirements © Staff Management

¢ Inventory Management ¢ Staff Development

« Daily Operations Management © Oracle PeopleSoft

« Human Resource Information System HRIS e Organization and Prioritization
Work History

03/2019 to Current Human Resources
Dewolff Boberg & Associates — Fort Wayne, IN

e Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

¢ Directed and controlled 401K, medical, dental and vision benefit packages.

e Oversaw hiring, staffing, and labor law compliance.

* Updated HR database with new employee information, changes in benefits and other details.

e Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees, which included distribution of all paperwork.

e Managed benefits enrollment by answering questions and aiding employees with login details.

e Planned, monitored and appraised employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees.

e Enhanced team workflows and employee job satisfaction by coordinating communication between managers and
employees.

e Forecasted expected personnel demands and developed forward-thinking approaches to achieve objectives.

© Double-checked combat readiness of soldiers.

¢ Oversaw promotions and position changes and handled paperwork.

e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal
entanglements.

e Assisted senior management with making key decisions by developing and submitting performance and
compensation reports with status updates and improvement recommendations.

e Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence.

11/2017 to 03/2019 Human Resources Manager
Amplifon Usa — Huntington Beach, CA

e Established and developed highly efficient and dependable administrative team by delivering ongoing coaching and
motivation and fostering career advancement.

® Monitored and evaluated personnel performance to complete annual reviews, recommend advancement or address
productivity concerns.

e Assisted office head in planning and execution of office renovation, including coordinating movement of office
furniture, files and employees during construction.

e Planned and executed company events such as year-end holiday party, meetings and staff mixers to promote office
morale and cohesion.

¢ Implemented new training programs for administrative personnel on office operations and latest technologies.

e Created document management system to reduce paper usage and improve accuracy of tracking.

¢ Developed and implemented policies and procedures and scaled for growth.

e Created digital filing system to reduce paper usage and toner consumption.

© Hired, trained and supervised staff of 9 and implemented mentoring program that offered positive employee
engagement.

e Implemented performance review and motivational strategies to elevate HR team results.

Monitored and handled employee claims involving performance-based and harassment incidents.

¢ Motivated employees through special events, incentive programs and constructive feedback.

© Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available
information for new training processes.

e Enhanced staff knowledge and awareness on drug abuse and prevention programs.

¢ Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational
standards.

¢ Coordinated with senior leadership and handled managerial needs by implementing fresh solutions into business
strategies.

e Evaluated training program success and presented strategic improvement recommendations to upper management.

e Organized and led staff orientation programs and training to promote collaboration.

e Facilitated onboarding sessions and on-the-job training for new hires, bolstering employee job position knowledge
and skillset.

¢ Boosted customer satisfaction ratings by enabling staff to implement speedy resolutions for diverse issues through
robust internal knowledgebase and industry-leading training.

© Collaborated with senior management and performed benefits analysis, corrective action planning and big-picture
data capturing.

04/2016 to 11/2017 Human Resources Analyst
Arlington County, Va — Arlington, VA

¢ Maximized team knowledge and productivity by training, monitoring and directing employees in application of
best practices and regulatory protocols.

¢ Contributed to annual performance appraisals by working with supervisors to achieve consistency and compliance
with established procedures.

e Planned and managed recruitment activities for new hires using strategic personnel, staffing and position
management practices.

e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for positions.

e Partnered with senior leadership to establish and develop corporate and HR policies and procedures.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, alleviate problems and interpret
compensation and benefits policies.

e Analyzed issues and employed improvement processes.

e Improved customer service rankings by quickly resolving issues to improve overall satisfaction.

e Eliminated discrepancies in financial reporting and recordkeeping through accurate preparation and management of
budgets.

e Researched and recommended process improvements designed to mitigate operational and financial risk.

e Reviewed existing policies and procedures to make recommendations for enhancing work productivity,
recruitment, hiring processes and talent management.

© Helped improve operations by showing clear connection between current policies and business results.

Collected and analyzed information to monitor compliance outcomes and identify and address trends of non-

compliant behavior.
e Organized system infrastructure documentation and operating procedures, strengthening controls and enhancing
overall performance.
EpucATION
12/2020 Associate of Arts: General Studies

Tallahassee Community College - Tallahassee, FL