SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

WEBSITES &
PROFILES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Motivated Human Resources Specialist offering 1.5 years of experience in recruitment and promoting
employee retention. Well-versed in employment regulations and records management requirements. Flexible
and focused with expertise in complex problem resolution. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-
oriented mentality.

| « Personnel Recruitment « Complex Problem-Solving
e« Report Preparation e HRIS Applications Proficient
« Employee Hiring e« Relationship Building
« Candidate Searching e« Critical Thinking
« Decision Making e Planning & Organizing
« Harassment Investigation e Supervision & Leadership
« Employee Relations e Verbal and Written Communication
e In-Person and Telephone Interviewing « Time Management
e Microsoft Office Suite e Documentation and Recordkeeping

e Talent Acquisition

HUMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST 02/2022 to CURRENT
Harris County | Houston, TX

e Established and generated various reports to verify HR compliance.

e Identified opportunities to improve HR programs and proposed solutions to increase efficiencies.

e Developed recruitment updates to review trends, competitive intelligence and talent demographics.

e Assisted with recruitment initiatives by interviewing and talent sourcing.

e Analyzed job descriptions and determined recruitment plan, timeline and advertising efforts to fill
positions.

e Post open positions to career sites and job boards.

e Safeguarded human resource information, maintaining employee confidence and protecting operations.

e Researched and analyzed recruitment data to provide detailed statistical reports.

e Collaborated with human resources team members to devise and deploy employee relations strategies.

e Managed Ethics Hotline system.

e Conducted Ethics investigations as needed.

e Participates in applicant screening; Conducts initial interviews prior to candidate referral to Branch
office(s) for secondary interviews and screenings as needed.

e Provided support to department by assisting with special assignments and projects.

« Complied with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

REORUITER 02/2021 to 02/2022
Alchemy Systems | Fairview, OR

e Monitored applicant tracking system actions to support hiring deadlines and streamline candidate
experiences.

* Managed candidate activity within Applicant Tracking System (ATS).

e Provided hiring status updates to HR and managers for comprehensive oversight.

e Created and maintained positive relationships with hiring managers and HR business partners.

e Met with hiring managers to identify talent needs and determine criteria for filling vacancies.

e Participated in local job fairs and recruitment events for prospective hiring.

e Utilized internal recruiting systems (iCIMS) to record, update and track all candidate progress.

e Facilitated job application processes for qualified candidates.

e Explained job duties, compensation and benefits to potential candidates.

e Interviewed potential participants to determine eligibility.

e Probed for relevant or appropriate information without influencing responses.

e Restated questions without altering meaning to facilitate participants' comprehension and collect high-
quality data.

e Sought out and interviewed appropriate alternative interviewees when designated interviewees lacked
necessary knowledge.

e Adhered to confidentiality rules and guidelines when interviewing others.

HEAD CASHIER 12/2079 to 11/2020
C-A-L Ranch | Chubbuck, ID

e Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.

e Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.

e Processed payments promptly for customers to exceed productivity standards.

e Helped with purchases and signed customers up for rewards program.

e Authorized discounts and special actions to resolve customer disputes and maintain satisfaction.

e Monitored checkout counters and self-checkout areas to assist with complex transactions.

e Resolved and balanced cash drawers at end of shifts to generate accurate reports for cash registers.

e Monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to confirm adequate cash supply.

e Processed refunds for worn, damaged and broken merchandise.

e Directed trash removal and sanitation procedures to keep aisles and register area organized.

e Oversaw work of cashiers to identify strengths and weaknesses in customer service, payment
processing or merchandising plans.

e Assisted with training new cashiers and customer service team members to increase speed of
onboarding.

e Rotated and merchandised products at point-of-sale to improve impulse buy rate.

e Answered customer questions and provided store information.

e Established and enforced clear goals to keep employees working collaboratively.

e Provided ongoing training to address staff needs.

e Coordinated employee schedules according to shift changes and availability.

e Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance.

JECYELRY SALES ASSOCIATE 02/2016 to 03/2019
Hudson's Bay Company | Honolulu, HI

e Cleaned jewelry cases daily with glass cleaner and dusters to keep displays pristine.

e Welcomed customers, offered to help locate items and suggested merchandise without being intrusive
or pushy.

e Followed store opening and closing procedures as per company guidelines.

e Restocked merchandise from inventory during downtime when items upfront became low.

e Processed merchandise returns and exchanges for customers to refund payments, trade items and
offer store credit.

e Learned rolls of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.

-) Nursing Assistant Certification 2018

Hagerstown Community College, Hagerstown, MD

Hig.» School Diploma 2015
Catoctin High School, Thurmont, MD

e = https://wwwlinkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-586394149/