JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Human resource (HR) professional with 5+ years of experience fulfilling staffing needs and requirements, developing HR policies/
procedures based on managements’ needs and aiding in the development of employees by fostering a teamwork environment conducive to
positive dialogue across all teams.

e Extensive experience in HR generalist affairs. including in employee retention and recruitment, mediation and staff development, conflict
resolution, HR records management, benefits/ compensation, and HR policies development and legal compliance.

© Possess strong knowledge of business administration, communication (written and verbal). psychology, contract negotiation, employee
assistance and wellness, project management, orientation, onboarding. social conflict/mediation, mentorship, and customer service.

e Academic background in HR Management and Business Administration. Also fluent in Spanish.

SKILLS
e Academic ¢ Policy and procedure development
¢ Problem- solving e Personnel file management
e Accounting * Background Checks
* Policies and procedures e Recruitment
« Benefits e Training and development
* Safety e Resource planning
e Ceridian, e Contract Negotiation
¢ Fluent in Spanish ¢ Benefits and compensation
¢ Conflict resolution e Pre-Employment Screening
¢ Teaching e Vendor onboarding
« Customer relations, ¢ Regulatory Compliance
* Coordinating travel e Training proficiency
e Customer service e Data Analysis
« Data entry e Process Improvement
e Databases ¢ Relationship Development
¢ Documentation e Problem Resolution
¢ Employee relations ¢ Communications
« Fluent in English e Team Building
« Hiring e Customer Service
« Human Resource Management e Organizational Development
« INSURANCE © File and records management
« Interpretation © Operational Improvement
¢ Leadership © Specialized HR projects
« Legal e Skilled in MS Office, Outlook, Powerpoint, and Excel
« Managing e Candidate Sourcing
« Mediation e New Employee Training
¢ Meetings * Onboarding
e Mail ¢ Employee Relations
* PeopleSoft e New Hire Orientation
* Policies e Training and mentoring
« New employee training ¢ Benefits oversight
Work History

07/2011 to 01/2016 Human Resources Administrator

Charles River — Voluntown, CT
¢ Responsible for supporting HR manager in the recruitment process by assisting in all aspects of the employee life

cycle to include but not limited to employee screening, job offers, onboarding of new hires, pay changes, and status

changes.

¢ Served as the primary contact for managing requests for requisitions and applicant status update.

e Conducted all company pre-employment processes, including but not limited to reference checks, background
checks, and drug testing.

© Develop and host new hire orientations for new full-time employees, company temps, agency temps, and interns.

e Created and organized training and development for new and existing staff keeping training records up to date.

e Assisted employee staff with HR-related questions serving as the primary point of contact for employees.

e Provided and ensured that human resource documentation and records were maintained in accordance with legal
requirements and company policies and procedures.

e Educated and advised employees on health plans, voluntary benefits, and 401(k)plan.

e Handle direct information related to employees’ relations, changes in the organization, performances, confidential
information issues, and other sensitive HR-related matters.

e Coordinated and hosted monthly employee engagements and company-wide events.

e Established and maintained a close relationship with accounting on employee benefits, salaries, and bonuses.

© Collaborated with organization leadership to support and lead community engagement initiatives.

e Answered employee inquiries regarding health benefits and 401k options.

e Organized company-wide events designed to boost employee morale.

e Updated HR database with new employee information, changes in benefits, and other details.

e Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees, which included distribution of all paperwork.

01/2010 to 02/2011 Administrative Assistant

Regions Financial Corporation — Phenix City, AL

e Lette Life and Health INSURANCE BROWNSVILLE, TX, Maintain client accounts with all insurance products
and process any special requirements.

e Provided guidance to customers by solving their immediate needs for insurance and benefits, as well as aid in the
development of a long-term strategy.

e Provide consultation, proactive guidance and advise customers on the next steps as well as policy options that may
be beneficial.

e Established, maintained, and updated files, databases, records, and other documents; developed and maintained
data and perform routine analyses and calculations in the processing of data for recurring internal reports.

e Sorted, reviewed, screened, and distributed incoming and outgoing mail: prepared, composed, and ensured timely
responses to a variety of routine written inquiries.

e Maintain good customer relations with all different industries to ensure success, which required customer
involvement and follow-ups to maintain a stable business relationship.

© Schedule and coordinate meetings, interviews, appointments, and other similar activities for supervisors while
coordinating travel as well as lodging arrangements.

e Identified and recommended changes to existing processes to improve accuracy, efficiency, and quality service.

09/2008 to 11/2009 Lead Teacher

Devereux — Warwick, RI

¢ The children's courtyard Austin, TX, Planned and implemented a curriculum that promoted the social, physical,
and intellectual growth of children.

e Reinforce positive behavior and development of the student's character.

¢ Followed and enforced standards and procedures to eliminate safety hazards.

e Managed conflict and resolved student's problems.

e Prepared daily reports to inform parents of their children's activities.

e Maintained records of student's progress and this included the training and development plans.

e Supervised and aided assistant teacher as required.

¢ Conducted parent’ teacher conferences yearly.

e Attended and participated in all staff meetings, center events, and parent’ meetings as requested.

e Conferred with parents about student progress to boost family involvement and enhance student support.

¢ Developed and deepened relationships with students, family members, and faculty to promote optimal student
learning environments.

e Enhanced student learning by optimizing a wide range of instructional approaches and innovative classroom
activities.

e Applied play-based strategies, including crafts and games. to provide diverse approaches to learning.

e Consulted with parents to build and maintain positive support networks and support continuing education
strategies.

07/2006 to 08/2008 Assessment Specialist/GED Instructor

Good Samaritan Community Services — City, STATE

¢ Good Samaritan community services weslaco, TX, Administered the usage of assessment evidence to inform
teaching and student learning.

e Aided with dissemination, utilization, and interpretation of results from the state and local testing programs.

e Ensured that all students adhere to program guidelines and regulations.

e Advised students on future educational opportunities and possible career paths.

¢ Responsible for student's file, data entry, support services, daily attendance, and evaluated student progress.

e Taught adult students from various socio-economic backgrounds and education levels to take and pass the GED
(High School Equivalency) exam.

© Taught students individually and utilized various teaching methods and strategies.

¢ Met with students to conduct individual assessments and determine academic and mental health needs.

e Completed the required documentation and reports for compliance and treatment planning.

¢ Collaborated with social workers to help students grow in social and emotional capacities.

* Completed required documentation and reports for compliance and treatment planning.

EpucaTIon
11/2019 Master of Science: Human Resources Management
Capella University - Minneapolis, MN
© Member of International Honor Society in Business
12/2017 BBA: Human Resources Management
Texas A&M University -San Antonio - San Antonio, TX
¢ Member of Society for Human Resource Management
© Member of National Society of Leadership and Success
AFFILIATIONS

Member Society for Human Resource Management