SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Human resources professional who values high performance and professionalism. Excels in organizational

communications and employee training and development. Several years of comprehensive HR experience.
Background in HR functions, including recruitment, conflict resolution, training and development, employee
records management, HR policies and legal compliance. applicant tracking, and HRIS application

e Training and development ¢ Staffing and recruiting professional
* Recruiting ¢ On-Boarding/ Off-boarding
e Employee relations ¢ HRIS applications proficient
e Personnel records maintenance e Human resources audits
e Regulatory compliance e Exceptional communicator
HUMAN RESOURCES REPRESENTATIVE 05/2011 to CURRENT

Martin Marietta | Lakewood, CO

e Maintain enforcement of HR policies and procedures.

e Serve as contact for employees and managers regarding on-boarding processes.

e Designed training modules that implemented strategic business practices and organizational behavior
training concepts.

e Monitor and administer HR policies and procedures

e Developed and provide training session to upper level management regarding employee life cycle

e Assist employees with inquiries regarding benefits, time administration and payroll matters

¢ Work collaboratively with HR Business Partners advising employees on employment matters/grievances

e Participate in work investigation in collaboration with Business Partners Review/approve promotions,
transfers, overbase payments. RIF, terminations & retirement

e Maintain and monitor new hire Form |9 Compliance for all hires

e Assist managers and administrators with troubleshooting systems transactions

e Administer CORI/SORI background investigation for current employees and students

e Coach and advise managers and employees on HRIS functions

e Responsible for faculty (Physicians, Clinical Instructors, Nurse Practitioners) on-boarding/off-boarding.

HUWAN RESOURCES COORDINATOR 11/2015 to 06/2015
Akoustis Technologies, Inc. | Farmington, NY

e Key Aspects: Managed administrative functions, including job postings, recruiting needs, including,
screening and sourcing qualified candidates, contacting applicants, conducting interviews, collaborating
with department heads. aiding in selection process, acting as primary contact for applicants.

e Managed daily HR administrative functions and 2 direct reports Assisted managers and administrators
through recruiting process Responsible for recruitment of temporary staff via use of various Temp
Agencies Maintained company posting website via use intranet /internet Provided weekly report of job
closings and vacancies Responsible for recruitment of administrative staff Sourced and screened
resumes/ applications submitted online or via mail via OpenHire Partnered with managers to determine
requirements for the position and appropriate compensation Conduct phone interviews, face to face
interviews and reference verifications Administered CORI/SORI background investigations for selected
finalists Drafted and revised job postings collaboratively with managers Coordinated Occ.

e Health scheduling and billing for selected candidates Coordinated annual EEO reports to provide to
EEO Team.

HUMAN RESOURCES PROGRAM ASSISTANT 01/1 to 11/2015
Americorps | Saint Cloud, MN

e Key Aspects: Served as the first point of contact for staff inquires.

e Managed, organized and updated files, records, correspondence, and reports.

e Performed office services such as: filing documents, mail distribution, stocking equipment and supplies.

e Provided administrative support to the Benefits, Compensation and Employment Sections of HR Was
responsible for front desk operations including answering multi- phone lines and walk-in services
Coordinated weekly orientations for all new hires, including new hire packets, distribution of employment
forms Monitored the flow of Keymasters to ensure employee records were processed and accurate
Provided administrative support for various departments, assisted visitors and resolved a range of
administrative issues and inquiries.

e Assisted with training of new HR staff members.

e Provided information to supervisors and coworkers Was responsible for maintaining highly confidential
information.

e Responsible for providing Employment Verifications.

Bachelors of Science | Psychology MAY 2017
Boston University, Boston, MA.
Psychology

administrative, administrative functions, administrative support, Benefits, billing, Coach, coaching, Editing,
FileMaker, filing, forms, HRIS, human resources, HR, Excel, mail, office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word,
multi- phone lines, payroll, policies, presentations, processes, recruiting, recruitment, SAP, scheduling, phone,
Troubleshooting, Website