PROFILE

PROFESSIONAL ©

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« wwwiinkedin.com/in/ryanClaire327

Diplomatic Human Resources Manager with 25-years' experience specializing in HR, instructional training and
financial and logistics management. Skilled in developing and implementing practical initiatives to meet HR
needs and promote performance improvements. Adept at strategic planning, policy integration and
performance improvements. Consistently pursuing ways to maximize efficiency, employee satisfaction and
cost savings. Strong organizational, analytical, and interpersonal skills to connect effectively with various
levels of employees. Known for having high emotional intelligence and a champion for D&l. Excellent
knowledge of policy creation and enforcement to protect and support both employers and employees.
Dedicated and personable with advanced training in conflict-resolution and crisis management.

« Personnel Training and Development « Communication Skills
« Employee Relations e Public Presentation
« Strategic Partnerships e Strong Interpersonal Skills
« Management e Admin and Safety Investigations
« Human Resources e Performance Appraisal
) HUMAN RESOURCES CONSULTANT 07/2018 to CURRENT

Accenture | Arlington, VA

e Responsible for enforcement of policies and workforce initiatives to ~450 employees including 6
geographically dispersed worksites spanning 770 miles.

e Identified human resource training needs and conducted training for employees and leadership while
recommending approaches to effect continual improvements in business objectives, productivity and
reach business goals.

e Presented both in-person and virtually at monthly all-hands events to promote company objectives.

e Investigated and liaised with legal department to respond to complaints of harassment, discrimination,
employee grievances and other sensitive issues

e Developed staffing strategies to fill vacancies and define position allocations.

e Conducted exit interviews with employees leaving company to gauge areas of success and
opportunities for improvement.

e Formed strong strategic partnerships to improve employee compensation for quarterly and annual
awards programs.

e Safety Board member.

FI(CANCIAL MANAGER 07/2014 to 07/2018
Pontoon Solutions | Waltham, MA

e Responsible for oversight of $12M budget and all procurement actions for large USCG command.

e Established budgetary benchmarks and formulated financial management strategies by researching
operating and historical financial records.

e Ensured procurement teams conducted market research and lawfully used competitive bidding following
FAR regulations.

e Supervisor to 16 person team, responsible for conducting human resource duties to include semi-
annual performance appraisal reviews and carrying out disciplinary actions.

e Reviewed and updated civilian job vacancies and program descriptions.

e Directed 33 technical experts in conversion of $31M in property from financial to logistics management

system.

e Created strategic partnerships between multiple business divisions to improve communications and
efficiencies.

e Ensured warehouse facility and equipment safety protocols were followed with zero accidents, or injuries
under tenure.

e Investigated fleet vehicle mishaps and made reports to Safety Officer.

LEQDERSHIP INSTRUCTOR 07/2012 to 07/2014
Abb Ltd | Washington, DC

e Delivered in-person instruction to over 1,300 senior managers in organizational leadership, human
behavior and physical fitness.

e Developed and modified lesson plans, instructional materials and team assignments.

e Created on boarding and orientation initiatives that reduced instructor qualification timeframes by 20%.

e Provided coaching and mentoring to assigned teams.

e Planned large-scale events such as graduation dinners, conferences, and meetings.

e Investigated allegations of misconduct and prepared legal documents for Staff Judge Advocate.

PROCUREMENT LOGISTICS MANAGER 07/2008 to 07/2012
U.S. Coast Guard | City, STATE

e Reviewed financial reports each day and investigated variances with accounting staff to keep records
accurate for logistics center.

e Team leader for five person property accountability and reconciliation team, ensuring excellent
compliance with U.S. Coast Guard regulations and DHS directives.

e Created baseline spare parts inventories and performed restock fulfillment actions for three National
Security Cutters.

e Oversaw quarterly and annual general purpose property inspections with 99% accuracy.

e Maintained excellent working relationships with customers by efficiently responding to inquiries and
complaints concerning work orders, invoices and shipments.

Navy League Pacific Region Senior Enlisted (operational support) of the Year - 2015
USCG Commendation Medal, 3 awards

USCG Achievement Medal, 5 awards

USCG Commandant's Letter of Commendation

USCG Good Conduct Medal, 8 awards

USCG Basic Training Honor Graduate

.) Bachelor of Science | Business Administration And Management 05/2014

Columbia College, Columbia, MO

« Graduated summa cum laude
« Sigma Beta Delta member