JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Human Resources professional bringing over five years of collective expertise in recruitment, professional development and
leadership. Talented in bridging gaps between labor forces and management to achieve objectives. Successful at managing full recruitment life
cycle. Well versed in developing and implementing customized strategies to meet specific position requirements and sourcing qualified
candidates. Driven and decisive with passion for building and retaining highly effective teams.

SKILLS

* Candidate Sourcing ¢ Digital Tools
* Candidate pipeline management ¢ Communication
e Recruitment e Applicant Tracking Systems
e Talent management e Pre-Employment Screening
e Training and mentoring e File and records management
¢ Differentiated instruction ¢ Decision Making
e Training material development « Compensation analysis
e Physical and virtual classroom expertise

Work HIsTory

Human Resources: Talent Acquisition, 05/2020 - Current
Promedica Senior Care — Wakefield, OH
e Oversaw full-cycle recruiting for 160+ vacancies in 2021 (125 in Q3 & Q4 so far)
e Leveraged talent acquisition tools, resources, and campaigns to source and attract top talent.
e Act as brand ambassador to educate candidates on culture, career growth, benefits, and advantages of working for the company.
¢ Optimized sourcing networks and used proactive methods to direct source candidates.
e Evaluate resumes, interview and present qualified candidates to hiring managers, and solicit feedback to refine recruiting strategy.
e Analyze recruiting metrics to share reports and recommendations with stakeholders.
e Partner with HR team and Hiring department Managers to create effective talent onboarding materials that support culture and performance
objectives.
e Leveraged social media platforms and online job boards to advertise open positions, engage with potential candidates to build talent
pipeline.
e Advised, coached, and counseled managers and staff to support human resources policies, procedures, programs, and labor relations.
¢ Developed and deepened relationships with college campus representatives Oversaw full-cycle recruiting for 160+ vacancies in 2021 (125
in Q3 & Q4 so far)for recruitment.

Human Resources: Generalist, 05/2020 - Current
New Penn Financial — Marco Island, FL
e Handled new-hire orientation and basic recruiting tasks for best-in-class talent identification.
© Met with staff to resolve difficult situations related to performance and conflict management.
* Coached managers through employee engagement, documentation, discipline, and performance improvement plans.
¢ Spearheaded talent acquisition, playing instrumental role in building and retaining high-caliber teams.
e Implemented and supervised orientation procedures for new hires.
e Facilitated initiative to address disparities in hiring racial and ethnic minority applicants.
e Improved operational processes resulting in productivity increase in HR department.
e Managed change through open communication for addressing employee concerns, allowing for different opinions, and publicizing new
strategies.
¢ Understood, interpreted, and mediated human resources inquiries to support administration of human resources policies, procedures, and
programs.
¢ Conducted career fairs, screened resumes, and interviewed applicants to build candidate pipelines and enhance company culture.
e Built comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.
¢ Improved quality of hiring decisions by working with hiring managers on new comprehensive employment selection processes.
© Worked with FinTech candidates and employees to understand needs and provide excellent candidate and/or employee experience

Loan Officer, 05/2019 - Current
Oak Park Unified — Oak Park, CA
¢ Emphasized product features based on analysis of customers’ needs.
e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of available products to best serve customers and maximize sales potential.
e Managed friendly and professional customer interactions.
e Executed successful budget, talent, and sales campaign development.
* Stayed abreast of competitive landscape and emerging technologies to best position brand in global marketplace.
e Managed sales cycle from first contact to established customer sale and maintained solid customer base.

Educator Consultant: Professional Develoopment, 01/2015 - 01/2019
Region 10 ESC — City, STATE
* Continuously delivered top-quality training documentation, manuals, and tools addressing needs of specific specialists groups
© Delivered private instruction to adult learners in variety of fields on leadership development, professional writing, business communication
and delivery of proposals and presentations.
¢ Teamed with subject matter experts in evaluation and revision of training tools in order to continually improve learning platforms.
¢ Designed, implemented, and managed successful training programs to meet department and school needs.
e Targeted diverse learning modalities in the development of new course content and training programs.
e Effectively implemented best training practices and adult learning principles in planning and creation of instructional materials.
* Designed course materials and support implementation.
¢ Collaborated with administrators to determine course objectives.
* Provided subject matter expertise on all courses, materials, and lesson plans.

Guest Teacher, 01/2015 - 05/2018

Uplift Academy — City, STATE
e Maintained day-to-day classroom management and discipline to promote learning initiatives
¢ Developed rules and set goals to maintain order in classroom

e Diversified classroom instruction and group activities to successfully support students with unique strengths and learning styles

Instructional Coach (Master Teacher), 08/2007 - 12/2014

Academy Of Dallas Charter Schools — City, STATE
e Coached teachers to improve practices through professional development and modeling instructional strategies.
¢ Developed staff members’ attitudes, skills, and knowledge through various professional development targeted topics.
e Developed recruiting strategies to identify qualified candidates and build network.

e Facilitated new employee orientations to foster positive team attitude.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Mathematics
Almeda College - Boise, ID

in Progress: Liberal Arts And General Studies
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

IDEA

SIOP, TALA, & TMSFA

TELPAS Rater

TXCSS Member, Seminar Facilitator

TEKS, STAAR, STAAR PLD Committees (Math 5th - 8th)