PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Entry-level Human Resources Administrator knowledgeable in workers' compensation and personnel policies.
Looking to bring further success to company through effective communication and compliance understanding.
Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

« Conflict Resolution « Human Resources Allocation
« Employee Relations Oversight e Payroll Processing
« Policy Improvement Recommendations e« Confidential Document Control
« Health and Safety Programs e Accident Investigations
« Accident Investigation « Compensation and Benefits Administration
« Hiring and Onboarding « Employee Engagement Strategies
HUMAN RESOURCES 03/2021 to CURRENT

Brown Harris Stevens Residential Management, Lic | New York, NY

e Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

« Directed and controlled 401K, medical, dental and vision benefit packages.

e Devised hiring and recruitment policies for 103-employee company.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for
30 + new employees.

e Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure
available information for new training processes.

e Developed succession plans and promotion paths for staff.

e Oversaw exit interviews and off-boarding process for resigned and terminated employees.

e Answered employee inquiries regarding health benefits and 401k options.

e Collaborated with entire human resource department to discuss new ways to recruit top talent.

e Managed benefits enrollment by answering questions and aiding employees with login details.

e Updated HR database with new employee information, changes in benefits and other details.

e Oversaw hiring, staffing, and labor law compliance.

e Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview
processes to identify qualified candidates.

e Addressed employee conflicts with appropriate urgency, following all corporate procedures.

e Created and completed personnel action forms for hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

e Assisted with on-boarding process of 30 new hires in 2 months.

e Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

e Organized new employee orientation schedules for new hires.

e Converted employee status from temporary to permanent.

e Helped employees register for benefits programs using online portals.

e Set up orientations and initial training for new employees.

SACETY COORDINATOR 05/2017 to 01/2021
Otter Tail Corporation | Clearwater, MN

¢ Monitored self-checkout systems and provided assistance or intervention where required.

e Set up new sales displays each week.

e Used POS system to enter orders, process payments and issue receipts.

e Demonstrated product features, answered questions, and redirected objections to highlight positive
aspects.

e Operated cash register to record transactions accurately and efficiently.

e Conducted inventory counts by adding each item in stock and documenting in rap station.

e Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving
discrepancies.

e Checked identification for proof-of-age for alcohol and tobacco sales.

e Maintained current knowledge of store promotions and highlighted sales to customers.

e Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.

e Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.

e Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.

e Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.

e Oversaw daily operations to ensure high levels of productivity.

e Recognized, documented and advised on removal of hazards.

e Conducted safety audits and investigated plant quality issues.

e Conducted investigations into incidents and reported on findings.

e Wrote safety program plans to manage hazards, reduce incidents and save company money through
less time lost and lower insurance payouts.

e Designed programs, policies, and procedures that were implemented to reduce or eliminate workplace
injuries and hazards.

CfOHIER 04/2013 to 01/2017
Whole Foods | Shreveport, LA

e Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.

e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

e Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

e Monitored self-checkout systems and provided assistance or intervention where required.

e Mentored new team members on POS system operation, customer service strategies and sales goals.

e Maintained secure cash drawers, promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals.

e Collected and authorized payments of guests.

e Maintained cash drawer of $1000 or more per shift.

e Checked identification for proof-of-age for alcohol and tobacco sales.

e Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving
discrepancies.

e Greeted over 100 patients per day.

e Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable
assistance.

e Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.

e Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.

e Learned front end and senior cashier positions and provided backup at key times.

e Demonstrated product features. answered questions, and redirected objections to highlight positive
aspects.

GED
Los Angeles Pierce College, Vanowen

Hig School Diploma 06/2013
Canoga Park Senior High School, Canoga Park, CA

Spanish:
Negotiated: