SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

I have been employed with the same company for over ten years. In that 10 years span I have worked my way from the very bottom to the

highest position. I have had experience in every aspect of the company including: Commercial Sales, Dispatch, Accounts Payable and
Receivable, Human Resources, Service Management, Executive Director tasks. Unfortunately There is no more room for advancement and I
am looking for a change of pace. I am extremely reliable, Timely and sharp. I have the upmost confidence that I can accomplish any thing I
set my mind to. I would love an opportunity to prove myself.

SKILLS
¢ Personnel information systems ¢ Benefits programs
¢ Staff compensation e Human resources operations
e Employee engagement e Recruitment and hiring
« Employee relations e Organizational skills
¢ Staffing and recruiting professional e Friendly, positive attitude
¢ Leadership development e Time management
« Employee handbook development ¢ Multitasking

¢ Payroll administration

EXPERIENCE

01/2014 to Current

Human Resources Manager
Proampac — Mobile, AL

e Advised leadership on HR-related issues, including vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment
discrepancies.

e Managed full-cycle human resource operational activities to maximize HR employee performance.

e Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on
basis of merit and relevance with job.

e Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding, orientation and
benefits processes.

¢ Provided HR consultation services to leadership and department heads, such as payroll administration, 401K and
OSHA compliance, benefits and workers compensation.

e Initiated employee evaluation process and recommended policy changes to help staff progress toward desired
readiness goals.

¢ Held exit interviews and documented information discussed with employees.

¢ Formulated corrective action plan through analysis of management feedback and consultation with employee.

e Achieved desired work environment and performance by proactively advising and guiding employees on best
practices and overseeing HR training.

e Supervised and guided personnel to eliminate downtime and boost productivity.

¢ Decreased workers’ compensation claims by working closely with employees to promote safety.

01/2012 to 01/2014 Account Manager

Walt Disney Co. — Charlotte, NC

e Sent copies of invoices and statements to customers to facilitate payment of outstanding invoices.

¢ Processed posting and reconciling payments and addressing aged receivables.

e Researched customer billing issues and resolved problems to facilitate receipt of overdue monies and promote good
customer relationships.

e Reached out to vendors and customers in order to resolve account problems.

e Generated monthly statements for accounts receivable operations.

¢ Cleared account balances by examining customer payments, payment history and coordinating contact with
collections.

© Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

e Processed monthly payments, researched payment discrepancies and prepared monthly reports.

e Entered, posted and scanned accounts recetvable documents into accounting software.

e Reconciled accounts receivable and prepared income summary reports and cash reports.

e Examined customer payment history and coordinated collections arrangements.

¢ Calculated unpaid invoices to maintain updated receivables reports.

© Updated receivables by totaling unpaid invoices.

e Initiated and recorded accounts receivables to update accounting database and facilitate receipt of customer
payments.

e Prepared appropriate documentation for income summaries, cash reports and accounts receivable reconciliation.

e Facilitated timely year-end audits by working closing with agency auditors to provide requested samples.

e Increased productivity and reduced expenses by implementing improved accounting procedures.

e Generated, mailed and monitored invoices.

e Performed various accounts receivable functions, including cash receipts posting, updating cash flow reports and
researching chargebacks and write-offs.

e Evaluated open accounts to look for past-due balances and pursue collection strategies.

¢ Updated customer accounts and processed payments.

e Verified, classified, computed, posted and recorded accounts payable data and reconciled daily totals to confirm
proper accounting.

e Investigated billing discrepancies and implemented effective solutions to resolve concerns and prevent future
problems.

e Answered customer invoice questions and resolved issues discovered during invoicing and collection process.

¢ Worked closely with delinquent account holders to collect and reconcile accounts through approved channels.

e Kept accounts receivable tracking database current with relevant client information, collection and billing progress
and program changes.

¢ Prepared and maintained customers’ monthly reconciliation schedules.

e Interfaced with customers to bring accounts current with suitable repayment plans.

¢ Performed administrative tasks to support strategic initiatives.

e Contacted customers via email and phone to determine when past due invoices would be paid.

e Improved billing and month-end reporting processes.

e Handled wide range of special inquiries and certificates from customers, partners and government agencies.

01/2011 to 01/2012 Dispatcher Office Assistant

Preferred Plumbing & Drain — City, STATE

¢ Monitored dispatch board and adjusted call priorities regularly based on caller needs.

e Tracked changes in computer system to keep records current and accurate.

¢ Kept detailed and updated records of calls in physical and electronic databases.

Managed daily delivery and work schedules to maximize coverage.

e Reviewed routes, daily traffic and weather conditions to adjust plans, meeting daily requirements and service
needs.

e Answered customer requests with information about product availability, shipping information and status updates.

e Supervised driver dispatching, route planning and vehicle tracking for over 25 Service technicians.

e Communicated with individuals within inbound call center setting to complete dispatch support for Plumbing calls.

e Accurately and efficiently responded to over 30+ daily requests.

¢ Coordinated order processing, pick sheet running and invoice printing, as well as shift shipping logs and paperwork
submissions.

e Reported delays, accidents or other traffic and transportation situations.

e Oversaw investigation and resolution of customer and vendor issues.

e Trained over 15 employees on accurate triaging and dispatching procedures while personally handling 30 daily
calls.

© Quickly determined locations and needs for high volume of hourly callers to accurately send Service Techncians
for assistance.

¢ Devised and implemented work plans for subordinate employees to check quality and consistency of work against
organizational standards.

e Alerted Service of road and weather hazards in real time to accomplish 180 days without driver accidents.

e Maintained positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

e Assisted organizational efforts by filing, entering data and answering phones.

¢ Communicated with customers regarding our processes to maintain satisfaction.

© Managed provider calendars by adding new appointments and rebooking patients to accommodate last-minute
schedule changes.

¢ Worked with vendors to obtain quotes, negotiate contracts and handle 2 shipments per week.

e Strengthened traceability, developing organization systems for contracts, records, reports and agendas.

¢ Updated business forms to streamline processing and improve efficiency.

© Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes to streamline operational planning.

¢ Contributed to production success by accurately coordinating records, supplies and paperwork.

¢ Supported 25 representatives by processing average of 30 new bookings each day.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

02/2010

06/2009

Associate of Applied Science: Medical Assisting
Heald College - Salida, CA

High School Diploma
Central Valley High School - Ceres, CA