JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Human Resources Executive with over 7 years of experience in corporate environments. Strong background in hiring, training and dismissal
processes. Strong organizational, analytical, and interpersonal skills to connect effectively with various levels of employees.

SKILLS
¢ Conflict Resolution e Training development
¢ Leadership e Recruitment
¢ Documentation e Pre-Employment Screening
« Safety e Written Communication
¢ Selling ® Critical thinking
¢ POS system knowledge * Microsoft Office
* Benefits and compensation
Work History
06/2013 to Current Human Resources

11/2013 to Current

Abm — Norcross, GA

© (7 years 3 months +)

e Maintained company compliance with all local, state and federal laws, in addition to establishing organizational
standards.

¢ Developed and executed HR policies and programs. workforce and job development, recruitment and hiring,
compensation and benefits and employee and labor relations to build staff-focused human resources office culture.

¢ Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

e Developed succession plans and promotion paths for all staff.

¢ Fostered cross-functional relationships to connect managers and employees and improve overall efficiency.

¢ Conducted investigations and assisted with handling employee complaints including Affirmative Action and EEOC
to promote equitable workplace.

e Evaluated human resources structure and plan for continual improvement and offered individuals professional and
personal growth opportunities.

e Wrote employee manual to cover company policies, disciplinary procedures, code of conduct and benefits
information.

e Performed administrative and customer service functions by responding to general employee inquiries, addressing
employee relations issues and scheduling meetings.

e Participated at strategic and operational level to develop and strengthen human resources services, relationships and
mission.

¢ Directed hiring and onboarding programs for new employees.

e Educated employees on company policy and kept employee handbook current.

¢ Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview processes to
identify qualified candidates.

e Administered or changed benefits, health plans and retirement plans by request or during open enrollment periods.

e Assessed training needs and coordinated learning and development initiatives for 80 employees.

e Coordinated and engaged with leadership in planning and organizing calendars, events and activities.

¢ Conducted company-wide town hall meetings to convey updates.

e Interviewed potential hires, negotiated salaries and benefits, and performed reference checks.

Lead Sales Associate
Palmer Donavin — Beloit, WI
e (6 years 10 months +)
e Reported sales data to upper management as directed.
© Studied product and local markets to adjust sales pitches and adapt strategies for optimized sales.
¢ Monitored sales processes to identify areas in need of improvement and implemented systems to rectify issues.
* Monitored sales team performance and provided constructive feedback.
e Provided exceptional customer service to foster client loyalty and satisfaction.
¢ Promoted brand awareness and utilized networking to increase brand development.
e Trained new employees on customer service, money handling and organizing strategies.
e Served customers with knowledgeable, friendly support at every stage of shopping and purchasing.
¢ Completed efficient store resets to prepare store for special promotions and seasonal updates.
e Informed customers of promotions to increase sales productivity and volume.

03/2012 to 06/2013 Sales Manager

M/I Homes — Tampa, FL

e (1 year 4 months).

e¢ Managed Fine Jewelry, Fashion Jewelry, Handbags, Cold Weather and Cosmetics.

¢ Monitored customer buying trends, market conditions and competitor actions to adjust strategies and achieve sales
goals.

¢ Held weekly meetings with sales associates to identify techniques to overcome sales obstacles.

¢ Identified, hired and trained highly-qualified staff by teaching best practices, procedures and sales strategies.

* Coached employees in successful selling methods and encouraged cross-selling to drive revenue.

¢ Monitored metrics and marketing investments to assess performance and implement continuous improvements.

e Maintained relationships with customers and found new ones by identifying needs and offering appropriate
SErvices.

e Organized promotional events and interacted with community to increase sales volume.

¢ Handled all customer relations issues pleasantly, enabling quick resolution and client satisfaction.

08/2010 to 12/2011 Residence Hall Coordinator

EpucaTIon

12/2011

06/2009

Edinboro University Of Pennsylvania — City, STATE

e Supervised diverse staff of 6 resident assistants and 8 work study students

e Adjudicated students for conduct violations and served on call rotation to respond to building and campus wide
incidents

¢ Provided special services such as alcohol and drug prevention programs and classes to teach students to handle
conflicts without resorting to violence.

¢ Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe
working environment.

¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

¢ Completed all paperwork, recognizing any discrepancies and addressing them quickly.

e Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.

M.A: Managerial and Leadership Communications
Edinboro University Of Pennsylvania - Edinboro, PA

B.A. Degree: Organizational And Interpersonal Communication
University Of Mount Union - Alliance, OH