SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Logical and insightful HR Generalist with 9 years of experience in leading teams. Proficient in creating, deploying and enforcing procedures,

policies, regulations and programs. Driven to maximize performance, workloads, initiative and cost reduction measures. Committed to
guiding HR programs focused on propelling business to peak performance. 1 am a Systematic Project Manager with more than 7 years
working in cross-functional environments. Bringing exceptional written and oral communication skills paired with expertise in financial
analysis and project coordination. Dedicated to offering locally relevant oversight and management techniques.

SKILLS
¢ Regulatory compliance ¢ New hire orientation
¢ Cost reductions e Labor agreements
e Interviewing expertise e Planning
e Affirmative action e Workforce training
e Personnel engagement e Project development and lifecycle
¢ Performance optimization e Work flow planning
® Capability and scalability planning e Systems implementation
¢ Data extraction ¢ Purchasing and procurement
¢ Project documentation e Performance improvements
¢ Information security ¢ Multi-unit operations management
e Hiring and retention ¢ Cost reduction and containment
« Compensation/payroll e Risk management
¢ Personnel records maintenance * Account development and networking
* Mediation expertise e Budgeting and forecasting
e Affirmative Action compliance e Building codes and regulations
¢ Understanding of HR policies e Client relations

« Assessing performance

EXPERIENCE

09/XXX0 to Current Human Resources Generalist

Mclane Company, Inc. — Corpus Christi, TX

e Maintained records of payroll forms, leave notifications, employee files, benefits information and workers'
compensation files.

* Conducted background checks, reference checks and employment verification.

e Facilitated delivery of HR services by establishing and maintaining positive relationships with teams and
leadership across organization.

e Built strong community relations with subcontractors and vendors to optimize cost savings and complete timely
preconstruction.

¢ Created project plans with established timelines for integral phases, assigned to appropriate teams, managed
workflow and achieved RFP submissions and completion deadlines on or before schedule.

e Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep
project up-to-date.

e Led subcontractor meetings to convey project requirements, scope, milestones and regulatory compliance.

© Collaborated with recruitment and HR professional to achieve hiring goals.

e Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.

e Planned and executed recruitment events to bring in area candidates.

e Trained and mentored newer recruiters in successful strategies for interviewing and qualifying candidates.

12/2018 to 06/XXX0 Business Development Manager

Excelitas Technologies — Billerica, MA
* Contacted potential customers via telephone and email.
e Determined business development opportunities and implemented effective strategy for client acquisition.
e Attended conferences and trade association meetings to represent company and promote products.
e Brought projects in on-time and in accordance with budget and quality standards.

¢ Handled continuous project monitoring and management by developing forecasts, tracking expenses and approving

payments.

e Built strong community relations with subcontractors and vendors to optimize cost savings and complete timely
preconstruction.

e Forecasted, scheduled and monitored project timelines, personnel performance and cost efficiency.

© Created project plans with established timelines for integral phases, assigned to appropriate teams, managed
workflow and achieved RFP submissions and completion deadlines on or before schedule.

e Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep
project up-to-date.

01/2016 to 12/2018 Operations Manager

Johnson Controls, Inc. — Lake Zurich, IL

e Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve
business plan and profitability goals.

e Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and inventory control.

¢ Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service and logistics.

© Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

e Oversaw efficient receiving and inventory management to keep stock within optimal levels.

e Coordinated maintenance on physical condition of warehouse and equipment, routinely assessing each for needed
repairs, updates or replacements.

e Coached staff on strategies to enhance performance and improve customer relations.

© Maximized warehouse efficiency by dispatching crews and coordinating optimal daily schedules.

¢ Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company
programs.

e Addressed internal and customer-related issues each day and affected strategic resolutions.

01/2013 to 11/2015 Human Resources Manager

Butterfly Effects — Calabasas, CA

e Advised leadership on vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment discrepancies.

© Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on
basis of merit and relevance with job.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding, orientation and
benefits processes.

¢ Provided HR consultation services to leadership and department heads.

e Communicated duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to potential candidates, enabling solid
understanding of job expectations.

¢ Brought in well-qualified, multifaced job candidates to fill open positions.

e Contacted job applicants to inform of application status.

e Onboarded new employees in time reporting and payroll systems.

¢ Processed rehires, transfers, terminations, garnishments and withholdings.

e Corrected payroll transactions by voiding checks and issuing stop payment orders.

e Enforced established payroll-related policies, procedures and regulations and adherence to company and
governmental policies.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

02/XXX1

05/2014

Certification: Scrum Master

Uta
¢ Completed professional development in scrum master
e 400 GPA

Bachelor of Arts: Human Resources Management
University of Ghana - Ghana
¢ Completed professional development in project management
e Major in Human resources
e 39 GPA
e Ranked in Top 5% of class

Certification: Linux Administration

Uta - Texas City, TX

LANGUAGES
igbo-: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Created a rewards and incentive program that was cited as the driving force behind branch employee retention rate of 80%.
¢ Introduced the first passive Open Enrollment process.

¢ Improved customer satisfaction ratings by 90% by implementing a new user-friendly interface.

e Recognized as Employee of the year 2019 for outstanding performance and team contributions.

CERTIFICATIONS

e Association for Project Management (CCM)