Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Dedicated individual seeking Medical Assistant position; bringing prior experience as a medical assistant to help better meet the

needs of patients and healthcare providers; improving organization, communication, and solving minor medical issues.
Skills

North Carolina Notary of Public since 1993 Firm and polite attitude when dealing with distressed or difficult
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook etc.) patients and visitors

Excellent interpersonal skills, phone manner and office etiquette Good communication skills and clearly spoken

Co-Chair of the Chowan Hospital United Way Campaign for Data Entry

three consecutive years Medical Terminology
Excellent Time Management skills and performance tomeetor Calendar Management
beat critical deadlines Chart Maintenance

Patience Scheduling
Work History

Human Resources Administrative Assistant , Current to Current
Central State University — Wilberforce, OH
e Assist with day-to-day operations of the HR functions and duties.
¢ Compile and update employee records (hard and soft copies).
e Process documentation and prepare reports relating to personnel activities (staffing, recruitment, training, grievances,
performance evaluations etc).
e Coordinate HR projects (meetings, training, surveys etc) and take minutes.
¢ Deal with employee requests regarding human resources issues, rules, and regulations.
¢ Assist in payroll preparation by providing relevant data (absences, bonus, leaves, etc).
e Communicate with public services when necessary.
¢ Properly handle complaints and grievance procedures.
¢ Coordinate communication with candidates and schedule.
e Interviews.
¢ Conduct initial orientation to newly hired employees.
e Assist our recruiters to source candidates and update our database.
e Performs work to support the function of the Human Resources.
e Assisting in application procedures and statistical reports; handling paperwork regarding substitute teachers; and providing
general assistance to the Director of Human Resources.
¢ Post certificate renewal credit and reporting to teachers involved.
¢ Process all applications for employment.
¢ Build and maintain all employee files ie.
¢ payroll, pre-employment, licensure, and classified.
* Maintains the human resources database.
e Assist new employees in the hiring process.
¢ Maintain confidentiality regarding the school district and its prospective, current and former employees.
¢ Performs miscellaneous clerical functions and special projects as assigned.

Medical Office Assistant - Coder , Current to Current
Community Health System — Lufkin, TX

e Ensured HIPAA compliance.

¢ Greeted, screened, scheduled, and directed patients to exam rooms.

¢ Handled telephone calls, took accurate messages and routed them accordingly.

¢ Coordinated all activities for physician and office.

e Maintained daily schedule for clinical, academic and administrative tasks.

¢ Kept track of Physician's dictations.

¢ Performed clerical duties related to clinical services including medical transcription, composition, and dictation in a medical
group.

e Prepared and processed correspondence and emails.

e Answered regular medical inquiries.

¢ Drafted letters for physicians and other clinical staff.

¢ Performed medical receptionist duties as required.

¢ Obtained, verified, and updated patient information.

¢ Provided support services to patients and medical staff.

¢ Requested, located, sent, and received patient medical records.

¢ Maintained medical appointment books.

e Arranged meetings for administrators and clinical staff.

¢ Prepared clinical services organizational charts and timetables.

e Assisted with preparation of agendas, materials and notes.

¢ Maintained routine files and assisted in establishing office systems.

¢ Procured office and clinical supplies.

e Assisted in the care and maintenance of office equipment.

¢ Coded patient's records for reimbursement.

¢ Communicate with physicians, administrators and other hospital personnel to resolve billing issues.

e Review medical record documentation and accurately code the primary/secondary diagnoses and procedures using ICD-9-CM
and CPT-4 coding conventions.

e Sequence the diagnoses and procedures using coding guidelines.

e Ensure DRG/APC assignment is accurate.

e Abstract and compile data from medical records for appropriate optimal reimbursement for hospital and/or professional
charges.

¢ Screen and sort mail and documents; respond to routine items not requiring supervisor's attention according to instructions and
standard procedures.

e Set up and maintain office files of patient records, reports, correspondence and miscellaneous information in an organized
fashion.

¢ Operate and maintain general office machines to include regular typing and word processing equipment, copy machines,
calculators and fax machine.

¢ Answer telephone, screen calls, respond to routine questions and take messages in accordance with physician's instructions;
serve as receptionist for clinics as necessary; greet patients, make appointments or proper referrals according to instructions and
procedures; prepare documents and materials for clinics and/or patient admissions as requested.

e Maintain and distribute monthly clinic calendar with sixteen physician schedules.

Medical Staff Credentialing Specialist, Current to Current
Beacon Health System — Middlebury, IN

¢ Responsible for all aspects of the credentialing, re-credentialing and privileging processes for all medical providers.

¢ Responsible for ensuring providers are credentialed, appointed, and privileged with health plans, hospitals and patient care
facilities.

e Maintain up-to-date data for each provider in credentialing databases and online systems; ensure timely renewal of licenses and
certifications.

¢ Compiles and maintains current and accurate data for all providers.

¢ Completes provider credentialing and re-credentialing applications; monitors applications and follows-up as needed.

¢ Maintains copies of current state licenses, DEA certificates, malpractice coverage and any other required credentialing
documents for all providers.

e Maintains corporate provider contract files.

¢ Maintains knowledge of current health plan and agency requirements for credentialing providers.

¢ Sets up and maintains provider information in online credentialing databases and system.

e Tracks license and certification expirations for all providers to ensure timely renewals.

e Ensures practice addresses are current with health plans, agencies and other entities.

¢ Processes applications for appointment and reappointment of privileges.

e Tracks license, DEA and professional liability expirations for appointed providers.

¢ Maintains appointment files, and information in credentialing database.

e Audits health plan directories for current and accurate provider information.

¢ Maintains confidentiality of provider information.

e Provides credentialing and privileging verifications.

e Performs other duties as assigned.

Medicare Compliance Reviewer, Current to Current
U.S. Physical Therapy — Bonney Lake, WA
¢ Reviewed patient charts for Medicare compliance.
¢ Worked with physicians and coders to insure that charts are coded accurately and physician orders are written properly
according to Medicare.
¢ Maintain up-to-date knowledge of all Centers for Medicare & Medicaid (CMS) regulations.
¢ Handles Medicare billing and coding issues directly related to Medicare rules and regulations and requirements.
e Analyze data, and apply investigative skills in resolving issues.

Medical Records Processor, Current to Current
Chowan Hospital — City, STATE

¢ Gathers patient information by collecting demographic information from a variety of sources; interacting with registration areas
and physicians’ offices; retrieving information from automated printer.

¢ Maintains master patient index by completing assigned portion of daily audit trail; corrects and communicates problems
according to established procedures.

e Initiates the medical record by creating and processing the patient care record folder.

¢ Maintains record availability by processing charts into the department; using chart mark-off procedures; facilitating chart
location activities.

¢ Retrieves medical records by following chart-out procedures; documenting reasons charts cannot be retrieved for statistical and
follow-up purposes.

¢ Delivers charts to assigned areas of the hospital by following established routing procedures.

¢ Keeps health care providers informed by communicating availability or unavailability of the record.

¢ Maintains quality results by following hospital standards.

¢ Maintains continuity of work operations by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs.

¢ Maintains patient confidence by keeping patient records information confidential.

¢ Serves and protects the hospital community by adhering to professional standards, hospital policies and procedures, federal,
state, and local requirements, and JACHO standards.

e Enhances medical records and hospital reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests;
exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.

Time and Attendance Clerk, Current to Current
First Capitol Auto, Inc — City, STATE
¢ Prepared biweekly payroll
¢ Data entry for accounts payable/ receivable
¢ Reconciled checking accounts; prepared monthly income statements; prepared quarterly tax reports
e Prepared sales contracts and forms for NCDMV
e Answered phone and greeted prospective clients
e Typed general correspondence

* General office duties

Human Resources/Payroll, Current to Current
Waff Contracting, Inc — City, STATE
¢ Prepared weekly payroll for approximately 50 employees using Champion Accounting software
¢ Data entry for general accounting accounts payable/receivable
¢ Maintained four checking accounts
¢ Responsible for six incoming phone lines
e Checked accuracy of and typed invoices and proposals
« Composed company policy memos

¢ Typed general correspondence

Front Office Receptionist, Current to Current
Realty World-Dail Construction — City, STATE
e« Answered phones composed and typed letters to clients and perspective clients.
¢ Prepared weekly ad layout for local newspaper.
¢ Created advertising materials for distribution.
¢ Greeted prospective clients and showed real estate.

Education

Certificate : Crisis Prevention , 2006
Crisis Prevention Institute, Inc

Nonviolent Crisis Intervention Training Program

Certificate : Medical Terminology, Medical Coding and Medical Billing, 2000
Rockingham Community College - Rockingham, NC

DIPLOMA
John A. Holmes High School - Edenton, NC

Certificate : Speaking Your Clients Lauguage , 2001
North Carolina AHEC Latino Health Resource Center

Affiliations

National Association of Medical Staff Services North Carolina Association of Medical Staff Services