PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

A
()

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Innovative Human Resources Executive demonstrates talent for turning around flagging operations and
spearheading growth through proactive leadership. Experienced with HRIS and data-driven approaches to
personnel management, benefits administration and organizational development. Record of success in
improving recruitment and retention.

« Compensation and benefits « Conflict Resolution

« Succession planning « Team Building

« Labor negotiations « Records management

« Payroll coordination « Organizational Development

« WorkForce Improvements « Recruitment strategies

e Recruitment e Benefits administration

« Personnel Recruitment « Microsoft Office proficiency

« Equal Opportunities Facilitation « File and records management

« Benefits and Compensation Management « Training and mentoring

« Training and Development « Benefits and compensation
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 01/2020 to CURRENT

Caliburn International | Pensacola, FL

e Implemented performance review and motivational strategies to elevate HR team results.

e Monitored and handled employee claims involving performance-based and harassment incidents.

¢ Motivated employees through special events, incentive programs and constructive feedback.

e Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure
available information for new training processes.

e Devised hiring and recruitment policies for [Number]-employee company.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training
for [Number] new employees.

e Collaborated with senior management and performed benefits analysis, corrective action planning and
big-picture data capturing.

e Directed job fairs to bring in local talent for long term and seasonal positions.

¢ Coordinated with senior leadership and handled managerial needs by implementing fresh solutions into
business strategies.

e Led and strategically directed team of human resources professionals.

e Maintained payroll and benefits for employees in various locations and diminished financial
discrepancies through expert program management.

e Evaluated training program success and presented strategic improvement recommendations to upper
management.

e Conducted company-wide town hall meetings to convey updates.

e Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established
organizational standards.

e Leveraged cost-effective digital systems to manage payroll and benefit programs.

e Automated office operations while managing client correspondence. record tracking and data
communications.

e Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview
processes to identify qualified candidates.

e Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate
investigation actions and reach resolution of grievances.

e Updated training processes by reviewing existing documentation, leveraging feedback from associates,
and working with legal and compliance teams.

e Maintained current knowledge of industry regulations and legislation to amend policies and promote
compliance.

e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent
employee legal entanglements.

e Briefed new hires on essential job information, such as company policies, employment benefits and job
duties.

e Facilitated communication and coordination between employees and management to keep parties
informed.

e Discovered and resolved complex employee issues that affected management and business decisions.

e Adhered to federal and state guidelines and managed payroll and benefits for over [Number]
employees.

e Provided resolution to complex and confidential issues.

e Coordinated activities of human resources team, distributing resources and personnel effectively
across organization to meet HR needs.

e Recruited top talent to maximize profitability.

e Streamlined complaint response management by providing guidance on policies and ensuring
appropriate and accurate investigation processes.

HUIAN RESOURCES ADMINISTRATOR 08/2018 to 10/2019
Dorel Industries, Inc. | San Bruno, CA

e Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

e Directed and controlled 401K, medical, dental and vision benefit packages.

e Prepared new hire letters, employee contracts and corporate policies.

e Managed benefits enrollment by answering questions and aiding employees with login details.

e Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees, which included distribution of all paperwork.

e Oversaw hiring, staffing, and labor law compliance.

e Coordinated ongoing technical training and personal development classes for staff members.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training
for [Number] new employees.

e Updated HR database with new employee information, changes in benefits and other details.

e Oversaw exit interviews and off-boarding process for resigned and terminated employees.

e Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence.

HU_IAN RESOURCES EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT 09/2017 to 03/2018
Arc Of Seneca Cayuga | Ithaca, NY

e Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Filed paperwork, sorted and delivered mail, and maintained office organization.

e Recruited and screened qualified potential employees.

e Efficiently delivered personnel information to management for speedy corrective action.

e Assisted with on-boarding process of [Number] new hires.

e Maintained and scheduled complex calendars.

e Assisted with meetings and presentations within company.

e Recruited and hired qualified candidates for vacant and new positions.

e Sparked productivity by setting itineraries and scheduling appointments.

e Managed employee exit interviews and paperwork.

e Prepared monthly. weekly and daily logs using Microsoft Office Suite.

e Set up orientations and initial training for new employees.

e Compiled employee records from individual departments to maintain central files.

e Processed documentation for employee actions such as new hires, grievance resolutions and
terminations.

e Converted employee status from temporary to permanent.

e Tracked various statistics and kept detailed records to support human resources department.

CU TOMER ACCOUNT MANAGER 04/2014 to 09/2017
Ait Worldwide Logistics | Dallas, TX

e Handled complaints, provided appropriate solutions and alternatives within appropriate timeframes, and
followed up to achieve resolution.

« Organized daily workflow and assessed appropriate staffing to provide optimal service.

« Communicated with approximately [Number] clients daily to understand needs and explain product
value.

e Drafted letters, charts and financial reports to keep staff informed of progress.

« Evaluated customers' potential needs to make appropriate recommendations.

e Maintained client files with sales contracts, records of client interactions, client notes, and other
information.

e Used [Software] and [Software] to keep accurate records pertaining to inventory and account notes.

e Tracked and maintained orders to guarantee prompt and successful delivery of merchandise to
customers.

e Partnered with business leaders to deliver services that support company objectives and consistent
with corporate values.

e Scheduled and attended meetings with clients and prospective clients as requested.

e« Performed duties and provided service in accordance with established operating procedures and
company policies.

« Built client relationships by responding to inquiries, identifying and assessing clients' needs, resolving
problems, and following up with potential and existing clients.

« Secured on-time payments and collected on delinquent accounts with tailored payment plans.

Bachelor of Science | Human Resources Development And Training 12/2042
Idaho State University, Pocatello, ID

« This is a dual degree in both Corporate Training and Professional Technical Education, with
an emphasis in Technical and Grant writing.

e SHRM - Society for Human Resource Management certification
e [Area of certification] Training - [Timeframe]