JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Jessicantgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Results-oriented Human Resources Specialist with extensive experience in organizational consultancy and operational planning. Cross-
functional communicator skilled in analyzing needs, developing long-term solutions, and implementing aligned vision across departments or
business unit leadership. Solid problem-solver possessing strong knowledge of Human Resources Training. Benefits, Information Technology,
and Rideshare Administration processes.

SKILLS
e Interdepartmental Coordination e Procedure Manual Writing
¢ Problem-Solving ¢ Problem Solving
¢ Critical Thinking e Personnel Recruitment
e Program Guidelines Adherence e HRIS Applications Proficient
« Project Coordination ¢ Employment Recordkeeping
¢ Creative and Innovative * Microsoft Office Suite
¢ Data Verification ¢ Confidential Document Control
* Course Materials Development « NEOGOV HR Suite

¢ Orientation and Onboarding
EXPERIENCE

03/2017 to Current Human Resources Specialist (Rideshare)
First Republic — Danville, CA
e Implemented Human Resources online Onboarding.
¢ Implemented citywide Munis HRIS Performance Evaluation Jessicadule.
e Audited AQMD ECRP compliance, and parking pass programs, resulting in an overall savings of $44,000.
e Administer citywide employee tuition reimbursement program.
e Created desk manuals for Rideshare Program, Tuition Reimbursement processing, and Employment Services
Recruitment and Selection.
e Edited citywide to Personnel Manual & composed tuition reimbursement & rideshare policies.
© Member of inaugural Employee Diversity, Inclusion, & Equity committee.
¢ Partnered with IT Department as beta tester for new hardware and software & provided technical training to HR
staff.
e Performed contact tracing, reviewed proof of vaccination status, and medical and religious exemption requests.
¢ Provided regular pandemic wellness checks on elderly, developmentally disabled, and employees without access to
a computer.
e Produced employee return-to-work & pandemic safety video.
e Recipient of Los Angeles Metro DiaJessicand Award for Jessicast Improved AVR (Average Vehicle Ridership) for
2017-2019 AQMD Commute Surveys.

02/2013 to 03/2017 Human Resources Specialist
Massachusetts General Hospital — Brighton, MA

e Posted well-written vacancy announcements using available recruitment tools to attract talented, highly skilled job
applicants.

e Assessed and filtered applications from potential job candidates to identify qualified individuals.

e Coordinated written exams, performance exams, and structured interviews.

¢ Conducted telephone interviews, background checks, reference checks and employment verification.

e Engaged in data collection, identifying organizational needs and development solutions.

e Organized employee schedules, department phone lists and streamlined written exam processes.

e Enforced compliance with federal, state and local employment regulations and laws from EEO to ADA.

e Trained limited-term staff on office experience, technology & productivity, and Human Resources processes to gain
skills for permanent employment.

07/2009 to 02/2013 Staff Assistant DT
City Of Pasadena — City, STATE

e Jessicadernized citywide training program to utilize intranet signups and online course catalog.

¢ Developed training materials, manuals, procedures and visual aids to effectively achieve organizational goals.

e Arranged travel and provided logistical and technology setup for and assistance to outside trainers.

e Evaluated and communicated trainee participation and performance in reports to management.

¢ Made recommendations to improve training based upon observations and feedback from trainees.

© Scheduled training sessions based on availability of classrooms, equipment and instructors.

e Managed daily communications including maintenance of training and conference room calendars and
appointments.

e Prepared course methods, organized seminars and proJessicated presentations for employees.

e Created marketing, announcements, and citywide surveys for Training Division, Employee Advisory Board, &
Benefits Division.

e Partnered with Pasadena City College and CSUN to provide onsite college cohorts.

e Facilitated new employee orientation.

e Conducted biannual AB1825 Preventing workplace harassment training for over 2,000 employees.

e Assisted with facilitation of a pilot citywide succession planning program with over thirty employees preparing to
retire.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma
Crescenta Valley High School - La Crescenta, CA

Associate of Arts: General Studies
Glendale Community College - Glendale, CA

CERTIFICATIONS

e AB1825 Preventing Workplace Harassment Training - 2021
e AB1234 Ethics Traiming - 2021

« AQMD Employee Transportation Coordinator - 2017

¢ Youth Mental Health First Aid (MFHA) - 2016

e CPS HR Academy - 2015

¢ Crucial Conversations - May 2009