SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Diplomatic Human Resources Specialist with 15 years of comprehensive experience managing and guiding
employees. Polished in conducting background checks, organizing and scheduling interviews and
administering employment benefits. Commended for creating positive organizational climate and improving
employee morale and job satisfaction.

« Staff Compensation « Problem Solving
« Employee Engagement « Compensation and Benefits Administration
« Personnel Information Systems e Relationship Building
« Program Modification e Employee Relations
« Cross Functional Collaboration e Recruitment and Hiring
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 04/2018 to CURRENT

Chs, Inc. | Hillsboro, ND

e Advised leadership on vacation and sick time, benefits. job services and employment discrepancies.

e Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding,
orientation and benefits processes.

e Provided HR consultation services to leadership and department heads.

e Held exit interviews and documented information discussed with employees.

¢ Recruited new employees and built relationships, driving visibility.

e Cultivated community relations with referral agencies to maintain strong applicant flow.

e Handled sensitive employee and company information with highest level of confidentiality and discretion.

e Encouraged open communications, promoting positive and pro-employee work environment.

e Investigated workplace issues with professionalism and sensitivity and detailed incidents in reports to
senior executives.

HUWAN RESOURCES COORDINATOR 10/2021 to 02/2022
Affinity Gaming | Primm, NV

e Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and
corrections.

e« Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.

e Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding HR inquiries.

e Managed employee onboarding with enriching internal and external training development of both online
and traditional environments.

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily status and
maintenance activity reports that recommended corrective actions and improvements.

e Created recruitment strategies to drive interest for top prospective students.

SEQVICE COORDINATOR 10/2019 to 07/2021
Enersys | Wyoming, MI

e Followed up with technicians and managers to receive and communicate status updates.

e Toggled between multiple systems and databases to look up information and update records.

e Communicated job expectations and verified project scope to drive successful service delivery.

e Created work orders, providing status to customer and following up with technicians.

e Worked with technicians to complete paperwork within designated timeframe.

e Provided timely feedback to management on service failures and customer concerns.

e Gathered, interpreted and used data to determine structured solutions.

e Drove results by achieving goals and pushing to complete tasks by deadlines.

e Liaised between client and technician to keep parties fully informed.

e Identified methods to improve customer experiences. meeting or exceeding expectations.

e Fostered customer success by resolving inquiries and complaints.

e Communicated with customers upon service completion to answer final questions and determine level of
customer satisfaction.

e Prioritized tasks and persevered toward completion by overcoming setbacks, challenges and adversity.

e Confirmed status of work order by reviewing notes and following up on pending items.

e Built project plan timelines and sequencing, maximizing successful workflow.

HLUVIAN RESOURCES ADMINISTRATOR 06/2017 to 07/2018
Forward Air | Buffalo, NY

e Regularly updated HR databases to reflect employee information, changes in benefits and other details.

e Supervised onboarding process for newly hired employees, including distribution of all paperwork.

e Handled employee conflicts efficiently while following all company procedures.

e Supervised exit interviews and off-boarding process for resigned and terminated employees.

e Oversaw new employee onboarding procedures from initial training to skill development.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding,
orientation and benefits processes.

e Built and developed lasting relationships with employees, peers, upper management and outside
vendors.

e Developed and maintained resources and materials to support hiring managers throughout onboarding
life cycle.

e Leveraged internal HR databases to organize and maintain personnel records, enter employee data
and update previous data.

e Liaised between employees and benefit providers, serving as resource to answer benefit-related
questions.

e Brainstormed with other human resource personnel to determine ways to recruit top talent.

e Answered employee questions regarding health benefits and 401k options.

e Oversaw benefits enrollment process by answering questions and assisting employees with login
details.

e Coordinated company-wide events structured to boost employee morale.

e Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and
workplace health.

HL_-WAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 02/2015 to 01/2018
Company Name | City, State

e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

e Guided new hires through orientation and onboarding and explained documentation requirements to
facilitate HR process.

e Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

e Reviewed and processed payroll-related actions to drive data accuracy and comply with company policy
and federal and state regulations.

e Scheduled appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel
issues.

e Posted job announcements and pre-screened applicants to candidates for available positions.

e Guided employees through automated self-service platform for real-time attendance tracking and
queries.

e Assisted with planning, organizing and coordinating company events.

e Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing
background checks, providing I-9 forms and handling drug screening paperwork.

e Handled sensitive and confidential employee information with complete discretion.

e Processed employee status changes, keeping human resources systems and employee records up to
date.

e Automated office operations, record tracking and data communications.

SOISTANT TRAINING SUPERVISOR 06/2007 to 06/2008
Company Name | City, State

« Organized and stored employment forms and information.

e Helped with recruitment by posting job openings, screening resumes and scheduling interviews.

« Maintained employee documentation, organizational chart and phone list.

e Assisted with new hire orientation preparation, scheduling and administration.

« Supported recruiting and hiring by coordinating and assisting with interviews.

« Worked on multiple projects simultaneously in fast-paced environment.

e Reviewed identification, references and background checks in alignment with hiring protocol.

e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

« Answered employee inquiries regarding pay and benefits.

« Demonstrated awareness, understanding and skills necessary to work in diverse environment.

« Assisted recruiting department by verifying references checks for prompt onboarding.

« Participated in educational opportunities and read technical publications, updating job knowledge.

e Safeguarded human resource information, maintaining employee confidence and protecting operations.
« Liaised with management to distribute training and promotional opportunity resources to employees.

Bachelor of Science | Business Administration And Management 08/2018
American InterContinental University, Schaumburg, IL