SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Human Resources Professional with extensive employee relations experience in a full range of functions, as
well as success in simultaneously managing multiple projects.

« Training and development « Compensation administration
« Compensation/payroll e Regulatory compliance
« Personnel records maintenance e Employee relations

e New hire orientation

Nominated for employee of the quarter
Successfully increased awards timeliness by 50%

HUMAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 01/2014 to CURRENT
Builders Firstsource, Inc. | Vandalia, OH

e Receives and reviews all requests for awards for completeness and accuracy.

e Tracks and processes all military leave forms through APEQs.

e Provides technical guidance to supervisors concerning relevant procedures.

e Organize, prepare, and narrate monthly award ceremony.

e Coordinates employee attendance at awards ceremonies.

e Prepares all awards for awards board twice monthly, makes corrections and finalizes award prior to
sending to Hospital Commander.

e Assist managers with the preparation of citations and justifications for awards and prepares all military
award certificates for command signature.

SEQRETARY 11/2012 to 01/2014
Trinity Health Systems Inc | Mohall, ND

e Received calls, greeted visitors, and directed to division supervisors or other staff members.

e Prepared correspondence on administrative support or clerical functions of the office.

e Assembled, prepared and submitted office reports of staff time charges and ensured personnel time
cards matched with DMHRSi reported time.

e Provided technical and administrative support standards for off-duty employment.

e Assisted in tracking civilian evaluations and training folders to ensure timeliness and accuracy.

e Notifies employees and supervisors when performance plans and evaluations are due and monitors to
ensure timeliness and submission for all civilian employees and that all suspense dates are met.

e Initiated in processing and out processing for Soldiers assigned to MEDDAC.

e Entered new employee information and researched problems associated with existing data. Deleted
employees who have departed and/or makes changes such as name changes, promotions,
reassignments, or organizational changes in the APEQS database.

CKCLD CARE PROVIDER 2010 to 2012
North Country Academy | Colleyville, TX

« Child and Youth Program Assistant

e Maintained control and accounted for safety of all children.

e Helped establish a learning environment that promoted positive interactions between children.

e Interacted with children using approved child guidance and youth development techniques as well as
professionally with staff members. parents, and Command.

e Supervised children during daily schedule of indoor and outdoor activities, on field trips, outings, and
special events.

e Completed designated training requirements and recorded and tracks completed training on my own
Individual Development Plan.

FR SECRETARY 07/2009 to 07/2010
Hackensack University Medical Center | Manahawkin, NJ

e Attended meetings with Chain of Command and took notes for FRG meetings.
e Typed notes to hand out at FRG meetings.
e Maintained records of who attended meetings.

REMITTANCE CLERK 07/2008 to 06/2009
International Bancshares Corp | Freer, TX

e Answered phone calls and assisted customers with making their payments over the phone

e Operated high speed mail opening equipment and sorted through the mail to verify that it was
accurately placed in the right department

e Maintained records for customers who were set up on auto draft

e Computed and record numerical data to keep customer's accurate

e Promoted and maintained a positive attitude with all contacts, customers, and potential customers.

TEQCHER'S ASSISTANT 03/2008 to 06/2008
Children's Tree House | City, STATE

e Assisted the lead teacher in the 18-24 month room which held between seven and eight children.

e Performed various learning activities with the children that would help promote their emotional, social,
intellectual, and physical developments at the center Created weekly classroom activity planners which
included arts and crafts and story time.

e Assisted with general housekeeping tasks by sanitizing the toys that the children played with and doing
the daily laundry.

e Maintained a neat and organized classroom by making sure the toys and books were put away when
the children where done using them.

ACOMNISTRATION CLERK 03/2007 to 03/2008
US Army | City, STATE, Germany

e Prepared and Processed recommendations for awards, decorations and promotions

e Processed orders for temporary duty and travel for more than 175 employees

e Typed military and non military correspondences in drafts and final copy Updated 175 personnel files in
a 72 hour period with a 0% error rating

e Assembled over 200 reintegration packets consisting of over 7000 various forms for personnel
returning from deployment, allowing smooth transition

e Processed personnel actions for an organization of 200 people with a 100% accuracy rate

e Designed five different types of trackers to ensure 100% completion of reintegration during
redeployment.

BF_LDGE CREW MEMBER 09/2005 to 02/2007
US Army | City, STATE, Germany

¢ Prepared bridge site and set up site layouts.

e Advised crew members in the assembly and maintenance of military bridges.

¢ Operated bridge trucks and light vehicles.
e Performed vehicle maintenance.

Bachelors | Management 03/2015
American Military University/ American Public University System
GPA: GPA: 3.20

Concentration: Human Resources Management
120 Semester Hours GPA: 3.20

-Detailed record keeping abilities, accomplished multi tasking skills, excellent customer service and
communication skills, able to follow detailed procedures and instructions, fast learner, works well with others