SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE ©

EDUCATION (©)

VOLUNTEER

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

High energy HR Generalist with 6 years' experience maximizing organizational productivity for high-volume
operations through benefits management and workforce planning. Broad background supporting operational
level policy and planning to meet mission objectives. Skilled in collecting data, evaluating effectiveness, and
developing strategic plans.

¢ Staffing and recruiting professional e Manager coaching and training
e Employment law knowledge ¢ Performance management strategies
e Benefits administrator e Employee relations
HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST 10/2014 to CURRENT

Airgas Inc | Gastonia, NC

e High volume, full life cycle recruiting across 5 divisions.

e Managed company benefits and welfare programs.

e Processed all salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay
adjustments.

e Created and modified job descriptions within all departments.

HLWAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST (CONTRACTOR) 08/2012 to 01/2013
Airgas Inc | Gaylord, MI

e FMLA processing and tracking.

e Unemployment and workers compensation management.

e Employee relations for Virginia and North Carolina.
e Regulatory reporting such as Affirmative Action, VETS100, EEO & OSHA.

HL-VWAN RESOURCES RECRUITER (CONTRACTOR) 09/2011 to 02/2012
Chartway Federal Credit Union | City, STATE

e High volume, full life cycle recruiting for the corporate center & 64 branches across 10 states.

e Develop relationships with hiring managers to better determine skill gaps for hiring needs.

e Created marketing tools to highlight company benefits to prospective new hires.
e Reported recruiting metrics to support the development of sourcing pipelines.

HL-WAN RESOURCES GENERALIST 03/2008 to 06/2011
Consumer Directed Choices | City, STATE
e Worked closely with the Director & oversaw the HR department programs & services.
e Developed an HR department strategic plan leading to department goals, mission statement & systems
to support the achievement of the overall business objectives.
e Initiated the development of HR metrics used to analyze trends.
e Cut employee turnover from 62% to 14% by improving the recruitment & onboarding process.

BS | Business Management & Marketing 2006
Siena College, Loudonville, NY
Business Management & Marketing

Marketing Coordinator- Buckhead, GA
SHRM Geographical Emphasis Meetings (GEM)