JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Diplomatic Human Resources Specialist with years of comprehensive experience managing and guiding employees. Polished in conducting
background checks. organizing and scheduling interviews and administering employment benefits. Commended for creating positive
organizational climate and improving employee morale and job satisfaction.

SKILLS
* Policies Implementation e Report Preparation
e Personnel Recruitment ¢ Employment Recordkeeping
e Personnel Engagement e Candidate Searching
e HRIS Applications Proficient ¢ Employee Orientation
¢ Benefits Administrator e New Hire Onboarding
¢ Promotion Coordination © Work Complaint Handling
¢ Employee Relations e Termination Documentation
e Applicant Qualification ¢ Employee Hiring
e Performance Appraisal © Procedure Compliance
e Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) ¢ Retention Program Development
e Transfer Coordination e In-Person and Telephone Interviewing
EXPERIENCE

Human Resources Generalist, 04/2022 - Current
Trident Seafoods — Kodiak, AK
e Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and workplace health.
¢ Conducted employee hiring and exit interviews.
e Transmitted enrollment, termination and alteration information to vendors within established timeframes to keep changes up-to-date.
¢ Worked on workers’ compensation claims and benefits.
e Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding human resources inquiries.
e Maintained records of employee files, benefits information and workers’ compensation files.
¢ Drafted department-specific employee announcements.
¢ Conducted background checks, reference checks and employment verification.
e Facilitated delivery of HR services by establishing and maintaining positive relationships with teams and leadership across organization.
e Recruited and on-boarded full tme employee and support staff.
¢ Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees.

Human Resources Coordinator, 08/2021 - 03/2022
Alliance Healthcare Services, Inc. — Visalia, CA
e Answered employee questions during entrance and exit interview processes.
¢ Explained human resources policies and procedures to employees.
e Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing background checks, providing I-9
forms and handling drug screening paperwork.
* Initialized background checks for potential new hires.
e Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding HR inquiries.
e Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.
¢ Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions.
¢ Managed employee onboarding with enriching internal and external training development of both online and traditional environments.
*« Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.
¢ Launched innovative incentive program to achieve low turnover rate in highly competitive market.
e Assisted in employee recruitment, hiring and interview processes.
* Developed employee orientation and training programs for new hires.
¢ Helped with employee transfers and referrals.

e Scheduled meetings with employees to address concerns and grievances.

Office Manager, 01/2015 - 07/2017
Encore Electric — Colorado Springs, CO
e Oversaw receiving and organizing correspondence, answering and forwarding calls and creating business letters and records.
* Coordinated office activities and operations to secure efficiency and compliance with company policies.
© Coded and entered daily invoices with in-house accounting software.
e Interpreted and communicated work procedures and company policies to staff.
e Used judgment and initiative in handling confidential matters and requests.
e Reviewed files and records to obtain information and respond to requests.
e Administered payroll and maintained proper documentation of employee personnel.
e Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.
¢ Recruited and onboarded all new hires.

Human Resources Generalist, 02/2012 - 10/2013
Trident Seafoods — Anchorage, AK
e Conducted employee hiring and exit interviews.
e Facilitated transition from paper to electronic time sheet all regional employees, improving flexibility and eliminating manual entry time.
e Processed salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.
e Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding human resources inquiries.
e Maintained records of payroll forms, leave notifications, employee files, benefits information and workers’ compensation files.
e Conducted background checks, reference checks and employment verification.
* Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Real Estate License: Real Estate, 05/2003
Champions School of Real Estate - Houston, TX