PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Oversee well-organized and efficient HR operations by balancing organizational targets with compliance and
employee demands. Focused on maximizing resource utilization and enhancing performance with forward-
thinking approaches. Solid background of improving collaboration and consensus across [Industry] company
environments.

« Employee Appraisals e« Benefits Administration
« Complaint Response e Human Resources Administration
« Training Development e Microsoft Office
« Workers' Compensation Oversight e Administering Disciplinary Procedures
« Accident Investigations e Health and Safety Programs
DIRECTOR OF HUMAN RESOURCES 10/2019 to CURRENT

Icon Identity Solutions | Raleigh, NC

Six years of experience in managing and supervising the HR department. Responsible for overseeing daily
workflows and activities of the Office Manager(s). Additional experience in project management and
implementation for initiatives related to human resources, workplace culture improvement, and people
operations management. Responsible for recording and monitoring important data or statistics, key
performance indicators related to HR and People Ops, and creating customized onboarding plans for new
hires. | also handle documentation and disciplining of employees for infractions or violations of company
policies and manage the process for performance evaluations. Furthermore, | collaborate with senior
leadership to understand the organization's goals and strategy related to staffing. recruiting, and retention.
He is also responsible for maintaining knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new
technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law, and for ensuring the
organization's compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations. Finally, he facilitates
professional development, training, and certification activities for staff and leads employee anniversaries and
culture acknowledgments.

e Experience in the human resources field with a proven track record spearheading the development and
implementation of HR strategies, policies, and programs that support organizational goals and
objectives.

e Skilled in managing and supervising staff, providing guidance and support to senior management, and
ensuring compliance with employment laws and regulations.

e Engaged in assisting 3 Operations managers and 1 HR Assistant to maintain the structural and
organizational integrity of the workplace. While | am sometimes regarded as the disciplinary arm of the
organization. in reality, as the Director of HR | am involved in many supportive responsibilities:

e Maintain Company Culture

e New Hire Onboarding and Exit

e Manage Employee Benefits

e Create a Safe Work Environment

e Employer-Employee Relations

e Training and Development

e Handle Disciplinary Actions

NC_TARY PUBLIC - LOAN SIGNING AGENT 02/2015 to CURRENT
Long Island Fqhc | Hempstead, NY

Followed proper protocol when notarizing documents, and verifying signatures and dates for compliance.
e Looked for signs of fraud or coercion and refused notarization.
e Administered oath to document signers to obtain affirmation of truth.
e Checked client identification to maintain compliance with state legal requirements.
e Examined documents for accuracy. completion, and compliance before notarizing.
e Drafted and executed notarial affidavits in accordance with applicable laws.
e Setup and managed appointments for client notary services.

HUMAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 02/2017 to 10/2019
Michael's Transportation Service, Inc. | City, STATE

e Delivered warm-hearted assistance to new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Filed paperwork, sorted, and delivered mail, and maintained office organization.

e Developed comprehensive process for new hires and reviewed new hire productivity, optimizing
onboarding effectiveness.

e Organized new employee orientation schedules for new hires.

e Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

e Coordinated new hire onboarding, completing background checks and reference checks to complete
screenings.

e Coordinated technical training and personal development classes for staff members.

EN-ERGENCY UTILITY DISPATCH/CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 05/2005 to 05/2013
Enco Utility Services | City, STATE
e Monitored alarm systems and closed circuit televisions to dispatch appropriate police response to
intrusions and trouble-indicated alarms.
¢ Active listening to determine the appropriate resolution or response needed.
e Offered friendly and efficient service to customers, and handled challenging situations with ease.
e Resolved customer inquiries and complaints with moderate supervision.
e Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints quickly.
e Effectively communicated with clients about payment needs and kept updated detailed and accurate
transactions.
e Generated invoices upon receipt of billing information and tracked collection progress.

Bachelor of Arts | Organizational Leadership
Azusa Pacific University, Menifee, CA

Cé_tificate Human Resources Management | Human Resources Management 09/2016
California State University, East Bay, Hayward, CA
Executive Certificate: Requires completion of 16+ classes

Ca_fornia State Notary Public Commission | Notary Public 09/2015
National Notary Association, Fairfield, CA

State-Required Training
Satisfy the California Notary education requirement.

Notary Signing Agent Training

oversee loan signings in California as a NNA® certified Notary Signing Agent. Title companies and signing
services hire NSAs to deliver loan documents to borrowers, oversee the signing and return the documents.
Note: Earned Notary Public Commission before starting the NSA certification process.

Ceé_tificate - Dispatcher Public Safety (Basic) | Dispatcher Public Safety 12/2013
Ben Clark Public Safety Training Center, Riverside, CA

PUBLIC SAFETY DISPATCH TRAINING

This course is a basic overview of public safety dispatching and satisfies the July 1, 2011 revised curriculum
set by the Peace Officer Standards and training for basic public safety and dispatching.

Completed 6.0 units of college credits.

LeVal Assistant Certificate | Paralegal Studies 09/2006
Mt. San Jacinto, Menifee