SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Meticulous Human Resources Specialist bringing 20 years of experience promoting open-door environment
conducive to superior team morale and performance. Cultural change-management specialist with expertise
in training, orientation and on-boarding. Highly skilled in regulatory compliance. benefits administration and

operational planning and committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in employee relations.

e HRIS applications proficient ¢ Personnel engagement
e Personnel recruitment ¢ Policies implementation
e Cost reductions

HUMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST 11/XXX7 to CURRENT
Brown University | Providence, RI

e Supervised staff and client training to ensure comprehensive knowledge of federal, state and local
regulations.

e Supported clients with HR practice development and program creation, including performance
management and evaluations, job descriptions and salary ranges.

e Evaluated staff performance at multiple facilities and made recommendations for training improvement.

e Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps,
including onboarding, orientation and benefits.

e Managed 3 employees across compensation, benefits, wellness and safety, HRIS, payroll and
information and data departments to ensure optimal productivity.

e Managed strategy for performance evaluation, corrective action and disciplinary measures.

e Oversaw all facets of staff and client training objectives to install knowledge of federal, state and local
regulations and requirements.

e Guided staff on hiring practices, salary ranges, and position request forms.

e Assessed and filtered resumes from potential job candidates to determine qualified individuals.

e Developed process improvements and streamlined procedures to effectively resolve employee
discrepancies.

e Mitigated regulatory risks by advising leadership with recommendations on organizational policy
improvements, including equal employment opportunity and sexual harassment for corrective action
planning.

e Prepared employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training programs.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, resolve problems and
interpret compensation and benefits policies.

e Posted well-written vacancy announcements using available recruitment tools to attract talented, highly
skilled job applicants.

e Launched internal postings and marketing in addition to maintaining employment opportunities online.

HL-VIAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST O7/XXX5 to 10/XXX7
Brown University | Providence, RI

e Planned recruitment events for interested applicants and organized onboarding activities for newly hired
employees.

e Supervised staff and client training to ensure comprehensive knowledge of federal, state and local
regulations.

e Supported clients with HR practice development and program creation, including performance
management and evaluations, job descriptions and salary ranges.

e Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps,
including onboarding, orientation and benefits.

e Managed strategy for performance evaluation, corrective action and disciplinary measures.

e Oversaw all facets of staff and client training objectives to install knowledge of federal, state and local
regulations and requirements.

e Assessed and filtered resumes from potential job candidates to determine qualified individuals.

e Implemented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize
productivity and unite workforce.

e Developed process improvements and streamlined procedures to effectively resolve employee
discrepancies.

¢ Trained staff on software functionality for human resources processes. including employee referral
program, sensitive position tracking and tuition assistance program.

¢ Mitigated regulatory risks by advising leadership with recommendations on organizational policy
improvements, including equal employment opportunity and sexual harassment for corrective action
planning.

e Prepared employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training programs.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, resolve problems and
interpret compensation and benefits policies.

e Posted well-written vacancy announcements using available recruitment tools to attract talented, highly
skilled job applicants.

e Managed 1 employees across compensation, benefits, wellness and safety, HRIS, payroll and
information and data departments to ensure optimal productivity.

HUYWIAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 09/2005 to O7/XXX5
Casa Systems | Atlanta, GA

e Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

e Guided new hires through orientation and on-boarding and explained documentation requirements to
facilitate HR process.

e Assisted with employee termination process to drive consistency and reduce discrimination claims.

e Reviewed and processed payroll-related actions to drive data accuracy and comply with company policy
and federal and state regulations.

e Prepared and submitted final pay for exiting employees to comply with federal law.

e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

e Submitted monthly, quarterly and weekly reports to Huntsville to track mandatory requirements.

e Filed documents, delivered mail and performed bookkeeping to facilitate office operations of HR
department.

e Examined employee files to answer inquiries for assistance with personnel actions.

e Verified previous employers and other references to determine applicants' employment acceptability.

e Reviewed all candidate documentation, including identification, references and background checks in
alignment with hiring protocol.

e Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork.

CLORK SPECIALIST 04/2002 to 09/2005
State Of lowa | Ashton, IA

« Created, updated and maintained detailed documents and spreadsheets by creating professional
charts, tables and filters.

« Filed documents according to alphanumeric system to promote ease of use and optimal team
productivity.

« Supported office clerical functions using word processing and other software, email and office
machines.

« Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.

e« Followed all confidentiality rules to preserve data quality and reduce chance for information
compromise.

e« Prepared packages for shipment by generating packing slips and setting up courier deliveries.

e« Sorted and distributed business correspondence to correct department or staff member.

« Organized computer-based information to minimize errors.

e Assisted team members with special projects by coordinating records and resources to meet expected
requirements.

e« Supported office document needs, including scanning documents and routing business
correspondence.

« Observed all deadlines, enabling timely completion of tasks.

« Processed timely accounts payable and accounts receivable updates to keep financial records current
and compliant with standards.

« Answered multi-line telephone system and routed calls to appropriate personnel.

« Contacted customers about changes or updates in accounts and communicated potential problems.

e« Delivered high-quality customer service through deep commitment to knowledge and performance.

GED
Lamesa High School, Lamesa, TX

BuOness
Howard College, Lamesa, TX