JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Accomplished personnel engagement professional with strong background supporting building and retention of talented teams. Skilled in

tackling personnel grievances and conflicts, working with management in attainment of challenging objectives.

SKILLS
¢ Work Complaint Handling * Candidate Searching
¢ Policy Interpretation e Human Resources Management Systems
« Management Consulting e Employee Relations
¢ In-Person and Telephone Interviewing e Recruitment Management
¢ Employee Orientation e Leave of Absence Transitions
¢ Performance Appraisal ¢ New Hire Onboarding

e Applicant Qualification

Work History

10/2007 to 05/2010 Human Resources Generalist

06/2005 to 05/2006

Airgas Inc — Greenwood, MS

¢ Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to human resources activity.

e Explained and administered medical insurance, disability and flexible spending accounts.

© Met with staff to resolve difficult situations related to performance and conflict management.

e Improved quality of hiring decisions by working with hiring managers on new comprehensive employment
selection processes.

¢ Prepared and submitted organization's Affirmative Action Plan and EEO report.

e Processed unemployment claims and acted as company representative at unemployment hearings.

* Coached managers through employee engagement, documentation, discipline and performance improvement plans.

¢ Conducted salary survey research for both exempt and non-exempt positions.

e Facilitated criminal background check process for new hires.

¢ Understood, interpreted and mediated human resources inquiries to support administration of human resources
policies, procedures and programs.

¢ Provided guidance to managers and employees on talent management, payroll, FMLA, and benefits.

e Verified that vendors received timely enrollment information, changes and terminations.

* Collaborated with payroll to complete and upload pay data and worked with managers to support proper wage and
hour compliance.

¢ Conducted career fairs, screened resumes, and interviewed applicants to build candidate pipelines and enhance
company culture.

e Managed employee rewards programs.

Recruiter
Docgo Inc. — Columbus, OH

¢ Followed up with notable applicants sourced via industry-specific pipelines, events and job fairs.

e Generated specific candidate pool for career opportunities through strategic placement of advertisements,
evaluation of applicant credentials, and conducting initial interviews and pre-screening assessments.

e Leveraged social media platforms and online job boards to advertise open positions and engage with potential
candidates.

¢ Developed and deepened relationships with college campus representatives to meet with graduating seniors for
recruitment.

¢ Maintained filing system of current, prospective and future positions.

¢ Compiled and produced qualified candidates' information for hiring manager review and liaised between parties to
coordinate formal, management interviews.

e Facilitated new employee orientations to foster positive team attitude.

e Tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables.

e Evaluated strengths and weaknesses of candidates through effective screening processes.

e Verified applicant references and employment details.

¢ Operated and maintained applicant tracking and candidate management systems.

02/2000 to 02/2001 On Site Manager

Brambles — Portland, OR

e Supervised and performed human resource management functions for 10 subordinates.

¢ Managed quality programs to reduce overdue compliance activities.

e Supervised site investigations, reported issues and escalated those that required further assistance.

¢ Cultivated positive rapport with fellow employees to boost company morale and promote employee retention.

e Maintained professional demeanor by staying calm when addressing unhappy or angry customers.

e Maintained positive customer relations by addressing problems head-on and implementing successful corrective
actions.

10/1998 to 02/2000 Human Resources Specialist

EpucatTIon

05/1998

Brewer Science — Springfield, MO

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, alleviate problems and interpret
compensation and benefits policies.

e Oversaw and managed hiring process and assisted human resources.

e Planned and managed recruitment activities for new hires using strategic personnel, staffing and position
management practices.

e Advocated for staff members and counsel supervisors to identify and resolve conflicts.

e Launched company-wide HR strategies, practices and benefits and compensation policies to drive departmental and
business objectives.

© Provided troubleshooting and technical assistance in use of PeopleAdmin system.

¢ Delivered consultative services and recruited qualified and diversified candidates for employment.

e Conserved time and improved workflows by handling special projects and emergency solutions.

e Improved customer service rankings by quickly resolving issues to improve overall satisfaction.

e Reviewed and screened applicant resumes to identify qualified candidates.

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration
Missouri Western State University - Saint Joseph. MO