JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Versatile and accomplished Human Resources professional with many years of experience in HR management including. HR Federal and State
Compliance, payroll, recruiting, training, benefits administration, Workers' Compensation, and employee relations. Direct human resources
operations with a clear focus on meeting and exceeding organizational targets while maintaining compliance and employee satisfaction. Driven

to maximize resource utilization and boost performance with proactive strategies, offering a successful career history spanning more than 15

years.
SKILLS
e Payroll processing ¢ Benefits administration, Organizational development
e Employee relations e Case management, Payroll
e Performance Mgmt. Evaluations * Conflict resolution, Payroll processing
e Personnel engagement e Counseling, Performance appraisals
e HR Policies implementation & procedures e Employee relations, Performance management
e Employee handbook development © Staff training, Personnel
© Conflict resolution e Hiring, Policies
e Personnel recruitment e HRIS, Processes
¢ Benefits administration e Human Resource Management, Psychology
¢ Employment Law Knowledge e Human Resource, Recruiting
e SAP HRIS, ADP. Kronos, Ultipro, e Human Resources, Recruitment
e HR Accuity Software Proficient. e HR. Reporting
e FMLA / ADA / EEO / WC e Human Resources Management, Safety
e WC - Workers’ comp. case management e Insurance, SAP
e Organizational development e Kronos, Scheduling
e Training and development e Latin, Staffing
e Regulatory compliance e Law, Surveys
e ADA, Director © Legal, Travel arrangements
« ADP Mgmt ¢ Regulatory compliance, Vision
e Attorney, Mediation
¢ Benefits, Meetings
EXPERIENCE

HR Manager HRBP- Human Resources Business Parthner, 11/2017 - 10/2019
Rich Products Corporation — Hilliard, OH
e A Business Partner responsible for recruitment, benefits, compensation, wellness, employee relations, conflict resolution, counseling, on-
boarding, termination, investigations, compliance with State and Federal regulations as well as implementation and maintenance of the
Human Resource Information System (HRIS) for a total of 300 employees in the Miami Branch.
* Conducted investigations of employees for disciplinary matters, write reports regarding the investigations and make discipline
recommendations.
e Advised administrators on the proper procedure in handling personnel matters and issues including employee matters.
* Coordinated and facilitated grievance procedures.
e Analyzed and responded to Family and Medical Leave Act inquiries, and requests for accommodation under the Americans with
Disabilities Act.
¢ Rolled out different engagement activities such as roundtable meetings and employee engagement surveys that supported substantial
increases in the employee morale and overall satisfaction with the organization.
¢ Responsible for the administration of benefits such as Medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD, Cobra, Life Insurance, Legal, Voluntary plans.
FMLA, LOA and wellness program.
¢ Job classifications, job grading, performance appraisals reviews, compensation reviews, transfers and promotions salary changes.
« Responsible for ensuring all proper Federal, State and Local Laws are applied.
¢ Performed other assigned tasks or related HR work as required by the Director of Human Resources.
¢ Frequently delivered training to Managers and Supervisors on different people processes (performance management, diversity and

harassment, people planning, policies and processes.

Human Resources Manager - Director, 12/2008 - 10/2017
Kinpos Software Technology — City, STATE

¢ Performed all HR operations including talent recruitment, benefits, compensation, wellness, employee relations, conflict resolution,
counseling, on-boarding, termination, unemployment claims, and investigations.

e Ensured compliance with State and Federal regulations for a total of 430 employees in the US and Latin American countries.

* Conducted employee disciplinary investigations, documented findings, and made disciplinary recommendations.

* Conducted new-hire orientation and processing.

* Completed new hire on-boarding, as well as terminations/exit interviews.

e Implemented and managed enrollment for all employee benefits programs.

e Analyzed and responded to Family and Medical Leave Act inquiries, and requests for accommodation under the Americans with
Disabilities Act.

e Maintained and monitored workers’ compensation claims, reporting, investigation, and post-injury care, ensuring that carrier closed cases
in a timely manner.

* Organized and oversaw quarterly and annual audits.

¢ Provided support to management in developing personnel procedures.

e Served as a key contributor to progressive discipline, conflict resolution, and investigation.

e Analyzed, developed, and reviewed policies and regulations for personnel matter.

¢ Supplied all information requested by labor attorney for mediation and deposition.

e Reviewed resumes and conducted all preliminary interviewing and scheduling, assisting the hiring manager with second and final
interviews.

¢ Developed, coordinated, and executed staff training and development programs for all personnel functions.

* Monitored performance evaluations, job classifications and grading, compensation reviews, transfers and salary changes.

Human Resources Manager, 08/2003 - 10/2008
BS Usa Inc Manufacturing — City, STATE
e Oversaw IHR functions for the Florida Region.
e Managed and assisted with payroll administration.
* Coordinated travel arrangements for management.
* Organized meetings and training events for all sites.
e Performed general HR functions including employee counseling, benefits administration; new hire processing, and terminations.
¢ Tracked critical performance metrics for all branches and regions.
* Submitted payroll information to corporate or payroll processing company (ADP Total Source).
e Processed open enrollment benefits.
e Supervised the safety program.
e Partnered with experienced recruiting team to ensure staffing needs are fulfilled.
e Checks, interviewing, employment verification, and scheduling.
e Completed annual performance evaluation and salary review process for all employees.
e Fostered the creation of a positive work environment through ongoing employee events and programs.
e Managed HR operations for a group of 100 employees, including hiring, terminations, resolution of issues related to support staff,
background checks, interviewing, employment verification, and scheduling.
« Administered employee insurance, pension and savings plans.

e Liaised with insurance brokers and plan carriers.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
BS: Business Administration’ Human Resources

Bogota Colombia

SHRM Society of Human Resource Management Advanced course Recruiting and Interviewing Techniques Coursework in
communications and psychology SPHR - Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) Human Resources Management certificate -

currently attending

ACTIVITIES AND HONORS

e Member, Small Business Association (2008 - present)
¢ Member of the Society for Human Resource Management SHRM.