PROFESSIONAL
BACKGROUND

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL

EDUCATION AND

INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

| am a Billing Specialist, who successfully manages multiple data entry projects at once. Transcription expert
focused on delivering high quality results in a timely manner. As a Data Entry Assistant | am experienced in
confirming the accuracy of data in various systems and developing spreadsheets.

e Windows, Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point e Maintains strict confidentiality

« Care Connect Computer Systems « OB-GYN, surgery, gastro, ENT, ortho experience

« Medical office software: Care Connect, EPIC, e Extensive anatomy/physiology knowledge
Invision, Optime. e Electronic Medical Record (EMR) software

« Safety protocol training e Trained in ASC Coding

« Accounting software e Anesthesia coding

« Medical terminology e Surgical billing expertise

« Team player with positive attitude ¢ Quality assessment of coded data

« Deadline-driven e« HIPAA compliance

« Good written communication e Medical billing software

« Exercises good judgment e Strong planning skills

« Problem resolution e Strong work ethic

« Data entry e Documentation

Reduced processing time by 20%. Recognized for outstanding accuracy and dedication to department
needs.Developed a filing system to handle high-volume paperwork needs for growing department. Assisted in
managing detailed scheduling to ensure adequate staffing for a high-volume surgical facility.

HUMAN RESOURCES 06/2016 to CURRENT
Brown Harris Stevens Residential Management, Lic | New York, NY

e My primary responsibility is to collaborate with the human resources director and coworkers.
e Increased team efficiency.

e Maintained 100% compliance with all hospital and government regulations.

e Consolidated diverse medical records.

e Scanned incoming documentation.

e |am dedicated to relieving HR directors and help accomplish HR-related tasks.

e Updated daily logs to track information movements.

e Maintained complete confidentiality in accordance with organization and legal requirements.
e Documenting enrollment, recruitment, and preforming a multitude of tasks as needed.

e Drafted internal announcements and sent them in a timely manner.

e Recruited for various positions across multiple sites.

e Maintained an accurate candidate tracking system.

e Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
e HR procedures, Microsoft Excel and Word.

SUXGICAL BILLING SPECIALIST RESIGNED 01/2013 to 03/2014
Texas Health Resource Harris Fort Worth Overton Ridge Blvd | City, STATE

Retrieved physician correspondence from dictation service and made edits when necessary. Thoroughly
investigated past due invoices and minimized number of unpaid accounts.

e Provided administrative supportCoded outpatient encounters at a rate of 160 per day and 120 complex
specialty coding.

e Accurately entered procedure codes, diagnosis codes and patient information into billing software.

e Reviewed diagnostic and procedural terminology for consistency with acceptable medical nomenclature.

e Ensured compliance with medical/legal requirements, JCAHO standards and Army regulations.

e Consistently ensured proper coding, sequencing of diagnoses and procedures.

e Quickly responded to staff and client inquiries regarding CPT codes.

e Acted as a liaison between the business department, billers and third party payers in resolving billing
and reimbursement accuracy.

e Verified and abstracted all medical data to assign appropriate codes for hospital inpatient records.

¢ Demonstrated knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations by appropriately handling patient
information.

e Received, organized and maintained all coding and reimbursement periodicals and updates.

e Evaluated the accuracy of provider charges, including dates of service, procedures, level of care,
locations, diagnoses, patient identification and provider signature.

e Completed appeals and filed and submitted claims.

e Posted charges, payments and adjustments.

e Submitted refund requests for claims paid in error.

e Ensured timely and accurate charge submission through electronic charge capture, including the billing
and account receivables (BAR) system and clearing house.

e Performed quality control of the data entry system to verify that claims and payments were posted
correctly.

e Performed medical billing in a fast-paced medical billing company.

e |was responsible for identifying problem solving issues.

e Made sure that all vendor invoices were attached and correct.

e Verified all charges. for accuracy, and corrected them in a timely matter, with high accuracy rate.

e Completed reports.

e Communicated professionally with doctors, nurses, implant vendors and other medical professions.

e Handling patient detailed information, such as correct processes, billing charges, and implant items.

e | am fully trained in anesthesia billing, billing codes, cost, and gas unit calculations.

e Performed various administrative duties, including data entry and document preparation.

e Maintained and handles all aspects of bill holding and sending information to head director.

OLO NAVY, MEN'S MERCHANDISE SPECIALIST. 06/2010 to 2013
Old Navy | City, STATE

e Described merchandise and explain operation of merchandise to customers.

e Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges. and security
practices.

e Placed special orders and called other stores to find desired items. Administered all point of sale
opening and closing procedures.

e Facilitated monthly and quarterly physical inventory counts. Replenished floor stock and processed
shipments to ensure product availability for customers.

e Computed sales prices, total purchases and processed payments.

e Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.

e Opened a new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staff.

e Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.

e Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.

e Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.

e Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.

e Analyzed marketing information and translated it into strategic plans.

e Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues in a tactful and effective manner.

e Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.

INCEPENDENT CONSULTANT 05/2016 to CURRENT
High Profile Inc | City, STATE

e Managed the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.

e Direct a comprehensive PPC campaign to increase brand awareness and boost rates.

e Presented on current promotions to the public at events.

e Coordinated pre-show and post-show activities at trade shows.

e Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives
and market trends.

e Collaborated with advertising and promotion managers to promote products

e and services. Compiled comprehensive lists describing product and service offerings.

e Inspect, collect, interpret, analyze and compile data obtained from material testing.

e Proofread and edit reports, questionnaires and research publications.

Bachelors | Business Management 2018
Texas Wesleyan University
Business Management

AsCociate of Arts | Nursing
Tarrant County College, Arlington, TX

AsCociate | Arts DEC 31, 2012
Southwest High School, Fort Worth, TX
Arts

« Clubs and Awards Phi Theta Kappa Honor Student History Underground Club Product management
Completions skills Top Customer Service Award, Customer Satisfaction Achievement

Medical software, Administrative, Anesthesiologist, Anesthesia billing. closing. CustomerRepresenative,
Patient relations, Liasion, Human resources, logistics, Director, Marketing research, Medical coding. Medical
terminology, Health Education, Microsoft Excel, Excel, money, Clinical practice managment, Microsoft Outlook,
Power Point, Windows, Word. Microsoft Word. Office skills, clinical for OR, Problem solving, Processes,
Recruitment, Fire and Safety, Management