JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Forward-thinking Human Resource Coordinator with expertise in hiring, developing and motivating employees. Well-versed in explaining
benefits packages to assist employee comprehension and decision-making. Builds rapport at all levels and resolves issues professionally.

SKILLS

¢ COMPUTER COMPETENCIES: ¢ Human Resources
® Proficient in MS Word e Strategic Sourcing
e Conflict Management e Personnel Engagement
e Excel ¢ Team Collaboration
¢ PowerPoint * Policies Implementation
* Outlook ¢ Staffing and Recruiting Professional
e IPRO © Recruitment
e Type 45-50 wpm, 10-key e Employee Engagement
e Microsoft Teams e¢ Employee Recruitment
e Iron Mountain (Auditing) © Interviewing Expertise
* Novo Nordisk (Success-Factor) ¢ Employee Onboarding
e 19 Tracker System

EXPERIENCE

Human Resources, 08/2022 - Current
St Therese Home Of New Hope — Robbinsdale, MN
e TA Acquisition
¢ Pulling documents of new hire from Novo Nordisk Source Factor site and upload into their file and in Master Tractor (Excel)
« Compressing documents of new hires, audit, uploading onto excel spreadsheet.
¢ Uploading tickets once compressions are completed.
e External/Internal Audits in Iron Mountain site two weeks after start and onto Excel spreadsheet
e Sending and following up with Candidates on Onboarding Paperwork
¢ Follow up with Hiring Managers to do I9 forms in other locations
¢ Final Communications for new hires sending emails on orientation, and location
e Creating I-9 forms for new h
e Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing background checks, providing I-9
forms and handling drug screening paperwork.
¢ Processed, verified and maintained personnel-related documentation.
e Gathered personnel records from other departments or employees.
e Partnered with HR on creative strategies for talent acquisition processes and procedures while researching market trends.

e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

Caregiver, 01/2016 - Current
Belmont Village — Lakeway, TX
¢ Help clients or residents with activities of daily living.
e Perform personal care tasks such as hygiene, ambulation, eating, dressing. toileting, and shaving.
¢ Provide transfers assistance by moving clients in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs, or cars.
e Maintain specialized approach to responsibilities such as uniform, start times, and absenteeism.
* Create and maintain pleasant work environment.
¢ Help with sanitation and housekeeping tasks of client’s room, bathroom, and common areas.
e Perform general household tasks including laundry, shopping. errands, and transportation.
¢ Implement and support resident-care plans.
e Assisted with meal planning to meet nutritional plans.

Staffing Coordinator Assistant, 08/2021 - 06/2022
Emcor Group, Inc. — Overland Park. KS
e Serve as liaison for Upper Darby School District to identify potential candidates.
e Ensure contractors’ onboarding documents are complete and accurate for job placement.
e Manage schedules and work assignments for district teachers and teacher assistants.
¢ Compile, review, and process invoices
* Contact contractors for credentialing and billing.
¢ Mentored team members to succeed and advance within department and company.
* Established work schedules and assignments for employees.
¢ Coordinated and planned work shift schedules according to availability.
e Assisted in new hire process by calling and scheduling appointments with candidates, filling out required paperwork and preparing
manuals.
e Assisted payroll teams by reporting employee hours and calculating correct compensation.
¢ Kept track of timekeeping responsibilities and employee time off requests when completing schedules.

* Provided support during new employee interviews and orientations.

Human Resource Coordinator, 04/2021 - 10/2021
Midwestern Wheels, Inc. — Rhinelander, WI
e Manage interview scheduling for in-house recruiting team: confirm availability of interviewers and interviewees, set up meetings, secure
meeting spaces.
e Performed reference checks for candidates during final interview stage.
* Create, post, and remove job ads promptly on both external and internal job board sites as needed.
* Conflict management in workplace and with staff, to keep professionalism.
e Maintain comprehensive and accurate reports on various activities such as employee training and career progression.
e Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.
e Initialized background checks for potential new hires.
e Explained human resources policies and procedures to employees.
e Answered employee questions during entrance and exit interview processes.
e Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions.
e Assisted in employee recruitment, hiring and interview processes.
¢ Helped with employee transfers and referrals.
e Attended conferences, workshops and special events to recruit qualified candidates for company.

Human Resource Intern, 08/2019 - 12/2019
Spectrum Health — Belding, MI
e Assisted VP with various projects such as identifying and recommending compensation and benefits packages needs.
¢ Completed employee evaluations reports and created addendums and recommendations based on needs of center.
e Assisted HR generalist with various HR data entry functions such as I-9 and employee electronic file creation.
e Utilized HR Jet Pay system to review active and inactive employee information.
¢ Ensured that all employees were accurately coded.
e Attended meetings with both constituents and outside partners regularly.
* Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.
* Updated internal databases with new employee information, contact details and employment forms.
¢ Organized and stored employment forms and information.

e Analyzed employment-related data and prepared reports.

Administrative Receptionist, 04/2015 - 09/2015
Hay Group — City, STATE
¢ Provided primary phone coverage (first to answer all incoming calls)
© Prepared and mailed all US/UPS/FedEx packages.
* Sorted and distributed incoming mail.
e Oversee all aspects of publication orders including inventory and maintenance of inventory.
* Oversee all administrative aspects including registrations, confirmations, certificates, badges & evaluations, preparation, and mailing of
materials to seminar sight.
e Assisted Office Manager in processing of annual conference registrations, preparation of packets, badges, and delegate materials
e Assisted staff in creating a system for responding to telephone and written requests for warehousing industry information.
e Processed payments and updated accounts to reflect balance changes.
¢ Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
¢ Delivered administrative support to team members by making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging schedules.
e Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.
* Scheduled and confirmed appointments and meetings for management team.
* Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
e Handled conference room scheduling, collaborating with meeting organizers on logistics and catering.
e Greeted customers, answered general questions and directed to appropriate locations.
e Answered multi-line telephone with polite tone of voice to provide general information and answer inquiries.
* Operated telephone switchboard to answer, screen and forward calls to appropriate personnel.

Administrative Assistant/ Receptionist, 03/2014 - 03/2015
HUB International, Insurance — City, STATE
e Answered general phone inquiries using professional and courteous manner.
e Directed phone inquiries to appropriate staff members.
e Greeted clients/suppliers/visitors to organization in professional and friendly manner.
¢ Used computer word processing, spreadsheet, and database software to prepare reports, memos, and documents.
¢ Purchased, received, and stored office supplies ensuring that basic supplies are always available.
e Updated and ensured accuracy of organization's databases.
e Provided secretarial and office management support while building cooperative working relationships.
¢ Scheduled appointments, meetings and events for management staff.
* Coordinated appointments, meetings and conferences.
e Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel.
¢ Pleasantly welcomed visitors, answered phone calls and maintained front reception desk.
e Handled incoming calls and directed callers to appropriate department or employee.
¢ Kept office equipment functional and supplies well-stocked to promote efficient operations.
¢ Sorted and distributed incoming faxes, letters and emails for office distribution.

e Used voice recorder or notepad to compose and transcribe meeting minutes.

Administrative /Receptionist, 12/2010 - 02/2014
Cozen O’Connor — City, STATE
e Updated seating charts, workstation signs, and assisting with key assignments.
* Monitored and replenished copier/printer paper, as needed.
e Assisted with Outlook calendar maintenance and scheduling of meeting rooms.
¢ Performed other administrative duties as assigned.
e Provided support with copier’printer issues.
e Maintained continuity within diverse office environment by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs.
e Maintaining mailroom area ensuring area is stocked, organized, clean and neat.
e Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.
e Served visitors by greeting, welcoming and directing to appropriate personnel.
© Delivered administrative support to team members by making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging schedules.
e Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.
e Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master of Science: HR/Organizational Development and Leadership. 12/2020
Saint Joseph University - Philadelphia, PA

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration, Human Resource Management, 05/2010
American InterContinental University - Hoffman Estates, IL

Business Office Operations Certification: 10/2007
DPT Business School - Philadelphia, PA