JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of

driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
e Recruiting e Scheduling
« Recordkeeping e New Hire Orientation
¢ Employee Relations e HR Policies
¢ Training Materials e Candidate Sourcing
e Employee Recruitment ¢ Preparing Presentations
e Applicant Tracking System e Administrative support
¢ Maintaining Files e Effective Planning

« Sorting and labeling

© Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Power point, 10-Key, Great

¢ Team Player Plains, and, KRONOS
* Office administration ¢ Computer literacy
e File and records management e Staff education and training
¢ Organizational Development ¢ Pre-Employment Screening
Work History
09/2019 to Current Human Resources Recruiter

Acrt, Inc. — New York, NY

© Guided candidate recruitment and selection to create and drive workforce in alignment with company diversity and
inclusion goals.

e Leveraged social media platforms and online job boards to advertise open positions and engage with potential
candidates.

e Maintained thorough understanding and knowledge of hiring practices, recruitment strategies and staffing industry
trends.

e Oversaw and managed on-boarding processes and programs to successfully integrate new, transferred and
promoted employees.

e Conducted candidate interviews and performed background checks and verification.

e Recruited talented, diverse and qualified candidates for employment.

e Leveraged creative sourcing techniques to find passive candidates and screened resumes and interviewed qualified
individuals.

¢ Created internal posting and advertisements while overseeing employment website.

¢ Conducted 4 recruiting events per year to grow passive talent pipeline to prepare for future hiring needs.

© Helped set up medical, dental and life insurance benefits to facilitate employee on-boarding process.

e Worked alongside global business leader to deploy new training strategies.

e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.

® Completed human resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees.

e Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence.

¢ Improved organizational filing systems for confidential employee records, resulting in improved accessibility and
efficiency.

¢ Completed unemployment hearings and file unemployment claims for TWC.

¢ Completed the HRIS wage determination spreadsheet.

01/2018 to 06/2019 Human Resources File Clerk

Fox Rothschild — San Francisco, CA

© Managed employee exit interviews and paperwork.

¢ Verified and investigated employment claims and data.

e Prepared monthly, weekly and daily logs using Microsoft Office Suite.

e Organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires.

e Tracked various statistics and kept detailed records to support human resources department.

¢ Converted employee status from temporary to permanent.

e Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

¢ Prepared monthly termination lists to be added to permanent records.

e Performed various administrative functions, including filing paperwork,

e Assisted with on-boarding process of countless new hires.

e Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Assisted with meetings and presentations within company.

¢ Maximized team knowledge and productivity by effectively training, monitoring and directing employees in
application of best practices and regulatory protocols.

¢ Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence.

e Worked alongside global business leader to deploy new training strategies.

© Collected and analyzed information to monitor compliance outcomes and identify and address trends of non-
compliant behavior.

e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.

e Assisted senior management with making key decisions by developing and submitting performance and
compensation reports with status updates and improvement recommendations.

e Improved organizational filing systems for confidential employee records, resulting in improved accessibility and
efficiency.

e Oversaw all HR needs for 800 plus-employee operation across 17 locations.

e Assist HR Manager with unemployment hearings with TWC

e Process employment verification an

e Completed all new hire paperwork, 1-9, E-verify, OAG, backgrounds, and drug screens

e Recruited and screened qualified potential employees.

02/2016 to 12/2017 Receptionist

Granite County Medical Center — Philipsburg, MT

¢ Directed incoming calls to internal personnel and departments, routing to best-qualified department.

e Managed office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.

e Answered incoming calls on high-volume, multi-line phone switchboard and pleasantly transferred callers to
appropriate personnel.

e Resolved customer problems and complaints by ensuring calls were directed to the correct managers.

¢ Welcomed all customers with friendly greeting, answered general questions, gathered nature of visit and directed to
specific offices.

e Kept reception area clean and neat to give visitors positive first impression.

e Supported various administrative duties by proofreading, transcribing and invoicing.

e Kept records in Great Plains to maintain current data by entering and updating information.

¢ Monitored premises, screened visitors, updated logs and issued passes to maintain security.

¢ Provided clerical support to various company employees by copying, faxing and filing documents.

e Wrote professional business documents, such as internal memos.

e Collected, sorted, distributed and sent mail and packages.

e Assisted the Human Resources Department with employment verifications, filing, creating new and terminated
employee files.

01/2014 to 02/2016 Receptionist

EpucaTIon

05/2005

Granite County Medical Center — Philipsburg, MT
e Directed incoming calls to internal personnel and departments, routing to best-qualified department.
e Maintained financial accuracy by collecting deposits, fees and payments.
e Greeted and verified insurance information before directing guests to appropriate areas or answering questions.
¢ Filed customer insurance files

High School Diploma
W.B. Ray High School - Corpus Christi, TX

Associates in Business Adminstration: Human Resources

Del Mar College - Corpus Christi, TX
¢ Currently in process of completing my Associates in Business Administration with my major in Human Resources.
¢ Member of The Society og Collegiate Leadership & Achievement
¢ Honor's List for the Fall 2019 semester