JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly efficient Human Resources Administrative Assistant offering 3 years of performance in fast-paced and challenging administrative
environments. Resourceful team player focused on developing efficient processes using knowledge of HR administration, recruiting and
employee records management. Adaptable and strategic with strong proficiency in Microsoft Office, Dayforce and SAP. Maintained excellent
written and oral communication skills. and a high level of confidentiality.

SKILLS
e Administrative skills e Team building
e Planning and organization e Personnel recruitment
« Accounts payable and receivable e Employee relations
e Understanding of HR policies ¢ Confidential document control
¢ Working collaboratively e Staff training and development
EXPERIENCE

02/2020 to Current Human Resources Administrative Assistant
Chrysalis — Cedar City, UT

¢ Performed full cycle recruiting: posting new jobs internally and externally, screening resumes/applications,
scheduled phone and virtual interviews, creating offer letters and sending onboarding documents.

e Brainstormed with other human resource personnel to determine ways to recruit top talent.

¢ Worked with staffing agencies to recruit for temporary candidates.

© Monitored the pre-employment process of multiple requisitions: input background checks and schedule pre-
employment physical appointments.

e Managed all human resource documentation, including new hire letters, employee contracts and corporate policies
and procedures.

© Developed and facilitated new-hire orientations and corporate policy trainings.

e Finalized onboarding documentation & issues ID Badges

e Oversaw the benefits enrollment process by answering questions and assisting employees with login details.

¢ Employee Relations: Handled employee conflicts, conducted investigations, drafted summaries and devised
recommendations for HR Manager.

e Administered and guided COVID tests for new hires and current employees.

¢ Completed the proper documentation (e.g. Pre-Employment Checklist, Company Property Request, and Employee
Change Notices) for HR Analyst to update or create employee's profile.

e Initiate and acknowledge Separation Forms for Payroll to adequately process any outstanding payments.

¢ Collaborated with Payroll in printing checks and completing termination packages.

e Assisted with translations of handbooks, presentations, files, and flyers.

e Attended Biweekly HR staff meetings.

¢ Managed and oversee workers compensation claims. Track information and arrange any Temporary Alternate Duty
to meet the needs of employees.

e Provided assistance with any day-to-day employee questions or concerns.

12/2017 to 03/2019 Human Resources Representative
Altec — Midland, TX
e Welcomed new employees to the company.
¢ Complete Onboarding process to new employees.
¢ Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
« Run new employees through E-Verify.
e Complete Offboarding process & exit interviews to employees leaving the company ..
© Creating job descriptions for every job position in the company.
¢ Posting job ads and organizing resumes and job applications.
e Help employees understand their benefits and get them enrolled in health insurance.
e Served as a point of contact to benefit vendors/admuinistrators.
e Handled employee information by entering and updating employment status.
e Troubleshot identified HR problems and implemented corrective actions to prevent recurrence.
e Kept all kind of employee information confidential.
e Prepare payroll semimonthly by collecting time and attendance record.
e Kept track of all sick time and vacation time in the system.
e Distribute checks to employees on pay day.
¢ Held monthly meetings with CEO of the company and go over any pending projects.
e Implemented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize
productivity and unite workforce.
¢ Help complete and review handbook.
¢ Completed workers compensation documents when needed
¢ Organize company events and order office supplies
¢ Downloaded any type of report needed for reconciliation and audits

03/2017 to 03/2019 Accounting Assistant
Heico Corp. — Mount Juliet, TN
¢ Complete any accounts receivable and accounts payable task.
e Enter and pay all invoices on time before discount due date or actual due date.
© Send invoices every day to customers.
e Managing day-to-day transactions.
¢ Create proforma invoices to overseas customers.
© Do collection calls every day to maintain high cash flow Sorting mail and financial documents.
e¢ Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate timely payments and reduce outstanding accounts receivable.
© Deposit checks through machine and Canadian checks through the branch.
e Maintain high level of customer service when answering and forwarding phone calls.
¢ Handling communications with customers and vendors via email and phone.
e Scan, file, and log all accounting files and documents.
e Enter all wire transfers in the system.
e Research and resolve discrepancies in timely manner
e Answer emails everyday and forward any Purchase Orders to the correct department.
e Complete credit card transactions as a form of payment.
© Update any client or vendor data in the system.
e Assist different department on any needs necessary.
e Complete credit card reconciliation.
e Do any purchase necessary for the company.
e Prepare routine reports and summaries.
e Evaluated collection reports to determine collections status and outstanding balance amounts.
e Assist with preparation of financial reports and audits.
e Manage a variety of priorities while meeting deadlines.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
05/2017 Bachelor of Science: Business Administration
California State University - Turlock, CA
06/2011 High School Diploma
Orestimba High School - Newman, CA
CERTIFICATIONS

Seal of Multilingual Proficiency