JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Results-driven Human Resources Business Partner skillful in strategic planning. policy integration and performance improvements. Always

pursuing ways to maximize efficiency, employee satisfaction and proficient cost savings.

SKILLS

e Human Resources

e Employee Relations

¢ Project Management e Advanced Problem Solving
« Data Analysis e Verbal And Written Communication
¢ Staff Management e Ability To Effectively Communicate
« Budgeting © Microsoft Office/Google Suite
¢ Performance Management

Work History

08/2020 to Current Human Resources Business Partner

10/2018 to 08/2020

12/2017 to 10/2018

Shockwave Medical — Miami, FL

e Investigated and liaised with legal department to respond to complaints of harassment, discrimination, employee
grievances and other sensitive issues and prepared position statements for EEOC.

¢ Identified HR training needs and conducted training for employees and leadership while recommending approaches
to effect continual improvements in business objectives, productivity and within company to reach business goals.

© Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available
information for new training processes.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for over
2,000 new employees.

e Directed and controlled various benefit programs. including 401K, medical, dental and vision packages.

¢ Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.

e Developed succession plans and promotion paths for all staff.

e Reviewed applicant qualifications and assisted management and recruiting with hiring needs and determining
compensation and total package.

¢ Promoted and enabled necessary changes to align operations with strategic plans.

¢ Resolved understaffing issues, disputes, employee terminations and disciplinary procedures.

e Streamlined complaint response management by providing guidance on policies and ensuring appropriate and
accurate investigation processes.

e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal
entanglements.

¢ Instructed senior leaders on appropriate employee corrective steps.

Human Resources Assistant
Casa Systems — Paris. TX

e Performed various administrative functions, including filing paperwork, delivering mail, sorting mail, office
cleaning and bookkeeping.

e Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Administered compensation, benefits and performance management systems and safety and recreation programs.

e Prepared monthly termination lists to be added to permanent records.

¢ Improved productivity initiatives while coordinating itineraries and scheduling appointments.

e Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

e Prepared monthly, weekly and daily logs using Microsoft Office Suite.

e Converted employee status from temporary to permanent.

e Set up orientations and initial training for new employees.

¢ Processed documentation for employee actions such as new hires, grievance resolutions and terminations.

e Assigned work activities for staff related to employment, compensation, labor relations and employee relations.

© Helped employees register for benefits programs using online portals.

¢ Compiled employee records from individual departments to maintain central files.

Manager
Marten Transport — San Juan Capistrano, CA

e Responsible for service account management in a set of assigned accounts.

¢ Builds and maintains an active professional network in order to facilitate communications and information transfer.

¢ Develop and lead quarterly business reviews to upper management.

e These reviews include, SR history, outstanding service requests, contract status, site information updates,
connectivity status, microcode levels, technical advisories, planning and coordination of resources, and planned
activities.

e Analyzing the data and providing detailed recommendations based on the data presented.

¢ Responsible for managing all complex service matters, including open SRs with a high importance on Sev Is s to
ensure that the correct business units are assigned and responding in a timely manner.

e Responsible for ensuring that the value-add of the program and their service is communicated and accepted by
customers, assuring the customer renews annually.

e Manage multiple work streams and tasks daily, prioritizing and aligning to customer needs.

e Work in a highly matrixed environment and develop relationships across DELL EMC to provide the best possible
customer experience.

¢ Demonstrated strong leadership during crisis situations.

e Knowledge of data center operations and storage technology foundations desired.

e Remotely provided a holistic approach to account management services team, maintenance/recovery support,
escalation management and problem resolution for a designated portfolio of customers.

08/2011 to 12/2017 Supervisor

EDUCATION

12/2020

12/2019

12/2017

David J Joseph — Indianapolis, IN

e Directly organize and supervise day-to-day operations and activities within my team in order to achieve key
performance goals.

e This includes ensuring customer transactions are addressed in a timely and accurate manner; monitoring associate
productivity and service levels for quality; efficient allocation of resources; managing daily phone/chat coverage,
schedule adherence and attendance and managing change.

¢ Support the building and developing of an effective and high performance team.

¢ Providing hands on daily coaching in order to improve and maintain team performance and directly responsible for
performance management process (evaluations, mentoring, corrective action, hiring) for direct reports.

e Maintaining daily and weekly statistics for individual direct reports, analyze department results, troubleshoots
operational problems and completes team reports as required.

e Identify and analyze escalated problems and provide guidance to direct reports for resolution.

¢ Collaborating with contact center managers to identify operational improvements, identify opportunities for contact
center efficiency and inter-departmental partnerships.

e Serves as point of escalation for transactions requiring advance expertise or discernment in order to resolve
complex customer issues and ensure timely follow up and customer satisfaction.

e Answers front line customer inquiries as needed during peak or critical times.

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration w/Emphasis, Human Resources
Weber State University - Ogden, UT

Associate of Science: Business & Economics
Weber State University - Ogden, UT

Associate of Science: General Studies
Weber State University - Ogden, UT