JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

SIGNATURE QUALIFICATIONS Strategy Development | Organizational Development |Talent Acquisition and Management [Employee
Relations Workforce Planning and Management |Performance Management Process Improvement | Payroll/Benefits Administration

SKILLS

« ADP e Payroll

¢ Benefits ¢ Policies

« Billing e Processes

« Coaching ¢ Protocols

e Customer relations e Recruiting

© Delivery e Recruitment

« Employee relations e Reporting

e Forms e RFP

e HRIS © Safety

« Human Resources e Spanish

« Human resource © Staffing

e HR e Strategy

e Insurance ® Strategic

¢ Leadership e Tax

© Office e Phone

e Negotiations ® Vendor relations

« Employee Relations e Performance Management

¢ Onboarding e Employee Engagement

e Staff Management e Talent Management
Work History

09/2018 to Current Human Resources Business Partner
Maersk — Columbus, OH

¢ Provides strategic human resources leadership and support to a staff of 255 employees.

e Established HR as a strategic partner to the business, ensuring alignment of human resource initiatives with
corporate goals and strategies.

e Advises, counsels, and trains managers regarding employee relations, ensuring consistency and internal/external
compliance when determining disciplinary actions and performance improvement plans.

e Implemented and maintains Affirmative Action Plan for the division.

© Collaborated with a local college to establish a no-cost training plan with $140,000 worth of job-related courses for
all staff members.

e Manages payroll and benefit administration; performs reconciliations, administers garnishments, audits, updates tax
notices, and completes VEVRAA filings.

Manages the Workers’ Compensation and accident management program: documents injuries and investigates,
determines necessary trainings and communicates with insurance carrier as well as corporate regarding status of
claims.

© Utilizes ADP Workforce NOW for payroll and employee records maintenance.

« Accomplishments:.

¢ Implemented strategic recruiting strategies (LinkedIn, college resources, job fairs) to optimize retention and reduce
turnover by 20%.

e Reduced use of staffing agencies by 90%: provided training to managers in the areas of interviews, candidate
evaluations and skills assessments as well as improved the onboarding process.

09/2015 to 09/2018 Human Resources and Payroll Administrator
Delta Solutions And Strategies — Minot, ND

© Managed the human resources program and related strategic initiatives for a staff of 48 and one direct report.

e Created, implemented, and provided training on policies and procedures consistent with industry best practices;
new policies included attendance, cell phone, background checks/FFRCA notifications and drug testing.

e Administered benefit plans through broker and vendor relations; negotiated annual renewal rates and changes,
conducted open-enrollment and provided various forms of communication to staff (including interpreters for
Spanish speakers) regarding changes.

e Administered payroll in compliance with Davis-Bacon, mandated reporting as well VEVRAA filings.

© Managed all employee relations activities, ensured disciplinary processes and terminations were handled
consistently and in accordance with company policies and procedures.

e Served as Safety Manager for construction worksites; maintained OSHA records/communication and provided
safety trainings.

e Handled all Workers’ Compensation claims and accident management; collaborated with the insurance carrier in
management of the claims.

© Managed workforce development and management plans: ensured alignment with company strategic initiatives and
employee needs.

¢ Accomplishments:.

Managed the RFP, selection, testing and implementation of a new HRIS program. Simple HR: consolidated
processes and employee-related information.

e Improved talent acquisition and retention strategies through use of electronic jobs postings, career fairs, and referral
bonuses.

e Prepared all human resource documentation, including new hire letters, employee contracts and corporate policies.

e Answered employee inquiries regarding health benefits and 401k options.

e Managed benefits enrollment by answering questions and aiding employees with login details.

e Organized company-wide events designed to boost employee morale.

01/2007 to 01/2015 Human Resources and Payroll Director
Bethany Medical Center — City, STATE

¢ Provided leadership of human resource activities for 265 employees and one direct report.

e Ensured alignment of talent management programs with company strategy through trainings. employee
engagement activities, and leadership buy-in.

¢ Provided advice, counsel, and training to management in all areas of employee relations; improved management
abilities to handle disciplinary issues as needed.

¢ Performed full-cycle recruitment and talent acquisition through use of ATS, online job postings, career fairs and
internships as well as managed the 90-day onboarding program.

e Created and implemented policies and procedures; consolidated manuals for multiple sites into one; policies
created included attendance, social media, technology, drug testing, and background checks.

e Administered the benefits program including RFP process, rate negotiations. broker communications, mandated
reporting and enrollments.

¢ Payroll administration included bonus processing, 401k compliance/reporting, multiple payroll-cycles based on
department, and contractor payments.

e Partnered with management in the development and delivery of training initiatives and usage of HRIS and
Electronic Medical Records (EMR) systems.

e Accomplishments:.

e Completed the RFP, selection, testing, training and data consolidation processes for two HRIS implementations;
significantly reduced cost while ensuring service continuity and meeting the needs of staff.

11/2005 to 09/2007 Office Manager & Billing Specialist
Cranbrook Primary Care — City, STATE

EpucatTIon

© Managed a medical staff team of seven staff members.

e Administration of patient billing and insurance communications.

e Create and implemented office procedures and policies including safety protocols and procedures, billing
procedures for all patients and improved definition of processes.

e Managed the performance and employee engagement programs for all staff: provided off-site activities for
employees/families, as well as provided training and educational volunteer opportunities.

¢ Provided coaching to management and staff in the areas of performance and customer relations.

Master of Science: Human Resources Management
Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration With HR Concentration
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH

AFFILIATIONS

Member — Society of Human Resources Management (SHRM) Member — Winston Salem Chapter of Society of Human Resources
Management (WSSHRM)