JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly-qualified Human Resources leader specializing in driving company growth and productivity by sourcing best talent and establishing
effective, modern workforce policies. Key member of executive leadership team with outstanding record of operational improvement through
workforce planning and development. Developer of high-value, cost-effective employee benefit options.

SKILLS

e Staff compensation ¢ Troubleshooting
e Payroll administration ¢ Computer skills
¢ Benefits programs © Work ethic
¢ Compliance © Multitasking
* Recruitment and hiring ® Organization
¢ Employee engagement e Team building

EXPERIENCE

Human Resources, 08/2018 - Current
Universal Forest Products, Inc. — Dodgeville, WI

* Strengthened and enhanced processes for managing complaints by leading thorough investigations into incidents and concems.

¢ Scheduled random drug testing for employees to diminish regularity risks.

¢ Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps, including onboarding, orientation and
benefits.

e Executed strong negotiation skills to see both sides and worked to reach agreements to satisfy both parties.

¢ Improved operational efficiencies by creating filing systems to maintain confidential employee documents and reports.

¢ Facilitated strategies planning through effective partnerships with leaders.

¢ Performed sensitive and confidential investigations into accidents reported on OSHA log within the workplace, detailing all incidents in
reports for submission to OSHA.

e Fostered culture of flexibility and acceptance by maintaining open communication with personnel, factoring team perspectives into new
strategies.

e Advised leadership on HR-related issues, including vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment discrepancies.

¢ Reduced accidents in workplace by implementing safety policies and procedures.

¢ Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected best applicants.

e Provided HR consultation services to leadership and department heads, such as payroll administration, 401K and OSHA compliance,
benefits and workers compensation.

e Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process, generating daily human resources reports on metrics and policies to

recommend corrective actions and improvements.

Accounting Specialist, 08/2018 - Current
Alarm.Com — Chicago, IL
e Prepared weekly payroll for hourly employees.
* Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
e Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.
e Assessed data and information to check entries, calculations and billing codes for accuracy.
e¢ Administered weekly payroll to ensure accurate and timely employee compensation.
¢ Managed employee benefits and allowances
¢ Reconciled all expenses and accounts, including company credit cards and expense accounts.
e Prepared payroll reports and examined payroll register to detect errors and improve accounting accuracy.
¢ Coordinated timely payments from vendors, clients and account holders.
e Monitored accounts payable and receivable statuses and delegated related tasks.
¢ Resolved vendor and employee inquiries about invoices and purchases quickly through research.
* Prepared monthly commission reports commissions.
e Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking reconciliation and disbursements.
e Tracked employee time and attendance for payroll.
e Reconciled operations database with accounting system information to calculate and determine monthly revenue.
¢ Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate timely payments and reduce outstanding accounts receivable.
* Verified items billed against items received and followed-up with vendors and employees to reconcile variances.
e Reviewed general ledger entries for accuracy and completeness.
* Posted financial data in Excel spreadsheets and managed inventory.

¢ Communicated with Corporate Controller about discrepancies and devised plans to reconcile financial issues.

Human Resources Assistant, 06/2015 - 07/2018
Core Comprehensive Occupational Resources — Beaumont, TX
¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.
* Scheduled appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel issues.
¢ Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.
e Liaised with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.
e Guided new hires through orientation and on-boarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR process.
¢ Reviewed and processed payroll-related actions to drive data accuracy and comply with company policy and federal and state regulations.
* Developed job postings, recruited candidates and scheduled interviews to fill vacant positions.
e Assisted with employee termination process to drive consistency and reduce discrimination claims.
* Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.
e Examined employee files to answer inquiries for assistance with personnel actions.
* Processed business and identification cards, bank accounts and reference and medical checks to streamline hiring protocol.
¢ Filed documents, delivered mail and performed bookkeeping to facilitate office operations of HR department.
* Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork.
© Verified previous employers and other references to determine applicants’ employment acceptability.
* Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

Business Office Manager, 05/2001 - 11/2014
Legacy Health Services — Lyndhurst, OH
* Monitored office inventory to maintain adequate supply levels and order products.
e Managed and controlled office supply inventory to secure timely ordering or requisition of depleted or low-level stock.
e Monitored daily operations and implemented changes to ensure highest quality of building material for each client.
e Monitored financial bookkeeping for accuracy and compliance, resolving identified discrepancies.
* Coordinated office activities and operations to secure efficiency and compliance with company policies.
* Defined and documented office procedures, using updated SOPs to provide thorough and comprehensive training for all administrative
support staff.
e Improved operational efficiencies, managing work requests, new orders, pricing and changes while coordinating logistics to verify delivery
dates.
e Liaised with customers, addressed inquiries, handled meeting requests and answer billing questions to provide outstanding customer care.
e Handled supply purchases and inventory management for office operations and equipment maintenance.
e Automated office operations to manage client correspondence, record tracking and data communications.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma: 05/1991
Hibriten High School - Lenoir, NC

N/A
I have had some workshops and training in Human Resources.