JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and
problem-solving skills.

SKILLS
¢ Human Resource Information System HRIS e ADP Workforce Now
« Compensation and Benefits Administration e Paychex
« Regulatory Compliance e Corrective Action Planning
¢ Unemployment Claims ¢ Human Resources Department Processes
e Payroll Processing * Strong attention to detail
e Data and Trends Analysis e Recruiting and Interviewing
Work History

02/2021 to Current Human Resources
Brown Harris Stevens Residential Management, Llc — New York, NY

e Liaised between CEO and Administrator to improve communications.

e Devised hiring and recruitment policies for 200+ employee company.

e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for 200+
employees.

¢ Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available
information for new training processes.

¢ Worked with managers to achieve compliance with organizational policies, providing clarifying information and
recommending necessary changes.

e Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate investigation actions
and reach resolution of grievances.

e Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview processes to
identify qualified candidates.

e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal
entanglements.

e Adhered to federal and state guidelines and managed payroll and benefits for all employees.

e Provided resolution to complex and confidential issues.

¢ Handel all workers compensation claims.

¢ Handel all unemployment claims.

e Handel short term and long term disability claims.

e FMLA

e EEO-1 Reporting

* BLS Reports

12/2018 to 01/2021 Human Resources Assistant
Greenwood Star Lic — Atlanta. GA

e Filed paperwork, sorted and delivered mail, and maintained office organization.

e Administered compensation, benefits and performance management systems and safety and recreation programs.

© Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.

e Prepared monthly, weekly and daily logs using Microsoft Office Suite.

e Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

¢ Organized new employee orientation schedules for new hires.

e Created and completed personnel action forms for hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

© Posted positions through approved recruitment channels.

e Assigned work activities for staff related to employment, compensation, labor relations and employee relations.

¢ Processed documentation for employee actions such as new hires, grievance resolutions and terminations.

e Represented human resource at personnel-related hearings, investigations and meetings and provided information
to assist legal defense for EEOC, employment claims and lawsuits.

¢ Selected medical, dental, short and long-term disability, life insurance and workers compensation programs for
employees.

e Assisted with on-boarding process of 100+ new hires

08/2012 to 11/2017 Salon Manager
Cost Cutters Hair Salon — Holland, MI

e Scheduled employees to maintain adequate coverage during business hours.

¢ Provided staff coaching, mentoring and consultation to enhance performance and professional development.

e Managed cash flow, business transactions, banking and accounting processes.

¢ Maximized business efficiency by completing thorough and accurate daily management tasks such as overseeing
registers, organizing inventory and delegating tasks.

e Grew customer numbers and boosted loyalty with strategic engagement and marketing strategies.

e Oversaw salon employee performance, facility cleanliness and sales.

e Cut, colored, and styled hair for both male and female customers of all ages according to individual preferences
and latest styles.

e Grew repeat client base by 50% through effective marketing and customer service

08/2010 to 08/2012 Cosmetologist
Mcmenamins — Tigard, OR

e Spoke with clients regarding health history, expectations, services and procedures for safety and customer
satisfaction.

e Grew sales with great work ethic, individualized beauty care plans and positive attitude.

e Kept work areas. tools and equipment clean and properly sanitized to minimize disease transfer and health risk of
shared environment.

e Attended regular training and workshops to maintain cosmetology license and stay current on technique and skills.

e Offered professional cuts, color services and extensions to salon customers.

e Maintained high number of return customers through precise cutting, coloring and styling of clients’ hair.

¢ Built strong and lasting rapport with clients through consistent delivery of requested services and exceptional
results.

e Expanded client base by 60% through direct referrals

EDucaATION
05/2010 High School Diploma

Woodland High School - Dorchester, SC
AFFILIATIONS

Society for Human Resource Management