JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Discerning Human Resources Manager with over 7 years of experience promoting productive communication and coordination across
organizations. Specializing in Payroll, Benefits Management, Training and Development, and Employee Retention.

Knowledgeable in Medical and Manufacturing industry compliance.

SKILLS
* Compensation and benefits ¢ Benefits and Compensation Management
e Succession planning e Training and Development
e Payroll coordination ¢ Conflict Resolution
e Labor negotiations e Team Building
e Personnel Recruitment e Training programs
Work HIsToRY

Human Resources Manager, 10/1/17 - Current
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. — Breinigsville, PA
¢ Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.
e Addressed employee conflicts with appropriate urgency, following all corporate procedures.
¢ Monitored and handled employee claims involving performance-based and harassment incidents.
« Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational standards.
¢ Monitored administration of benefits program to maintain compliance with employee insurance program.
* Created user-friendly employee handbook that was much easier to update and maintain than prior manual.
e Oversaw workers' compensation program for employees injured on job.
e Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees and distributed all paperwork.
© Provided immediate updates to entire employee pool when policies and procedures were altered.
e Answered employee inquiries regarding health benefits and 401k options.

Human Resources Manager, 8/13/14 - 08/2017
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. — Coon Rapids, MN
* Monitored and handled employee claims involving performance-based and harassment incidents.
e Motivated employees through special events, incentive programs and constructive feedback.
¢ Devised hiring and recruitment policies for 110-employee company.
e Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for new employees.
e Directed job fairs to bring in local talent for long term and seasonal positions.
* Conducted company-wide town hall meetings to convey updates.
¢ Organized and led staff orientation programs and training to promote collaboration.
e Maintained company compliance with local, state and federal laws, in addition to established organizational standards.
e Initiated and maintained workers compensation cases for tracking, reporting and legal mechanics.
¢ Facilitated onboarding sessions and on-the-job training for new hires, bolstering employee job position knowledge and skillset.
* Created and implemented forward-thinking initiatives to improve employee engagement.
e Directed onboarding and training for over 30 new employees each year, keeping company operations smooth and production efficient with
skilled candidates.
¢ Provided guidance on policies and procedures to harmonize responses, provide appropriate investigation actions and reach resolution of
grievances.
e Structured compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.
* Collaborated with cross-functional departments to create, manage and maintain time and payrol! reporting.
e Enhanced team workflows and employee job satisfaction by coordinating communication between managers and employees.
e Forecasted expected personnel demands and developed forward-thinking approaches to achieve objectives.
e Adhered to all federal and state guidelines and managed payroll and benefits for over 110 employees.
« Managed random monthly drug testing for employees.
e Educated management on successful policy implementation and enforcement actions to prevent employee legal entanglements.

¢ Implemented new-hire program by incorporating training initiatives while resolving problems and processing related documents.

Senior Collections Specialist, 08/2005 - 03/2013
Blueground — Chicago, IL
e Team Leader for Bank Collections
* Counseled debtors on payment options and arranged installment agreements.
e Trained new team members on scripts, company services and collection strategies.
¢ Used skip tracing and other techniques to locate debtors.
e Handled 300 outbound and inbound calls daily with goal of collecting owed debt.
* Negotiated to collect balance in full.
e Maintained high volume of calls and met demands of busy and productive group.
e Achieved monthly goals of $25,000 through effective use of skiptracing and talk-offskills.
© Delivered exceptional customer service on collection calls and maintained calm and professional demeanor.
© Worked in call center environment handling manual and automatically dialed outbound calls.
e Achieved performance goals on consistent basis.

EDUCATION

No Degree: Adult Learning And Education
Buffalo State College - Buffalo, NY

Bachelor of Arts: Communications, 05/1993

State University of New York @ Geneseo - Geneseo, NY
e Relevant Coursework Completed: Organizational Communications & Journalism
e Member of Minority Student Union, Black Student Union
e Elected to Secretary for Student Services in 1989-1991