SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Capable Counselor ready to offer knowledge and abilities to challenging role in Substance Abuse. Familiar with helping people of different
ability levels enjoy recreation and enhance wellness. Safety-oriented and observant with basic First Aid and CPR training. Currently
examining myself to get licensed to be able to perform at full capacity in the job.

SKILLS

¢ Personnel records maintenance e Diagnostic ability

¢ Word processing
¢ Active listening

* Crisis intervention
e Family therapy background

¢ Administrative skills e Successful private practice

¢ Personnel engagement e Treatment planning

e Group activity implementation ¢ Mental health support

« Accurate recordkeeping e Adolescent Development

« Positive relationships e Family therapy aptitude

« Safety guidelines e Missions Mobilization

¢ Behavioral assessment © Mood disorders specialist

¢ Check in and checkout procedures e Therapeutic expertise

« Campsite cleanup * Suicide precautions expertise

« Interpersonal and written communication e Practiced in family assessments
EXPERIENCE
03/2017 to Current Human Resources Assistant

Casa Systems — Lawrence, MA

¢ Set up appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel incidents.

e Worked with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.

¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.

e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.

e Filed documents, delivered mail and performed bookkeeping to facilitate office operations of HR department.

© Developed job postings, recruited candidates and scheduled interviews to fill vacant positions.

e Reconciled payroll accounts to keep accurate accounting records for tax filing and measuring financial health.

e Assisted in employee termination procedures to facilitate consistency and reduce chance of discrimination claim.
e Provided Human Resources Director with monthly, quarterly and weekly reports to track mandatory requirements.

11/2016 to 01/2017 Store Associate

Burlington Stores Inc — Swanton, OH

e Restocked shelves, racks and bins with latest merchandise and changed signage to promote special items.

¢ Kept calm and applied strong problem-solving and interpersonal skills to resolve conflicts.

e Bagged, wrapped and packaged purchases according to customer needs.

e Answered questions about current promotions and resolved issues according to store policies.

¢ Counted cash, made change and stored coupons to keep organized and balanced cash register drawer.

e Maintained current store, product and promotional knowledge to drive consistent sales.

e Assessed assigned areas and displays to maintain presentable condition, restocking and reorganizing merchandise
as needed.

e Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.

* Monitored sales floor to identify customers in need of assistance and merchandise in need of replenishment.

08/2014 to 05/2016 Counselor-in-Training

National Audubon Society — Unavailable, FL

¢ Delivered seamless care, minimizing misuse and diversion through close collaboration with peers.

e Assisted clients with identifying feelings and behaviors by asking open-ended questions.

e Accurately documented all observations, interventions, and concerns in patient charts and electronic systems,
sustaining continuum of care from admission through to discharge.

e Taught clients anger management techniques, relaxation skills, impulse control, social skills, emotional coping
skills and functional living skills.

e Collaborated closely with treatment team to appropriately coordinate client care services.

e Explained principles, techniques and safety requirements of different activities to participants to prevent injury.

¢ Set up decorations, equipment and food service stands for various entertainment activities.

e Adjusted activity plans to better engage users of differing ability or interest levels.

¢ Cultivated effective relationships with campers, parents and other camp counselors by utilizing active listening and
dynamic interpersonal skills.

e Checked on campers struggling with various social and recreational skills to maintain camper and parent
satisfaction.

¢ Developed camp emergency procedures and shared with other counselors in preparation for serious event or injury.

e Recorded comprehensive patient histories and coordinated treatment plans with multi-disciplinary team members.

e Consulted with psychiatrists about client medication changes, issues with medicine compliance and efficacy of
medications.

© Developed appropriate policies for identification of medically-related social and emotional needs of clients.

e Consulted with and developed appropriate treatment and rehabilitation plans for dually diagnosed patients.

e Worked with parents and teachers to implement consistent behavior therapy techniques at home and school.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/2016

12/2014

Master of Science: Substance Abuse Counselor
Caribbean Central University - Bayamon, PR

Bachelor of Science: Psychology
Sacred Heart University - Santurce, PR
Combined degrees. Bachelors and Master degree