Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Human Resources Assistant with passion for performing support duties and process work within HR department. Skilled at
multitasking, handling appointments, organizing and preparing reports and logs. Follows procedures and applies HR knowledge to

accomplish tasks and duties.

Skills
¢ Hiring and Retention ¢ Human Resource Information System HRIS
¢ Personnel Records Maintenance ¢ Eligibility Requirements
e Affirmative Action Compliance * Staff Management
e Company Policies and Procedures Training e Office Administration
¢ Staffing Documentation Maintenance e Employee Surveys
¢ Work Planning and Organization ¢ Job Analysis
¢ Employee Interviews e Human Resources Standards
e Recruitment Documentation ¢ Workforce Planning
¢ Problem Solving ¢ Office Organization
e Employee Data Record Keeping ¢ Human Resources Management System HRMS
¢ Onboarding and Training e Employee Counseling and Support
¢ Problem-Solving e Daily Operations Management
¢ Critical Thinking e Assessing Performance
¢ Verbal and Written Communication e Word Processing
* Microsoft Office * New Hire Orientation
e Time Management ¢ Generating Reports
¢ Understanding of HR Policies e Performance Evaluations
¢ Administrative Skills e Explanation of Benefits
¢ Compliance Reporting e Processing Personnel Records Compilation
e Human Resources Operations ¢ I-9 Documentation
e Applicant Tracking Systems ATS e Garnishment Processing
¢ Staff Development ¢ Payroll Policies and Procedures
¢ Reporting Requirements e Time Tracking and Review
¢ Corporate Compliance e Wages and Deduction Calculation
¢ Coordinating Training Materials e Automated and Manual Check Processing
e¢ ADP Workforce Now ¢ Kronos Workforce Payroll
¢ Termination Procedures e Employment Verification
¢ Data Entry

Experience

Human Resources Assistant, 01/2022 to Current
Leidos — Hendersonville, TN
¢ Guided employees through automated self-service platform for real-time attendance tracking and queries.
¢ Posted job announcements and pre-screened applicants to candidates for available positions.
e Assisted with planning, organizing and coordinating company events.
¢ Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.
¢ Initialized background checks for potential new hires.
¢ Guided new hires through orientation and onboarding and explained documentation requirements to facilitate HR process.
¢ Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and workplace health.
¢ Created and maintained internal job descriptions and postings to accurately reflect roles.
¢ Processed, verified and maintained personnel-related documentation.
¢ Processed paperwork related to grievances, performance evaluations, classifications and employee leaves of absence.
¢ Managed weekly payroll duties and submitted data to payroll contractor.
¢ Protected payroll operations and maintained employee confidence by keeping information private.
¢ Gathered timesheets to prepare weekly payroll data for processing by payroll coordinator.
¢ Organized and maintained payroll information by entering data, deleting errors, calculating and collecting information.
* Identified, researched and resolved issues with hours worked.

e Enforced payroll-related policies, procedures and regulations to adhere to changing company and governmental standards.

Department Coordinator, 01/2018 to 01/2022
Richmond American Homes — Chambersburg, PA
e Enforced safety rules and other policies to protect employees and minimize company liability.
¢ Kept department on-target to meet sales and profit objectives by minimizing waste and pursuing revenue generation
opportunities.
¢ Grew department's team and technical capabilities with hiring and training of talented individuals.
e Consulted with managers to resolve problems relating to employee performance, office equipment and work schedules.
¢ Recruited, interviewed and selected employees to fill vacant roles.
¢ Performed opening and closing duties as part of management team and handled cash management.
¢ Cultivated talented team of departmental employees through outstanding mentoring, coaching and teaching skills.
* Modeled supportive leadership qualities, motivating staff to achieve department goals and promote staff participation and team
¢ Followed safety protocols and company processes and procedures.

¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

Market Operations Manager, 07/2015 to 01/2018
C2fo Limited — Parkville, MO
¢ Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
¢ Formed and sustained strategic relationships with clients.
¢ Monitored inventory levels and placed new orders for merchandise to keep supply well-stocked.
e Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company programs.
¢ Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.
e Appraised inventory levels on frequent basis, ordering new merchandise to keep quantities well-stocked.
¢ Used strong issue resolution and communication skills to cultivate and strengthen lasting client relationships.
¢ Coordinated and directed activities of businesses or departments concerning production, pricing and sales.
¢ Mitigated business risks by working closely with staff members and assessing performance.
e Reviewed financial statements and sales or activity reports to measure productivity or goal achievement.
¢ Structured HR consulting services to support clients during organizational developments and changes.
¢ Forecasted customer demand to set prices or credit terms for goods or services.

e Prepared staff work schedules and assigned team members to specific duties.

Customer Service Coordinator, 04/2014 to 07/2015
Bradford Soapworks — West Warwick, RI
¢ Created call sequencing flow charts to optimize center performance.
¢ Worked with sales teams to understand processes and enhance after-sales support.
¢ Developed and implemented strategies retain customers and drive loyalty.
¢ Maximized revenue by proactively building and managing key customer relationships.
¢ Established quality standards for service team members and evaluated progress.
¢ Researched resolutions, contacted necessary departments and responded to customer by phone, mail or fax as follow-up.
¢ Reconciled accounts, posted daily entries and conducted financial analysis.
¢ Consulted with customers regarding needs and addressed concerns.
¢ Interacted with customers to provide and process information in response to inquiries, concerns and requests about services and
products.
¢ Oversaw logistics for customer deliveries.
¢ Collaborated with leadership teams to evaluate previous actions and adjust procedures for handling future issues.
¢ Processed customer account changes with proprietary software.

Education and Training
Associate of Science: 04/2022

Ultimate Medical Academy - Clearwater - Clearwater, FL

Associate of Arts: 05/2017
Strayer University - Richmond, VA

High School Diploma: 06/2015
Highland Springs High School - Highland Springs, VA