JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Human Resources Manager offering over 10 years of management experience and development of high-performing teams through
recruitment, training, organizational development and evaluation of performance. Strong record of accomplishment working with senior
managers to build organization to meet performance goals. Strong background in directing hiring practices, designing pay structures,
developing employee policies, managing employee payroll and benefits and working with executive team to develop talent acquisition and

retention goals.
SKILLS
« Compliance e Training development
¢ Payroll administration ¢ Benefits programs
e Recruitment and hiring e Employee relations
EXPERIENCE

12/2017 to Current Human Resources Manager
Plexus Corp. — Buffalo Grove, IL

e Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

¢ Implemented and maintained company policies for the COVID 19 pandemic. Including scheduling testing, tracking
employees symptoms and exposure, PPE policies, and enforcing the FFCRA guidelines.

e Created and maintained employee handbooks for Arizona, Colorado, Utah, and Nevada based on current federal
and state legislation.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing all HR steps, including
onboarding. orientation, benefits and training.

¢ Created compensation and benefits structures to align with market conditions and budget demands.

¢ Managed and coordinated insurance open enrollment for all branches.

¢ Implemented and trained all employees on a new time keeping program, paycard program, and HRIS system.

e Process weekly payroll for 400 employees across 4 locations (Arizona, Nevada, Colorado, Utah).

© Certified payroll reporting with a solid understanding of fringe calculations and specific contractor requirements.
(WH347, emars, Icptracker, state specific forms).

e Bank reconciliation for payroll account.

¢ Calculated and applied wage garnishments and employee payroll deductions.

e Strong experience in weekly, quarterly, and annual tax filings for Federal, FICA, State, and Local.

e Experience in the following: Workers Compensation, OSHA logs, FMLA, 401k, W2's, 1095's. EEOC, DOL.

03/2013 to 12/2017 Office Manager
Airspace Technologies — Dallas, TX
e Increased office organization by developing filing system and customer database protocols.
¢ Oversaw day-to-day office operations, including receiving and organizing correspondence, answering and
forwarding calls and creating business letters and records.
e Managed accounts receivable invoicing and collections tasks for large contract billing.
e Service and maintenance scheduling, dispatch, client communication, invoicing and report generation.
e Generated financial reports (Work in progress, job costing, accounts receivable, purchase orders) for management
review on a weekly and monthly basis.
e Safety record keeping and reporting for onboarding and continual training. Maintained OSHA 300 logs.
¢ Submitted and monitored workers compensation claims from injury until the close of the claim.
¢ Contract review and job setup including schedule of values, budgets, requirements, insurance certificates.
e Requested and delivered manufacturer warranties to clients.
¢ Monitoring and approving time records for 50 employees.
e Assist employees with any payroll, benefit, or human resource related questions.
¢ Conducted employment verification and background investigation to facilitate hiring process.
e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.
¢ Scheduled appointments, meetings and conferences with employees to discuss and mitigate personnel issues.
e Assisted with employee termination process to drive consistency and reduce discrimination claims.
e Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.

07/2011 to 03/2013 Office Manager
Airspace Technologies — Stockholm, ME
e Handled scheduling and managed timely and effective allocation of resources and calendars.
¢ Resolved complaints and eliminated delays by collaborating with salesman and updating strategies.
e Assessed current inventories and brought in supplies to keep stock within optimal levels for expected demands.
e Arranged travel accommodations for all personnel.
e Activated newly installed customer alarm systems using safe security and monitronics.
e Set and confirmed alarm system installs for customer appointments.
© Collected payment and contract information from customers.
e Developed and maintained training materials and benefits packets for new hires.
e Prepared and submitted final pay for exiting employees to comply with federal law.
© Developed job postings, recruited candidates and scheduled interviews to fill vacant positions.
e Supported 25 employees at all levels. including executive leadership.

01/2009 to 06/2011 Accounting Assistant
Boys & Girls Clubs Of St. Lucie County — Port Saint Lucie, FL
¢ Prepared payroll reports and examined payroll register to detect errors and improve accounting accuracy.
© Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.
¢ Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate timely payments and reduce outstanding accounts receivable.
e Tracked employee time and attendance for payroll.
e Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.
© Coordinated project materials and schedules, facilitated communication and prepared reports.
e Managed all payments processing, invoicing and collections tasks related to residence owner and insurance billing.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Business Administration And Management
Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, Arizona
Currently enrolled, 2 years completed of a 4 year bachelor of science online program

CERTIFICATIONS

* OSHA 10 and 30
e PHR, Professional in Human Resources. In progress, course through HRCL exam scheduled for March, 2021