JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Seeking a position as a Human Resources professional in a corporate environment that fully utilizes my diverse Human Resources skills and
experience. Highly competent at creating recruiting initiatives to identify talented professionals. Develops and monitors overall HR strategies,

systems, tactics and procedures across organization.

SKILLS
e Performance management strategies © Policies implementation
e Staffing and recruiting professional ¢ Employment law knowledge
e Personnel engagement ¢ Employee handbook development
¢ Personnel recruitment e Performance management
e Interviewing expertise e Recruiting
e Affirmative action e Payroll and benefits administration
© Off-boarding e Project management
e HRIS applications proficient © Project Planning
e Payroll expertise © Microsoft Office Suite
* Regulatory compliance ¢ Employee relations
EXPERIENCE

Human Resources Generalist, 07/2013 - Current
Aeg Worldwide — Denver, CO

* Oversees the daily workflow of the department and reporting back to the Vice President of Human Resources.

e Bridging management and employee relations by addressing demands, grievances or other issues.

e Manages the talent acquisition process, which may include recruitment, interviewing, and hiring of qualified job applicants, particularly for
managerial, exempt, and professional roles: collaborates with departmental managers to understand skills and competencies required for
openings.

e Analyzes trends in compensation and benefits: researches and proposes competitive base and incentive pay programs to ensure the
organization attracts and retains top talent.

e Oversees employee disciplinary meetings, terminations, and investigations.

e Maintains compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, and recommended best practices: reviews policies
and practices to maintain compliance.

¢ Develop and monitor overall HR strategies, systems, tactics and procedures across the organization.

* Oversee and manage a performance appraisal system that drives high performance.

* Report to management and provide decision support through HR metrics.

* Conducting new employee orientations and participate in administrative staff meetings.

e Maintaining/auditing more than 160+employees’ personnel files in accordance to department requirements.

e Work closely with Senior Financial Analyst for budgets and grants.

HR Administrative Assistant, 05/2012 - 10/2012
Atlantis Casino Resort Spa — Reno, NV
e Answer departmental phone calls.
* Distribute correspondence from the departmental in-box and faxes periodically through out the day.
e Prepare letters, memos, and reports upon request.
¢ Call and schedule appointments for interviews.
* Send out calendars to hiring managers for interviews and pre-hire process, as well as New Hire paperwork.
e Perform reference checks on all New Hires.
e Perform pre-screening of New Hires and new hire orientation.
e Cross train and serve as back up for Receptionist and Executive Department.
e Fax, file, and forward any documents needed.
¢ Data Entry and all clerical work.
¢ Update job descriptions, agendas, goals, handbook, and etc.
e As required: recruit, hire, train and supervise part-time/full-time clerical staff.
e Facilitate special event registration and execution.

e Assist with various program operations as requested as responsibilities permit.

Administrative Assistant, 12/2010 - 05/2012
Radial Commerce, Inc — Burlington, NJ
¢ Handle the tasks of assisting customers by locating automotive products and handling queries.
e Responsible for answering questions to meet customer satisfaction.
e Assist in assessing cost of compensation under insurance claims for accident vehicles.
e Inspect accident vehicles for identifying cause and determining eligibility for claims.
* Update central database with customer and their vehicle information for future follow up and promotional activities.
¢ Prepare letters, memos, and reports upon request.
* Call and schedule appointments for interviews.
¢ Send out calendars to hiring managers for interviews and pre-hire process, as well as New Hire paperwork.
© Perform reference checks on all New Hires.
e Perform pre-screening of New Hires and new hire orientation.
e Cross train and serve as back up for Receptionist and Executive Department.
e Fax, file, and forward any documents needed.
e Data Entry and all clerical work.

Administrative, 02/2007 - 08/2009
Leeco Steel, Lic — Brandon, SD
e Answer telephone, screen/direct calls, take and relay messages.
¢ Provide information to callers.
e Greet persons entering organization, direct persons to correct destination.
e Prepare letters and documents, while also receiving and sorting mail/deliveries.
e Schedule appointments, maintain appointment diary either manually or electronically and organize meetings.
e Tidy and maintaining the reception area clean and presentable.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

BA: Psychology, 2020
Florida International University

National Society of Leadership and Success Foundations of Leadership Certification: 2019

AA: Psychology, 2018
Miami Dade College