PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ©

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Microbiologist with practical skills as an Army officer. Four years of leadership experience across three major
organizations on two continents. Built successful and diverse teams to overcome complicated obstacles while
working in a high stress environment. Experienced in managing and training individuals and organizations,
and in maintaining and tracking valuable assets and property. Looking for opportunities to conduct research
and study microbes.

e Biological research e Training and development
e Toxic agent handling e Project management
e Exposure risk mitigation ¢ Staff supervision
e Proper wear of all levels of PPE e Project management
e HAZMAT certifications ¢ Strategic planning
) ASSISTANT HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER 07/2019 to 01/2020

Department Of Veterans Affairs | Vancouver, WA

e Oversaw in-processing of 50 Soldiers to the organization; ensuring they had everything needed to be
effective members of their new teams.

e Received, compiled, and vetted applications for leadership positions from 30 officers inside and outside
of the organization.

e Tracked Soldier deployability for an organization of 500 people: managed an up to date list of which
individuals in my organization were not currently able to deploy overseas or not.

e Functioned as a liaison between the Soldiers on staff and the commanders of subordinate units
ensuring the effective flow of information, and a rapid acknowledgement and solution of problems.

PLOTOON LEADER 10/2018 to 07/2019
Glacier Bancorp | Billings, MT

e Responsible for a hazard assessment platoon consisting of 31 subordinates, wherein | managed
roughly $10 million of government property.

¢ Participated in an international military training event, testing and creating new standards for operating
in contaminated environemnts with participants from five different countries.

e Developed Army leaders in how to react to, and operate in contaminated environments as a coach at
the Joint Readiness Training Center.

e Created and maintained a 60 day training calendar.

e Operated and maintained field communications equipment.

e Maintained accurate inventory of all assigned equipment.

e Reviewed disciplinary and other adverse actions and made recommendations.

e Prepared subordinates for future professional success through mentorship, assistance in completing
undergraduate classes, and sending them to advanced military training opportunities.

ASOISTANT OPERATIONS OFFICER 07/2017 to 10/2018
Glacier Bancorp | Bozeman, MT

e Trained over 600 Soldiers on how to protect themselves in a contaminated environment, and properly
communicate information about it to higher echelons to both protect other Soldiers, and get assistance
to them as fast as possible.

e Trained two 15 man teams to perform decontamination and protective actions in the event of a chemical
or biological weapon attack.

e Managed and accounted for $15 million of government property.

e Assisted in the planning and overseeing of the transition of the organization from light infantry to armor.
This change required a near complete change in personnel, equipment, policies. and procedures.

e Managed monthly classified reports detailing the status of the organizations manning, training,
equipment, and maintenance.

e innovated new procedure for conducting 24-7 officer on duty supervision that increased efficiency and
decreased cost for the organization.

ASOISTANT OPERATIONS OFFICER 01/2016 to 06/2017
4-2 Attack Recconaisance Battalion, U.S. Army | City, STATE

e Conducted the first decontamination operation of an AH-64D Apache attack helicopter on the Korean
peninsula.

e Trained over 500 Soldiers in how to protect themselves in a contaminated environment, and to properly
relay information about it so as to protect other Soldiers, and aid in support coming to them.

e Formed the first policy for proper decontamination of an AH-64D Apache, which would go on to form the
basis for the Division policy for all aircraft decontamination.

e Directed collection, organization and application of field intelligence and combat data to enhance troop
Safety and operational success.

e Prepared monthly classified reports detailing the unit's status in regards to its preparedness to fight
against a potential North Korean Invasion.

e Integrated a diverse staff consisting of U.S. Soldiers of varying ethnicities, and integrated Korean
Soldiers in to a cohesive and effective working environment.

Bachelor of Science | Microbiology 08/2015
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
e« Performed laboratory research on the nongenetic ingeritence of fruit flies.

e Utilized genomic tools to identify potential coding regions of N. crassa and confirmed their function
through lab results and bioinformatic comparisons.

« Certified Project Manager
« HAZMAT Technician

« HAZMAT Confined Space
« HAZMAT Transportation

« Incident Responder