PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Goal-oriented Human Resources Specialist with over 10 years of experience in training protocol development
and policy implementation. Strong financial acumen with demonstrated success in budget development and
adherence. Accomplished in analyzing company needs and developing long-term solutions to meet personnel
objectives. Well-qualified Human Resource Specialist with proven success in improving operations and
solving problems. Highly proficient in building lasting relationships with key decision makers, customers and
team members to further company goals. Ready to leverage training and experience to take on new
professional challenges. Well-qualified Human Resource Specialist with proven success in improving
operations and solving problems. Highly proficient in building lasting relationships with key decision makers,
customers and team members to further company goals. Ready to leverage training and experience to take
on new professional challenges.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

e Achieved accolades through effectively helping with hiring events.

e Documented and resolved personnel which led to better customer service for all personnel.

e Supervised team of nine staff members.

e Collaborated with senior management all several Directorates in the development of Personnel
management while in the Hr HUB team.

e Achieved [Result] by completing [Task] with accuracy and efficiency.

e Flexible and Adaptable e Data Entry
e Self-Motivated e Teamwork and Collaboration
« Team building e Attention to Detail
e MS Office
HUMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST 05/2017 to 06/2022

Hellermanntyton Corp. | Southfield, MI

e Reviewed and screened applicant resumes to identify qualified candidates.

e Oversaw and managed over 100 hiring process and assisted human resources.

e Partnered with senior leadership to establish and develop corporate and HR policies and procedures.

e Liaised between management and employees to deliver conflict resolution, several times daily to
alleviate problems and interpret compensation and benefits policies.

e Reviewed existing policies and procedures to make recommendations for enhancing work productivity,
recruitment, hiring processes and talent management done in team building environment.

e Improved customer service rankings by quickly resolving issues to improve overall satisfaction.

ACOMNISTRATIVE OFFICER 06/2008 to 05/2017
Department Of Labor | Phoenix, AZ

e Managed all office/Directorate files and records for personnel and adhered to safety procedures to
prevent breaches and data misuse.

e Supervised and guided over 50 new employees and responded quickly to daily questions to improve
understanding of job responsibilities.

e Prepared weekly Situational Reports to various Correspondence, Awards writeups and read aheads on
daily basis, assist business leaders with key decision making and strategic operational planning.

e Communicated corporate objectives across divisions through regular weekly meetings, and email
correspondence and scheduled weekly status updates.

e Assessed over 150 personnel performance and implemented incentives and team-building events to
boost morale.

e Established workflow processes. monitored daily productivity and implemented modifications to improve
overall performance of personnel.

e Leveraged data, implemented new technology and revised procedures to support change.

e Implemented and monitored organizational plans and developed goals and strategies to address
prioritized issues.

e Conducted scheduled yearly review and evaluation of systems and processes to maintain efficiency and
proficiency across enterprise.

e Partnered with business leaders to achieve financial performance, expand clients and services and
foster inclusive culture for all employees.

e Prepared weekly financial statements in Excel and PowerPoint for Senior Management personnel
presentation.

ACCHINISTRATIVE OFFICER 05/2007 to 05/2008
Department Of Labor | Portland, ME

e Managed all Directorate files and records for clients and adhered to safety procedures to prevent
breaches and data misuse.

e Oversaw office inventory activities by ordering and requisitions and stocking and shipment receiving.

e Supervised and guided new employees and responded quickly to questions to improve understanding
of job responsibilities.

e Prepared weekly reports to assist 20 plus business leaders with key decision making and strategic
operational planning.

e Communicated corporate objectives across divisions through daily correspondence and scheduled
status updates.

e Established workflow processes, monitored daily productivity and implemented modifications to improve
overall performance of personnel.

HFCADMIN/LOGISTICS SPECIALIST 05/2006 to 05/2007
Netstar Technologies | City, STATE

« Coordinated all incoming and outgoing shipments to maintain schedules.

e Tracked supply. and equipment and product inventory quantities to maintain necessary levels.

e Issued timely and accurate responses to both internal and external inquiries.

e« Tracked and managed transfer paperwork such as packing lists.

e« Tracked orders and notified customers of status or potential delays.

« Generated documentation and information required for customer shipments.

e« Processed and entered customer orders into database and provided proactive customer service for
accounts.

« Monitored and reported on transportation costs and properly filed shipping documents.

e Verified accurate account invoicing through collaboration with accounting department.

« Boosted customer satisfaction ratings by 75% by providing effective solutions

No Degree | Various Training Human Resources/Security/DCIPS 06/2022
DIA Agency Professional Development, Washington DC

« Completed professional development in Administration

e« Completed professional Development in Human resources
J
High School Diploma 06/1980
WSHS, Woodbridge, VA