JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Detail-orientated Human Resources Manager with experience in Payroll and Human Resources Employee Relations. Excellent time
management skills and problem-solving skills. Ability to make independent decisions and team-player. Seeking position for a Human
Resources Generalist or Recruiter position.

SKILLS
¢ Payroll administration e Customer Service
« Employee engagement e Applicant Tracking System
« Compliance e HIPPA for Human Resources Professional
e Recruitment and hiring e ADA Title I
¢ People skills e CHRO Sexual Harassment Prevention Training
¢ Staffing and recruiting professional ¢ Conflict resolution
¢ Microsoft Office © Multitasking
« Communication e Employee relations
« Organization e Working collaboratively
* QuickBooks e Time management

¢ Leadership and Management
EXPERIENCE

08/2021 to Current Human Resources Manager
Ols Hotels & Resorts — West Hollywood, CA

e Writing term letters and arbitration letters.

e Managed full-cycle human resource operational activities to maximize HR employee performance.

¢ Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding, orientation and
benefits processes.

e Organized and maintained payroll information by entering data, deleting errors, calculating and collecting
information.

e Gathered timesheets to prepare weekly payroll data for processing by payroll coordinator.

¢ Maintained records of personnel documents, including payroll forms, leave notifications, employee files, benefits
information and workers' compensation files.

© Conducted background checks, reference checks and employment verification.

* Conducted employee hiring and exit interviews.

e Researched employee relations issues and conducted meetings with employees and supervisors.

© Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork.

e Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding human resources inquiries.

02/2014 to 08/2021 Medical Technologist
Catholic Health Initiative — Grafton, ND

¢ Consulting with staff at other medical facilities, to resolve complex serologic problems and providing special units
to transfusion recipients.

¢ Performing maintenance, repair and validation of laboratory equipment.

e Managing reagent inventory ordering, receiving, inspection and preparation.

¢ Performing and interpret independent basic and complex donor and/or patient testing procedures and complete
required quality control, as appropriate to state and federal regulations.

e Recognize testing irregularities, identify the cause, determine the solution and resolve the problem or refers it to the
appropriate level.

e Maintain, edit and review computer and manual records to assure accurate record keeping.

e Maintain accurate, legible and complete records.

¢ Provided medical technology information by answering questions and requests.

e Maintained lab equipment and troubleshot instrument problems.

© Maintained lab equipment and troubleshot instrument problems.

¢ Monitored workflow and schedules to ensure timely delivery.

© Developed effective scheduling processes to achieve production objectives.

e Managed schedules of team of 7 personnel to keep shifts properly staffed.

e Investigated safety incidents and drafted reports detailing results.

e Assessed and responded to risks and quickly resolved issues to promote safe and productive workplace.

e Responded to emergency situations in most efficient, effective ways possible.

e Examined hazardous incidents and accidents to uncover causes and provided corrective actions.

© Quickly responded to and resolved issues to keep workplace safe and secure for all personnel.

07/2013 to 01/2014 Medical Technologist Generalist
Quest Diagnostics — Blue Ash, OH
e Analyzed specimens by means of approved testing procedures.
¢ Demonstrated ability of working independently, virtually error free and during heavy workload.
e Interpreted results and related them to the clinical history of the patient.
e Conducted multiple tests at once using automated equipment and computerized instruments.
e Reviewed test results to confirm accuracy and diagnosed causes behind irregular findings.
e Planned and carried out regular maintenance on equipment by following procedures and manufacturers' guidelines.

09/2010 to 05/2013 Lab Assistant
Northland Laboratories — Chicago, IL
e Handles and prepare laboratory specimens for testing and transport.
¢ Provided supervision for weekend teams.
¢ Multi-tasked and able to assist co-workers with questions that arise.
e Sanitized workstations and instruments to avoid cross-contamination.
e Expertly procured and processed specimens for laboratory staff.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
06/2009 Bachelor's Degree: Biology, Medical Lab Science
State University of New York, Quinnipiac University - Albany Albany, Hamden, NY, CT

05/2012 Master of Science: Clinical Laboratory Science
Quinnipiac University - Hamden, CT

05/2013 Certification in Clinical Laboratory Science
University of Hartford