Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

¢ Developed interpersonal skills having dealt with diversity of professionals, including senior management, vendors, sales teams,
PR agencies, ad agencies, and non-profit organizations.

¢ Exceptionally well-organized, with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity, and initiative to achieve both
personal and corporate goals.

e Able to establish a team-spirited environment through a positive and proactive leadership style.

e Have written and/or prepared numerous in-house documents, including contracts, proposals, marketing plans, advertisements,
press releases, and executive correspondence.

¢ Develop and implement business strategies that increase product awareness, market share and company profitability.

Skills
Collaborative Problem Solving e Market
Market Research & Competitive Analysis ¢ Media Relations
Public Speaking e Microsoft Office Suite
Promotional Writing & Editorial Functions ¢ Newsletters
Branding & Strategic Planning e Newspaper
Microsoft Office Suite ¢ Organizational
Administrative support, Public Relations © Policies
Advertising, Public Speaking ¢ Presentation skills
e Benefits, Publications e PR
e Branding, Research e Press releases
¢ Clerical, Stories e PR Writing
¢ Oral, STRATEGIC ¢ Problem Solving
¢ Competitive Analysis, Strategy e Promotional Writing
¢ Consulting, Strategic Planning ¢ Onboarding
¢ Consultant, Vision e Records management
« Content, Web content e Recruitment and hiring
* Detail-oriented, Written e Communications
* Editorial, Articles e Administrative support
¢« Human Resource ¢ Relationship development
e HR e Customer service
¢ Leadership e MS Office
e Director * Problem resolution
¢ Market Research ¢ Team building
¢ Marketing

Experience

Director of Human Resources, 06/2018 to Current

Cancer Treatment Centers Of America — Irving, TX

Supported onboarding of new employees by supplying key job information, including organizational policies, job duties and
employment benefits.

Facilitated new hire onboarding by scheduling training initiatives, resolving issues and processing paperwork.

Liaised with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.

Developed organizational filing systems for correspondence, communications, records and reports.

Improved operational efficiencies by creating filing systems to maintain confidential employee documents and reports.

Identified vacancies in staff, supported recruiting process and interviewed prospective personnel.

Human Resource Assistant, 12/2011 to 12/2014
Columbia Forest Products — Greensboro, NC
e Assisted with the day to day operations of the Human Resource department.
¢ Provide clerical and administrative support to Human Resource Director.
¢ Compiled and updated employee records, coordinated HR projects, dealt with employee requests regarding human resource
issues, rules, and regulations.
¢ Coordinated communication with candidates to schedule interviews and communicated with public services when necessary.
¢ Reported to Human Resource Director.
e Educated and advised over 300 employees on health plans, benefits, and retirement plans.
e Conducted employment verifications and investigations and criminal background checks for new hires.

e Coordinated and conducted more than 50 interview and orientation sessions.

Public Relations Specialist, 12/2009 to 12/2014
Amerisourcebergen Corporation - Corporate — Cleveland, MS
e Managed the execution of communications, and Public Relations for the Hancock County School District.
e Wrote copy for handbooks, press releases, newsletters and other organizational publications.
e Served as primary media contact.
¢ Reported to Superintendent.
¢ Wrote 10-15 news stories, articles, and web content for organizational and local media publications monthly.
¢ Edited news stories and articles for grammatical, compositional and factual errors.
¢ Collaborated with colleagues to develop and update handbooks for staff members, students, and parents.

Public Relations Coordinator, 12/2005 to 12/2007
Coxhealth — Thayer, MO
¢ Managed internal communications, organized and planned events for the Hancock County School District.
¢ Drafted content for press releases, memos, newsletters and other organizational content.
e Assisted in the communication of strategies and messages from the Superintendent and Board of Education.
¢ Reported to Superintendent.
e Created school newspaper to communicate school events and build school community for over 2,500.
e Wrote and published district newsletters for distribution to an audience of 1,400 on a monthly basis.
¢ Authored and edited manuals and plans communicating the vision, and policies and procedures of the school system to more
than 3,000 students, staff, and community stakeholders.

Education and Training

Master of Professional Studies: Mass Communications, Public Relations & Corporate Communications, 2016
Georgetown University - Washington, District of Columbia

Master of Science: Mass Communication, Advertising, 2002
Virginia Commonwealth University - Richmond, Virginia

Bachelor of Arts: Mass Media Arts, Advertising, 1997
Hampton University - Hampton, Virginia

Activities and Honors