JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Human Resources Executive with plus 10+ years of progressive HR experience and advanced knowledge of employment law, compensation,
recruitment and employee relations. Engages with HR service providers and suppliers on HR systems, payroll, insurance and training and
development to promote high performing organization with efficient operating systems, professional and skilled staff and sound financial
resources. Maintains strong stakeholder focus and service-oriented attitude with excellent organization and interpersonal skills to excel in multi-

cultural environment.

SKILLS

e Employee engagement e Training and development
¢ Compliance ¢ Relationship Building
¢ Staff compensation e Team building
¢ Personnel information systems * Relationship development
¢ Staffing and recruiting professional e First Aid/CPR
¢ Employee relations ¢ Communications
e Training development © Onsite facility tours
e« Human resources operations e Interviewing skills
« Employee handbook development e Written and verbal communication
e Recruitment and hiring e Program development
¢ Leadership development © Collaboration
e MS Office e Flexible & Adaptable
¢ Process improvement ¢ Computer skills
¢ Administrative support e Troubleshooting
e Supervision © Project Management
¢ Problem resolution

Work HIsTORY

Human Resources Manager, 12/2017 - 04/2020
Qvc, Inc. — Boise, ID
e Strengthened and enhanced processes for managing complaints by leading thorough investigations into incidents and concerns.
« Maintained 100% protocol and procedural accuracy through HRIS management tools.
e Achieved desired work environment and performance by proactively advising and guiding 733 employees on best practices and overseeing
¢ Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on basis of merit and
relevance with job.
¢ Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected best applicants.
e Established measures to promote diversity and drive equal access to opportunity and advancement.

Co-Founder/Outreach Coordinator, 04/2009 - 12/2019
Akoustis Technologies, Inc. — Huntersville, NC
e Trained members to develop skills, analysis and commitment toward mission.
* Facilitated weekly meetings to discuss internal operational issues, current events, impacting community and advocacy.
¢ Led regional sales meetings and education programs to enhance employee development and performance.
e Supervised team and conducted performance reviews to evaluate and offer constructive feedback.
¢ Presented clients with information, referrals and assistance accessing resources such as food, housing and transportation.
e Functioned as treatment team member, interpreting social, emotional and family system problems and strengths to other members.
* Identified new business opportunities to elevate market position and achieve goals.
¢ Performed ongoing monitoring of care plans to evaluate effectiveness, documenting interventions and goal achievements and suggesting
changes accordingly.

Human Resources Coordinator. 08/2012 - 03/2016
Brewer Science — Springfield, MO
« Liaised with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.
¢ Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths.
e Partnered with IT department to create streamlined onboarding process for new hires.
« Conducted company's internal investigations of associate complaints to coordinate with legal department on relations matters.
e Explained human resources policies and procedures to all employees.
* Created job descriptions to attract targeted talent pool within market wage range.
¢ Mentored staff through constructive feedback, performance assessments and professional development opportunities.
e Enhanced leadership diversity and acumen across escalations, resolutions and change management to successfully meet all service level

agreements.

Human Resources Specialist, 02/2007 - 06/2012
Atlanta Gas Light Company — City, STATE
* Boosted employee morale by establishing fair job descriptions, grades, salaries and benefit programs in accordance with market standards.
e Liaised between employees and senior leadership to address inquiries, complete contract processing and foster problem resolution.
« Liaised with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends.
© Oversaw all facets of staff and client training objectives to install knowledge of federal, state and local regulations and requirements.
* Implemented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize productivity and unite workforce.
e Evaluated staff performance at multiple facilities and made recommendations for training improvement.
¢ Boosted staff morale by coordinating special coalition events and projects, which were well-attended.
¢ Proactively identified and solved complex HR problems that impacted operations management and business direction.
e Strategized long-term business needs by driving employee feedback for process improvements.

EDUCATION
Master of Science: Adult Education And Organization Development

Strayer University - Douglasville

Bachelor of Science
Indiana University Bloomington - Bloomington, IN