Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Dedicated Human Resources professional offering 3 years of success in benefits administration, employee relations and performance
management. In-depth understanding of policy implementation, affirmative action guidelines and employment law compliance.
Strong leader with proven problem solving and conflict resolution skills.

Skills
¢ Work Complaint Handling e Advertising Techniques
¢ Networking and Partnership Development * Microsoft Dynamics
¢ Harassment Investigation * Google Drive
¢ Performance Appraisal ¢ Industry-Specific HR Regulations
e Affirmative Action Guidelines ¢ Policy and Procedure Writing
e Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) ¢ Termination Documentation
¢ Microsoft Internet Explorer e Employee Hiring
¢ Employment Data Tracking e Tax Software
e Adobe Systems Adobe Photoshop e Human Resources Management Systems
e Applicant Qualification e Employee Recognition
* Microsoft Office e Managing Employee Relations
¢ Recruitment Management e Judgment and Decision-Making
e Adobe Systems Adobe Dreamweaver e ADP Workforce Now
¢ Microsoft SharePoint e Analytical and Critical Thinking
¢ Employee Orientation e Wages and Salary
¢ Google Analytics e Time Management
¢ Retention Program Development ¢ Corporate Recruiting
¢ Leave of Absence Transitions e Eligibility Determinations
e Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) e Learning Strategies
¢ Policy Interpretation ¢ Job Specifications
e Candidate Searching ¢ Kronos Timekeeping
¢ Management Consulting ¢ Critical Thinking
e In-Person and Telephone Interviewing ¢ Employee Relations Investigations
¢ Transfer Coordination * Benefits Administration
* Promotion Coordination * Coordination
e« Employment Recordkeeping ¢ Monitoring
Work History

Human Resources Generalist, 05/2019 to Current
Tech Air — Danville, VA

¢ Implemented and supervised orientation procedures for new hires.

¢ Provided guidance to managers and employees on talent management, payroll, FMLA, and benefits.

e Facilitated criminal background check process for new hires.

¢ Met with staff to resolve difficult situations related to performance and conflict management.

¢ Liaised with HR and payroll to coordinate and manage employee leaves of absence.

¢ Handled new-hire orientation and basic recruiting tasks for best-in-class talent identification.

¢ Coached managers through employee engagement, documentation, discipline and performance improvement plans.

¢ Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to human resources activity.

e Conducted career fairs, screened resumes, and interviewed applicants to build candidate pipelines and enhance company
culture.

¢ Conducted confidential investigations of discrimination, harassment and workplace violence.

¢ Collaborated with payroll to complete and upload pay data and worked with managers to support proper wage and hour
compliance.

e Understood, interpreted and mediated human resources inquiries to support administration of human resources policies,
procedures and programs.

e Processed unemployment claims and acted as company representative at unemployment hearings.

¢ Explained and administered medical insurance, disability and flexible spending accounts.

e Coached and educated management throughout organization on appropriate guidelines for maintaining legally-compliant
workplace.

e Provided advice to leadership on implementation of HR policies and procedures, collective bargaining and union agreements
and business rollouts.

e¢ Managed employee rewards programs.

e Improved quality of hiring decisions by working with hiring managers on new comprehensive employment selection processes.

¢ Worked cooperatively with collective bargaining union representatives and management to establish accurate job position
descriptions, classifications, pay grades and compensation.

e Shadowed employees to determine accurate description of duties and skills required for each position.

e Conducted salary survey research for both exempt and non-exempt positions.

e Implemented company's first sourcing tracking system.

¢ Facilitated initiative to address disparities in hiring racial and ethnic minority applicants.

¢ Delivered strategic workforce planning, benefits administration, labor relations, succession planning and reporting systems.

¢ Built comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.

Loss Prevention Associate, 08/2017 to 05/2019
Baldor Food — Jessup, MD

¢ Consulted with store managers on bases to perform loss investigations.

e Prepared reports for clients and underwriters regarding property loss features and recommendations for improvement and
future needs.

e Increased company understanding of loss control strategies through on-site client training seminars and implementation of new
programs.

¢ Provided loss control reporting for prospects and clients.

¢ Built strong partnerships by gaining customer trust for implementation of viable loss control strategies.

¢ Introduced and implanted viable loss control strategies by maintaining strong partnerships and trust with customers.

¢ Worked with clients and risk management specialists to provide meaningful solutions that met client needs.

¢ Completed loss control surveys for underwriting information and evaluation.

¢ Established solid client base by identifying company resources, determining client risk factors and promoting solutions that
alleviated risk potential.

¢ Provided meaningful solutions by garnering teams of risk management specialists to meet client needs.

e Enhanced training processes for both clients and departments to increase overall functionality.

¢ Identified company resources, determined client risk factors and promoted solutions to establish solid client base.

¢ Built solid client base by identifying company resources, determining client risk factors and delivering risk management
solutions.

¢ Developed and launched on-site client training seminars to foster understanding and implementation of loss control strategies.

¢ Developed and presented training programs for clients and departments within company.

¢ Coached and counseled new engineers in client risk management and internal underwriting issues.

Sales Associate, 07/2015 to 08/2017
Chico's Fas, Inc. — Torrance, CA
¢ Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.
¢ Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers.
¢ Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites.
e Answered customer questions regarding sizing, accessories and proper care for merchandise.
e Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.
e Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.
¢ Solved customer challenges by offering relevant products and services.
¢ Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.
* Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns.
e Processed product returns and assisted customers with other selections.
¢ Achieved perfect attendance and on-time record.
¢ Implemented up-selling strategies such as recommending accessories and complementary purchases to boost revenue.
¢ Trained and developed new hires in company processes, product knowledge, customer service and selling techniques.
¢ Completed orders and organized product deliveries to meet customer timetables.
¢ Loaded and unloaded merchandise using ladder and pallet jack.
¢ Evaluated inventory and delivery needs and optimized strategies to meet customer demands.
¢ Prepared large cash deposits with zero discrepancies.
¢ Worked alongside retail representatives to enhance product presentations and advertising collateral.
¢ Applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft.
¢ Developed, marketed and sold full range of products and support services.

Education

Bachelor Of Applied Arts: Human Resources Management, 05/2017
Jackson State University - Jackson, MS