Lead Information Technology Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Sp ecialist Website; www. qwikresurme.com
Linkedin:
ROBERT SMITH fddieesLzs) Mantodis Read
Alabama,

Objective

Lead Inforrnation Technology Specialist with over 12 plus years of professional service in
Information Technology Support and Technical Operations in working with the Federal Goverment
and private sectors, Broad knowledge and expertise in strategic planning, IT Business Systems,
Network Operations, IT Security and Systern Analysis. My goal is to secure permanent
employment within an outstanding organization that offers opportunities for growth and
advancement while implementing a high degree of professionalism, enthusiasm, initiative on a
daily basis.

Skills

Vinware, Microsoft Suite, Contract Management, Contract Management, Active Directory,
Microsoft Outlook 2013, Windows 7, Windows 10, Systern Security, Data Automation, Circult
Design Application, UNIX Client Server

Work Experience

Lead Information Technology Specialist
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - Present

* Monitoring network te ensure network availability te all system users and perform necessary
maintenance to support network availability,

Developing document and Implementing IT asset management program to identify the
location and maintain accountability of T equipment,

Serving as contract office representative, effectively managing Verizon service contract, in
business systems tools such as Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System
(CPARS) and Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF),

* Managing IT related issues through trouble ticketing systern known as a remedy.
Coordinating with custorn care liaison regarding technical assessment and cost estimate, life
cycle replacernent.

Preparing documentation on complex systerns, processes inthe assigned functional area of
responsibility and maintaining 4 business continulty plan.

Managing copier and printer inventory prograrn, serving as entitlement manager for dod
enterprise email system, creating a distribution list, emall accounts, restrict and grant
permission to both individual and group ernails.

Senior Information Technology Specialist

ABC Corporation - April 2005 - July 2013
* Received and distributed sensitive iterns to over 100 organizations with no deficiencies.
» Assisted with the standard procedure to ship and package of electronic equipment.
* Issued special telecornmunication encryption keys to civilian companies and military

commands.
* Provided strategic planning and operation support to cornmand group in Gerrnany.

* Preforrned analytical, technical and administrative work planning, daily inventory, diagnosed
and responded to customer Incident reports, site evaluation to ensure clients are in

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines