PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Rational, critical-thinking as Built Analyst with nine years of experience enhancing operations for
organizations through information systems solutions. Proven track record of transforming specific business
goals related to growth and efficiency improvements into new system designs. Knowledgeable innovator
known for recommending new technologies to enhance existing systems and introduce new systems. Versatile
Information Technology Consultant with nine years helping companies optimize IT spending and exploit
technical assets. Proponent of macro-level approaches to IT asset management. Skilled at analyzing and
enhancing systems, infrastructure and frameworks to accelerate progress toward business goals. Dedicated
IT consulting professional well-versed in developing creative solutions for diverse business problems and
objectives. Tactical and decisive leader with self-directed and analytical mindset. Known for quickly and
effectively defining IT operational obstacles and designing cost-effective solutions. Highly-skilled Analyst well-
versed in setting up hardware and software components for hospital users. Special skill in optimizing systems
to address dynamic needs, improve collaboration and strengthen security. Weighs crucial business and IT
needs against computer system and procedural limitations, assessing roadmaps for optimal functions.

e Supervised team of fifty four staff members.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

e Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

¢ Collaborated with team of fifty four in the development of OpTime(surgery )and Anesthesia Modules.
e Documented and resolved workflows which led to positive results and customers satisfaction .

e Information security e Technical Analysis
e Data Analysis e Relationship development
e Performance Optimization e Team management
« Data Mining e MS Office
e IT Performance Report Creation e Supervision
e Technical installations ¢ Process improvement
¢ Client relationship management e Problem resolution
e Product development e Business operations
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALY ST 08/2015 to 08/2018

Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc. | Tampa, FL

e Planned and conceived computer systems using information engineering, data modeling and structured
analysis.

e Developed flowcharts and diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps.

e Organized system infrastructure documentation and operating procedures, strengthening controls and
enhancing overall performance.

e Resolved malfunctions with systems and programs through troubleshooting.

e Presented business leaders with cost-benefit and return-on-investment estimations to drive project
planning and execution.

e Innovated implementation of EPIC for customized invoices and designed workflows, interface order
management for the health system.

e Controlled development of test areas, systems test data and testing methods prior to implementing new
systems.

e Directed IT services, counseled executives and collaborated with senior management on strategic
planning.

e Worked closely with infrastructure staff and departmental decision makers to identify, recommend,
develop and implement cost-effective technology solutions.

e Boosted information sharing by enhancing interfaces between computer systems.

e Investigated and addressed system issues to enhance usability and improve functionality.

INSDRMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST 12/2014 to 08/2015
Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc. | West Palm Beach, FL

e Planned and conceived computer systems using information engineering, data modeling and structured
analysis.

e Developed flowcharts and diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps.

e Organized system infrastructure documentation and operating procedures, strengthening controls and
enhancing overall performance.

e Resolved malfunctions with systems and programs through troubleshooting.

e Presented business leaders with cost-benefit and return-on-investment estimations to drive project
planning and execution.

e Innovated implementation of Magellan software for customized invoices and designed workflows.

e Controlled development of test areas, systems test data and testing methods prior to implementing new
systems.

e Directed IT services, counseled executives and collaborated with senior management on strategic
planning.

e Worked closely with infrastructure staff and departmental decision makers to identify, recommend,
develop and implement cost-effective technology solutions.

INICDRMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST 02/2014 to 12/2014
Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc. | Charlotte, NC

e Planned and conceived computer systems using information engineering, data modeling and structured
analysis.

e Organized system infrastructure documentation and operating procedures, strengthening controls and
enhancing overall performance.

e Resolved malfunctions with systems and programs through troubleshooting.

e Partnered across organization to design solutions with Epic software platform to deliver optimal path for
key business initiatives.

e Innovated implementation of Epic for customized invoices and designed workflows for the system.

Master of Science | Science of Administration 05/2004
Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, MI

Ba -helor of Science | Nursing 05/1996
Medical College of Virginia/ VCU, Richmond, VA

AsCociate of Science | Nursing 05/1986
Norfolk State University, Norfolk, VA

Cardiothoracic Specialty Assembly 1997-present
Sigma Theta Tau 1998- present

Epic OpTime Analyst

Epic Anesthesia Analyst

Epic Clinical Documentation
Nursing License - Master Degree