JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Medical Transcriptionist who enjoys meeting deadlines. Knowledgeable in Pediatric Cardiology, Adult Cardiology, and
Electrophysiology. Offers a successful career history comprising more than 38 years.

SKILLS

* Close attention to detail e Adept multi-tasker

« Editing e Research and data analysis
¢ Medical terminology

e Excellent verbal communication

¢ Oral and written communication

e Resourceful and reliable worker

e Document accuracy

¢ Proficient in Microsoft Office

e Excellent problem solver

Work HISTORY

Information Technology Specialist
Springfield Local School District — Haslet, TX
e Responsible for the Cardiac Cath Lab Apollo Reporting System and Heart Lab Digital Archive System.
e Provided after-hours support for applications and project efforts when needed.
¢ Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
e Referred major hardware and software problems and defective products to vendors or technicians for service.
¢ Identified and corrected performance issues.
e Trained users in the proper use of hardware or software.
e Applied performance tuning techniques.
e Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.
e Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.
e Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.
e Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and data sharing.
e Ensured proper installation of cables, operating systems and software.
¢ Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.
e Escalated unresolved issues to appropriate level.

e Created and maintained databases. network accounts and programs for specific department needs.

Administrative Assistant
In-Terminal Services — Spearfish, SD

« Same duties as Secretary in addition to:

* Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.

¢ Provided clerical support to company employees, including copying, faxing and file management.

e Organized all new hire, security and temporary paperwork.

¢ Coordinated office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders.

¢ Made travel arrangements for management and executive staff.

¢ Sorted, received, and distributed mail correspondence between departments and personnel, including parcel packaging, preparation, and
efficient shipping.

* Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.

¢ Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.

e Interacted with vendors, contractors, and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct activities and communicate management
instruction.

¢ Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.

e Served as corporate liaison between the finance, IT and marketing departments.

e Greeted customers and visitors in-person and via telephone calls.

e Audited new customer files to verify medical necessity and satisfaction of coverage criteria.

e Liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies.

e Aggregated and prepared documentation and reports for office meetings, distribution, and filing.

* Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.

e Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

* Compiled annual recommendations for end of fiscal year budgets.

¢ Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete patient charts.

* Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

¢ Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.

e Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

¢ Coordinated travel accommodations for staff and out-of-town visitors, including vouchers, agendas, and transportation.

¢ Complied annual recommendations for end of fiscal year budgets.

¢ Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.

e Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.5Oversaw daily office operations for staff of 5 employees.

e Screened all visitors and directed them to the correct employee or office.

e Answered telephone inquiries from clients, vendors and the public.

e Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

¢ Monitored and screened visitors to verify accessibility to inter-office personnel.

* Greeted incoming customers in a professional manner and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance.

¢ Prepared packages for shipment, pickup or courier delivery to customers.

e Answered and quickly redirected calls.

e Trained new employees on multiple medical billing programs and data entry software.

e Received and routed business correspondence to correct department or staff member.

¢ Drafted biweekly time sheets for 30 executives and employees.

e Accurately posted and sent out all medical claims.

e Maintained updated knowledge of coding requirements, through continuing education and certification renewal.

e Interacted with providers and other medical professionals regarding billing and documentation policies, procedures and regulations.

e Accurately selected the proper descriptive code when more than one anatomical location was indicated.

¢ Checked patient records to make sure that information was accurate.

¢ Prepared billing correspondence and maintained database to organize billing information.

* Reviewed documentation for compliance with requirements and accuracy of information.

e Interacted with all necessary partners throughout the establishment including physicians, nursing staff, technicians, and medical assistants.

e Thoroughly researched newly identified diagnoses and/or medical procedures to expand skills and knowledge.

¢ Actively maintained current working knowledge of CPT and ICD-9 coding principles, government regulation, protocols and third party
requirements regarding billing.

¢ Followed all HIPAA rules and regulations regarding patient confidentiality.

¢ Developed and implemented improvements to billing system to maximize efficiency, reduce delinquency and increase accuracy.

¢ Coordinated with other internal departments and customers to keep operations running smoothly and solve both routine and complex
problems.

¢ Resourcefully used various coding books, procedure manuals and on-line encoders.

e Researched CPT and ICD-9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimbursement accuracy.

e Maintained strict patient and physician confidentiality.

¢ Identified and resolved patient billing and payment issues.

© Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.

* Contacted the Medical Records Manager immediately when problems arose.

Secretary

South Dakota Board Of Regents — Washington, DC
e Same duties as Medical transcriber in addition to:
* Ordered all office supplies including ink cartridges, toner, and paper.
* Monitored and screened visitors to verify accessibility to inter-office personnel.
* Completed data entry, tracked resumes and maintained the applicant tracking system.
e Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
e Answered telephone inquiries from clients, vendors and the public.
¢ Interacted with vendors, contractors, and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct activities and communicate management

instruction.
e Kept reception area clean and neat to give visitors a positive impression of the company.
* Complied annual recommendations for end of fiscal year budgets.
e Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
* Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete patient charts.
e Greeted customers and visitors in-person and via telephone calls.
* Trained new employees on multiple medical billing programs and data entry software.
e Answered inquiries and addressed, resolved or escalated issues to management personnel to ensure client satisfaction.
¢ Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
e Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.
¢ Managed hundreds of accounts receivable accounts working directly with the Financial Management Office.
e Performed accounts receivable duties including invoicing, researching chargebacks. discrepancies and reconciliations.
¢ Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.
* Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.
* Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.
e Aggregated and prepared documentation and reports for office meetings, distribution, and filing.
e Drafted biweekly time sheets for 30 executives and employees.
© Coordinated office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders.
e Liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies.
¢ Served as corporate liaison between the finance, IT and marketing departments.
* Organized all new hire, security and temporary paperwork.
¢ Provided clerical support to company employees, including copying, faxing and file management.
* Screened all visitors and directed them to the correct employee or office.
* Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.
¢ Prepared and distributed payroll for staff of [Number] direct reports.
¢ Prepared packages for shipment, pickup or courier delivery to customers.
¢ Received and routed business correspondence to correct department or staff member.
e Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.
e Answered and quickly redirected calls.
¢ Compiled annual recommendations for end of fiscal year budgets.
e Made travel arrangements for management and executive staff.
¢ Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.
* Coordinated travel accommodations for staff and out-of-town visitors, including vouchers, agendas, and transportation.
e Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.
e Sorted, received, and distributed mail correspondence between departments and personnel, including parcel packaging, preparation, and
efficient shipping.

* Greeted incoming customers in a professional manner and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance.

* Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.

Medical Transcriptionist, 07/1977 - 1988
Befs — City, State
e Expertly transcribed medical reports for a variety of physicians in a hospital setting.
e Translated medical jargon into correct terminology.
e Prepared patient charts accurately and neatly for the clinic.
e Edited drafts created from speech recognition software.
e Assisted in the maintenance of medical charts and/or electronic medical record (filing, Op Reports. test results, home care forms).
© Coordinated with other internal departments and customers to keep operations running smoothly and solve both routine and complex
problems.
e Interacted with all necessary partners throughout the establishment including physicians. nursing staff, technicians, and medical assistants.
¢ Performed qualitative analysis of records to ensure accuracy, internal consistency and correlation of recorded data.
e Maintained strict patient and physician confidentiality.
e Contacted the Medical Records Manager immediately when problems arose.
® Corrected grammar, spelling and syntax mistakes.
e Attended training associated with the role to improve skills and boost speed.
¢ Performed account reconciliations and resolved variances.
¢ Treated all patients, their families, visitors, peers, staff and providers in a pleasant and courteous manner.
e Adeptly managed a multi-line phone system and pleasantly greeted all patients.
© Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.
e Checked patient records to make sure that information was accurate.
e Researched questions and concems from providers and provided detailed responses.
e Transcribed and edited physician reports from dictation using Microsoft Word and McKesson Reporting System.
¢ Followed all HIPAA rules and regulations regarding patient confidentiality.

EDUCATION
Associate of Applied Science: Medical Secretary, 1978
Santa Fe College - Gainesville, FL

Associate of Arts: 1976
Polk State College - Winter Haven, FL