PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

LEADERSHIP PROFILE: Executive information technology professional who builds strong relationships. 15
plus years of experience managing technical projects in information security, IT infrastructure networks,
application development, technology integration, business analysis, and client technology consulting. A
Servant leader with more than 10 plus years of experience in leadership who leads and efficiently manages
multiple teams. AREAS OF EXPERTISE Servant Leadership IT Project Management Methodologies
Information Security Excellent Problem Solving and Conflict Resolution Strategic Direction and Planning
Network Design and Implementation Quality Assurance Management Risk Identification and Management
Vendor Management & Contracts Leadership and Development Microsoft Office 365 & Google Workspace
Organizational Change Management (OCM) Software as a Service (SaaS) Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC) Banking & Financial Services Industry Business Continuity and Risk Planning

e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 07/2017 to CURRENT

Indiana Packers Corporation | Owensboro, KY

« Spearheaded IT operations for a 450 million dollar asset-sized financial institution.

« Oversee IT operations, Provides Executive presence continuously enhance network security, reliability,
infrastructure, and mission-critical software applications.

e« Leveraged innovative biometrics security technology software applications and lowered operational
costs by 10%.

e« Create, prepare, and monitor the annual $2 million budget for the IT department: saved 15% of budget.

« Negotiate vendor contracts, including service level agreements (SLA) and 3rd party vendor
negotiations.

e Saved the bank $200K annually.

« Successfully manages multiple teams, builds strong relationships within IT, and also both internal and
external business clients.

« Leveraged Automated Teller cash machine project.

e Increased accuracy eliminated human error; 25% (ROM).

« Design, develop, build, and manage a scalable Hybrid network infrastructure to support company
growth.

« Windows 10 migration; saved 100k.

e Increased network performance and up-time to 99.9%.

« Maintain IT business continuity, disaster recovery, risk management plans and procedures for the bank.

« Communicates proficiently, clearly and effectively with both internal and external business customers.

e Establish Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to evaluate and improve processes within the IT
department to meet company strategic goal and objectives.

INICORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER 07/2016 to 07/2017
National Lutheran Communities & Services | Annapolis, MD

e Revitalized relationships between business end users, IT staff members, and executive members
increasing productivity, minimizing down time, enhancing user experience and internal customer
satisfaction.

e Increased productivity by %15.

e Manage enterprise migration projects, align processes, system deployments, and management
practices to ensure the projects meet or exceed business goals.

e Successfully designed, implemented and completed Windows Server 2016 terminal server migration.

e Providing optimal network performance and up-time of 99.7%.

e Lead audit and exam processes: facilitate responses to questions during audits/exams, keeping
executive management abreast of any potential findings or compliance issues.

e Manage day-to-day operations of the information technology department.

e Provide end-to-end application and technical support, information, assistance and training to business
end user customers.

e Perform risk and vulnerability assessments; monitor risk appetites.

IT CROJECT MANAGER 06/2010 to 11/2016
Abacus Group Lic | Frisco, TX

e Provide full project life cycle ownership, plan, execute, make changes to improve and finalize multiple
projects on time and on budget within the project scope.

e Using Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) best practices.

e Supports and coordinates the implementation of major IT improvement projects, computer hardware,
upgrades, renovations and service implementations within the corporate office and call centers.

e Mentored, managed, and trained a team of 4 IT Project Coordinators and Business Systems Analyst.

e Subject matter expert and technology liaison between vendors, business and information technology
client partners.

e Creates and manages yearly Op-Ex budget of over $3,000,000.00 consisting of multiple simultaneous
projects.

e Successfully managed 35 Hosted Virtual Desktop Cloud call center migrations in 20 different states by
coordinating virtual meeting across four time zones and saved the business $900,000 in vendor and
overhead costs.

¢ Worked closely with call center Directors and Managers.

e Served as subject matter expert (SME) managing cloud migration.

e 18 ROI.

e Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment.

LEQD REGIONAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS COORDINATOR 02/2001 to 06/2010
Dobson Communications Inc | City, STATE

e Managed a team of 8 Information Systems Coordinators in 2 Data Centers.

e Provide IT support to business customers; committed to providing service that are tailored to meet the
customer's needs.

¢ Strategized Norton Ghost implementation to provide quick desktop reimaging, reducing end user down

time by 40%.
e Awarded Technology Achievement award winner for excellent customer service and quality of work
2010.
Masters of Science | Information Technology Management 2021

Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT

Cc_apTIA Project+, Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) Pending 2021
Board Member: Western States User Group 2019 - 2021

Bahelor of Science | Business Management 2013
Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT