JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dynamic, passionate, and motivated AWIPS system administrator with over 20 years of experience in managing, strategizing, and optimizing
AWIPS projects and services for the National Weather Service. Honored and eager to serve and support the team at Global Systems Laboratory
(GSL).

SKILLS

e 25+ years experience in National Weather Service operations and © 20+ years experience Project Management

forecasting e 10+ years experience with GIS, including ESRI AGOL products

e 20+ years experience AWIPS administration, development, e 20+ years experience in technical support, training, and
programming, and training productivity improvement

e 15+ years experience AWIPS, GFE, LDM, Hazard Services, Thin ¢ Knowledge of docker and operating-system-level virtualization
Client through container-based architectures

e 10+ years experience PyPies, QPID, CAVE, EDEX, D2D, Git, e Leadership, Teamwork, Collaboration, and Mentoring
VLab e 20+ years experience Windows PC/LAN Administration

e 20+ years experience Linux OS Administration. Developed e 2 years experience working with AWIPS in Amazon Web Services
thousands of scripts, solutions, applications, and programs for (AWS)

local, regional, and national use

e 20+ years experience programming c, java, Perl, Python, and other
scripting languages

e 20+ years experience web development, javascript, HTML, PHP.
and Google Sites

e 20+ years experience PostgreSQL

Work HISTORY

Information Technology Officer, 04/2004 - Current
Tegna — Saint Louis, MO

e Administer LAN, PC, software development, AWIPS, GFE, Hazard Services, IDSS services, and CWSU systems locally, regionally, and

nationally.

Manage system and hardware support for several AWIPS systems, including SWPN, FSLC, BOU, CCBN, and TOAX.

e Serve on numerous local, regional, and national teams including Central Region Tech Support Team, NWS Geospatial-Intelligence
Workgroup, National GIS Viewer, CWSU Thin Client, SAFERNation AGOL Integration Working Group, GraphiDSS unified project,
DssPacket, Hazard Services IOC, and ATAN team.

Initiated national support strategy for all 122+ NWS offices to upgrade from AWIPS I to AWIPS IL, including step-by-step upgrade

checklists and on-site and/or remote installs.

« Implemented support model for AWIPS Thin Client program for all 21 CWSUs, including remote installs, support, documentation, and
training services. Developed strategy to transition support to Raytheon/NCF.

e Served on profiler team to testreview contractor bids. Developed solution to add profiler datasets to AWIPS for review.

e National WarnGen team member instrumental in migrating NWS critical warning software (WarnGen) to AWIPS II.

¢ Graduated Colorado Leadership Development Program (Class of 2016).

e Served on NRAP NWS Culture Team. Led effort to develop national culture web portal for NWS.

e Launched numerous collaborative efforts among local, regional, and national offices.

e Initiated and strategized efforts to construct AWIPS testbed (CCBN) for national centers (WPC) at DSRC. This project included
installation, configuration, and management of over 12 testbed workstations. Several national projects utilized this testbed, including
projects from WPC and Tropical.

¢ Served on AWIPS II Past Performance team.

e Strategized, configured, and managed parallel AWIPS I'll solution for NWS Boulder.

e Spearheaded several efforts for Hazard Services to develop national checklists and reference documentation. Supported numerous
Hazard Services workshops.

e Initiated numerous efforts for Decision Support Service applications at the local, regional, and national levels.

Information Technology Officer, 09/2001 - 04/2004
National Weather Service - Duluth MN — City, STATE
e Administered LAN, PC, LINUX systems, software development, AWIPS, GFE, and IDSS services and operations. Developed hundreds
of scripts, applications, and programs.
¢ Strategized and led large-scale efforts to help evolve and optimize forecasting procedures, tools, and services.
¢ Implemented numerous efforts to develop projects and collaborate with surrounding offices and partners.

Lead Forecaster, 03/1998 - 09/2001
National Weather Service - Duluth — City, STATE
© Served as senior forecaster responsible for quality and timeliness of all warning and forecast products.
© Coordinated and provided meteorological advice for daily weather, marine, and warning operations.
¢ Managed LAN, PC, software development, AWIPS, GFE, and IDSS services and systems.
e Strategized and led large-scale efforts to develop projects and collaborate with surrounding offices and partners.
¢ Implemented efforts to help improve forecasting procedures, tools, and services.

Meteorologist , 08/1992 - 03/1998
National Weather Service — City, STATE
e Served as forecaster responsible for quality and timeliness of all warning and forecast products.
© Coordinated and provided meteorological advice for daily weather, marine, and warning operations.
¢ Managed LAN, PC, software development, AWIPS, GFE, and IDSS services and systems.
e Strategized and led large-scale efforts to develop projects and collaborate with surrounding offices and partners.
¢ Implemented efforts to help improve forecasting procedures, tools, and services.

AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Special Act Awards 2010-2020 for local, regional, and national leadership and accomplishments

e Special Act Awards 2016-2017 from the AWIPS Program Office for leadership with the AIWPS deployment and contract activities
e Graduated Colorado Development Leadership Program (2016)

¢ Regional Isaac Cline Award for leadership in AWIPS II deployment (2014)

e Member and active participant of NWA, AMS and AGU

EDUCATION
No Degree: Computer Science

Michigan Tech University - Houghton, MI

Bachelor of Science: Atmospheric Sciences And Meteorology, 05/1992
University of Wisconsin - Madison - Madison, WI