JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Friendly Customer Service Specialist with 20+ years background in various technical and functional settings. Knowledgeable about security,
service and clerical requirements. Takes on multiple simultaneous tasks with excellent time management abilities and resourceful approach.

SKILLS
e Administrative Support * Scheduling
* Telephone Etiquette e File and Database Management
e MS Office ¢ Knowledge of office methods, procedures, practices and protocols
e Planning and Coordination e Organization and Time Management
e Team Building e Excellent Communication
Work HIsToRy

Information Technology Manager/Customer Support Representative, 01/2016 - 06/2018
USAG-Rheinland Pfalz — City, STATE
* Facilitated best user experience through continuous support and communication of system changes.
e Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems, and key processes.
e Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision.
« Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.
e Assisted with updating technical support best practices for use by team.
e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functions to provide positive user experience.
e Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information.
¢ Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.
e Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions.
¢ Set up network profiles, security permissions, and file sharing systems.
¢ Provided administrative services, including phone and email correspondence, making copies, and handling incoming and outgoing mail
and faxes.

e Re-imaged and updated laptops and computer systems for entire Headquarters

Material Management Supervisor/Customer Service Manager, 03/2011 - 12/2015
U.S. Army — City, STATE
e Improved resource allocation to promote efficiency and deadline management
e Managed material flow through plants across global markets to support lean manufacturing operations and measured cost management
¢ Worked closely with purchasing team, leveraging power of commodities and materials in outlining trade and distribution agreements
* Monitored safety stock levels and established order policies to balance inventory availability with minimal investment
e Maintained material control and information systems, supporting numerous manufacturing and balancing inventory surpluses with
customer demand
« Generated weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly reports on purchasing operations
* Developed productive relationships with key account holders
*« Completed monthly profit and loss performance reports
© Worked within applicable standards, policies, and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment
¢ Collaborated with team members to achieve target results of 100% accountability during wall-to-wall inventory
e Enhanced customer satisfaction ratings by resolving technical, on-site and account issues efficiently.
¢ Updated account information in each customer's record to keep data accurate.
e Directed team of 25 supervisors and managers to enhance across-the-board customer support and better meet company service demands.
e Answered multi-line phones and used active listening skills to assess client's issues and challenges.
e Used good communication strategies and knowledge to promote exceptional customer service and create positive environment for

employees and clients.

Supply Manager/Administrative Assistant, 10/2004 - 02/2011
U.S. Army — City, STATE

¢ Established effective supply program by executing supply policies, plans, and procedures to resolve logistics operations accountability
issues

e Managed and accounted for over $15,000,000 of organizational and installation equipment for five organizations using automated and
manual systems, which resulted in no discrepancies in all supply documents and zero loss of equipment

e Maintained Government Purchase Card (GPC) and provided quarterly semi-annual, and annual purchase reports to approving officials
(AO), Agency Program Coordinator (APC), and Senior Managers for compliance-zero discrepancies.

e Assured company support requirements were prepared, edited, and submitted to Budget's office to purchase supplies and equipment.

* Conducted cyclic inventories and requisitioned stock to meet demanded inventory levels.

¢ Completed regular inventory counts of equipment on th property book for unit.

e Reviewed records and information documents for accuracy and completeness to reduce discrepancies of posted transactions on te
organizational property book and supporting transaction files

e Reported property accountability data and completed standard requisitioning, stock, storing. records, and issuing procedures utilizing
Logistics Information Systems (LIS)

e Ensured Senior Managers were notified of new or changed policies and procedures to reduce purchase requests and accountability
discrepancies.

© Scheduled conference rooms, prepared agendas and maintained calendars to prepare for meetings and events.

e Managed relational database to store information for reference, reporting and analysis.

e Offered technical support and troubleshot issues to enhance office productivity.

¢ Scheduled office meetings and client appointments for staff teams.

¢ Provided supply chain guidance to team of 15 employees

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science: Business Administration And Management, 2019

University of Arkansas Grantham - Lenexa. KS

Associate of Arts: Business Administration, 2015
University of Arkansas Grantham - Lenexa, KS

High School Diploma: 1996
Valdosta High School - Valdosta, GA