SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Detail-oriented Front End Developer versed in Information Technology and networking. Bringing strong
innovative analytical abilities. Desiring to gain an position with room for growth and advancement.
Hardworking and reliable Information Technology Associate with strong ability in task management. Offering
adaptability and resolutions. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

Leadership Skills « Conflict mediation

e« Presentation delivery e Photoshop

« Instructional design protocols e — |llustrator

« Classroom management e Indesign

« Behavior modification e Premier

« Analytical decision making e Brackets

e CPR/First-aid certified Information Technology

e Effective listening e Testing scenarios

e« Behavioral/cognitive skills development e Budget determinations

« Differentiated learning techniques e Acceptance criteria

« Team collaboration e System installation management
Web Development Technical Skills e Scope definition

e« Adobe Creative Suite Applications e Infrastructure planning

*« Project management e Microsoft Office

« Wireframes e Active listening

« Oral and written communications e Planning & organizing

¢ Team building

) GRAPHIC DESIGNER/UI/UX DESIGNER/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST 72/1999 fo CURRENT

Butterfly Effects | Manchester, CT

e Freelance projects such as websites, mapping layouts for apps and other small media

e Creating short videos & intro videos

e Creating infographics

e Book cover layouts

e Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to determine resolutions to problems
and answer inquiries.

« Mentored other technologists and support professionals to provide professional development and skill
enhancement.

e Developed online documentation for common processes for both support staff and end-users.

e Increased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.

PAQ2APROFESSIONAL EDUCATOR AUGUST to CURRENT
Travis Unified School District | City, STATE

e Evaluated individual student needs and assessed academic and social situations to address challenges
and goals.

e Maintained focused, inclusive and supportive learning environments.

e Cleaned and organized classrooms, materials and supplies.

e Offered students personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.

e Delivered instruction individually or in small groups with support from instructor.

e Complied with instructor-developed IEPs and made informed recommendations for adjustments.

e Prepared lesson materials, bulletin board displays, exhibits and demonstrations to assist teachers in
classroom preparation.

AEQ BEHAVIOR THERAPIST 07/2017 to 03/2022
ACES | City, STATE

e Certified Registered Behavior Therapist with Credentials

e Provides mental health services to patients struggling with various behavioral problems, including post-
traumatic stress disorder, physical and emotional abuse. psychiatric disorders and substance abuse.

e Assembled, maintained and analyzed data gathered during student sessions, completed daily treatment
logs and consistently submitted timely written and verbal progress reports.

e Provided direct client care and group treatment while utilizing combinations of intensive teaching and
natural environment training arrangements.

e Designed, developed and updated specific social or communication programming for individual clients
according to presenting needs.

e Conducted neuropsychological assessments of intelligence, academic ability, attention, concentration,
sensorimotor function, language, learning and memory.

GFOIPHIC DESIGNER/UI/UX DESIGNER/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST 04/2016 to 11/2016
Firefighter Print & Design | City, STATE

e Worked within a 3 level team, media, print and graphics

e Learned the processes of printing colors and inks as well as machines

e Created business cards, invitations , brochures, banners and election material for public safety (police
and fire departments) as well as the senate and the governor of California.

e Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed process
improvements.

e Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.

e Increased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.

Bachelor of Science | Graphic Information Technology 12/2022
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ

e Magna cum laude graduate

« Phi Sigma Pi Member, High Honors

« Completed continuing education in Information Technology and Computer Science.
« 3.75 GPA

e Presidential List Honoree

« Dean's List Honoree Spring 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022. Fall 2020, 2021, 2022

e Student Google Developers Member

e Sun Devils Coders Member

e Twitch Developers Member

AsCociates of | Graphic Design 01/2016
Art Institute of California, Sacramento, CA
« Ranked in Top 2% of class

e 3.9GPA
e Dean's List Honoree

« Current Certifications in progress

« CompTIA A+ (Latest testing released April 2022)
« CompTIA Network +

« CompTIA Security +

« CCNA