JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Information Specialist adept in researching scientific and technical information requests. Resourceful, energetic and results-oriented multitasker.
Strong data collection, analysis and reporting skills. Interprets and relays highly technical information to various audiences while maintaining
integrity of data and findings.

SKILLS
e LAN protocols * Regulatory compliance
e Security protocols e Technical support
e Hardware installations e Inventory management
e End-user support * Quality assurance
* Software updates e Suicide and crisis intervention
¢ Confidential data management e Effective communication
e Device configuration e Ministry development
e Excellent interpersonal skills e Worship service assistance
¢ Document review e Public speaking
¢ Safety-oriented ¢ Computer skills
e [Regulatory agency] regulations e Risk assessment
* Network administration © Critical Thinking
¢ Contract management e Secret security clearance
¢ Problem-solving skills ¢ Troubleshooting
* Company policy adherence e Team leader
e Task Prioritization e HAZMAT training
e Project management e Strong leader
e Industry needs awareness ¢ Supply management
e Advanced computer proficiency © Quick learner
* Operations management e Human resources management
¢ Data collection ¢ Compelling presentation skills
e Reporting skills e Transportation specialist
e Part inspection e Trained in security
e Line checking e Training development
¢ Calibration expertise ¢ Conflict resolution
« Diagnostic abilities e Risk management
e Equipment regulation e Training and development
* Operational improvement e Employee coaching
e Staff supervision e [Type] security clearance
e Training e Overseeing building security
« Customer service * Security regulations compliance
¢ Documentation e Firewalls, VPNs and security products
e MS Office e IT security best practices
e Team building e Security vulnerability assessment
Work HIsTory

Information Technology Specialist, 06/2014 - Current
Marathon Petroleum Corporation — Charleston, WV

¢ Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users through desk side support services.

¢ Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment, laptops and video conferencing
equipment.

e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience.

e Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concerns.

¢ Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of release
fixes.

¢ Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.

¢ Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.

e Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows, Linux and Mac systems.

¢ Developed and maintained strong client relationships to ensure delivery of exceptional customer service and problem resolution.

¢ Performed contract and SLA oversight and facilitation of client needs to foster account growth.

e Trained end-users in use of [Software] and [Software].

¢ Provided solutions to operations issues for users of [System] and [Software], working closely via phone, email, live chat and web
teleconference with end users.

e Addressed all questions and concerms from end users regarding [Type] program.

e Established and revised database by conferring with analysts and programmers to code and retrieve data.

¢ Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision, mission and
purpose.

e Researched and analyzed information into briefing papers, reports and project papers.

* Delivered onsite technical support for [Number] employees.

e Engaged end users and answered questions via email, phone, website live chat and in forums.

e Identified potential risk update rollouts and developed resolution processes.

¢ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

Petroleum Supply Specialist (92F), 02/2012 - 06/2014
Army National Guard — North Kingstown, RI
¢ Logged all transactions in real time to keep tracking system updated.
e Supervised reception, storage and shipping of fuel.
e Inspected equipment, performed basic repairs and conducted scheduled maintenance actions.
¢ Regulated variables such as temperature and pressure to maintain optimal flow.
e Checked pipelines, connections and valves every {Timeframe}, lubricating connections and replacing worn parts.
* Conducted general housekeeping functions such as removing spills and organizing supplies.
* Completed basic maintenance and repairs on pumping equipment and lines.
e Telephoned and radioed team members to coordinate efficient and smooth pump operations.
¢ Took samples of products for further analysis and standardized testing.
* Circulated chemicals and solvents inside processing units each [Timeframe] to clean interiors.
¢ Performed daily evaluations of wells by measuring tank levels, checking flowlines and documenting pressures.
* Observed production operations, identified safety hazards and addressed problems to maintain safety for all personnel.
e Maintained well-calibrated systems to keep inspections accurate.
* Collaborated with other operators to synchronize product flow from pumphouses and control contamination.
e Inspected parts every [Timeframe] to assess quality and conformance with specifications.
* Observed and tracked information from gauges, instruments and meters to proactively identify and address issues.
*« Completed thorough measurements and sorted out defective parts.
e Tracked inspection results and submitted reports outlining data and highlighting deviations.
¢ Used automated measuring equipment and hand-held devices to evaluate production.
¢ Documented [Type] and [Type] information in daily logs to uphold company standards and meet regulatory recordkeeping requirements.

Chaplain Assistant, 02/2010 - 02/2012
Army National Guard — Pineville, LA
© Met with individuals, discussed issues compassionately and determined appropriate type of involvement to meet spiritual needs.
e Managed office and maintained records and files to offload administrative duties from chaplain.
* Provided spiritual and administrative leadership to church, including managing daily operations, developing and administering annual
budget, delivering compassionate pastoral care to community and leading worship services, ordinances, funerals and weddings.
© Officiated special services such as weddings, funerals, baptisms and nursing home services.
e Planned and conducted worship services, wrote sermons and worked with key church leaders to carry out church mission.
e Prepared daily, weekly and monthly situational reports for higher headquarters.
¢ Operated and maintained communications equipment.

e Reviewed disciplinary and other adverse actions and made recommendations.

Petroleum Supply Specialist (92F), 02/2009 - 06/2010
U.S. Army — City, STATE
e Logged all transactions in real time to keep tracking system updated.
e Supervised reception, storage and shipping of fuel.
e Inspected equipment, performed basic repairs and conducted scheduled maintenance actions.
e Regulated variables such as temperature and pressure to maintain optimal flow.
¢ Used [Type], [Type] and [Type] equipment to unload, move and load raw materials and parts.
* Conducted general housekeeping functions such as removing spills and organizing supplies.
* Completed basic maintenance and repairs on pumping equipment and lines.
¢ Telephoned and radioed team members to coordinate efficient and smooth pump operations.
* Took samples of products for further analysis and standardized testing.
© Circulated chemicals and solvents inside processing units each [Timeframe] to clean interiors.
* Performed daily evaluations of wells by measuring tank levels, checking flowlines and documenting pressures.
e Observed production operations, identified safety hazards and addressed problems to maintain safety for all personnel.
e Maintained well-calibrated systems to keep inspections accurate.
¢ Collaborated with other operators to synchronize product flow from pumphouses and control contamination.
e Inspected parts every [Timeframe] to assess quality and conformance with specifications.
e Observed and tracked information from gauges, instruments and meters to proactively identify and address issues.
¢ Documented [Type] and [Type] information in daily logs to uphold company standards and meet regulatory recordkeeping requirements.
¢ Completed thorough measurements and sorted out defective parts.
e Tracked inspection results and submitted reports outlining data and highlighting deviations.
e Checked pipelines, connections and valves every [Timeframe], lubricating connections and replacing worn parts.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Administration: Entrepreneurship
Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO

Associate of General Studies: 08/2015
Lone Star College System - Spring, TX

High School Diploma: Computer Repair, 01/2005
Old Dominion Job Corps Center - Monroe, VA