SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA XXX05
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Results-driven IT professional knowledgeable about hardware systems and software programs. Well-versed in a wide range of programs.

operating systems and platforms for desktops, laptops and mobile devices. Bringing a 17-year record of success in technical support and

equipment management.
SKILLS
¢ Software management e MS Office
e Network administration e Team management
« System diagnostics e Multitasking
e Equipment maintenance ¢ Problem resolution
e Time management ® Clerical
¢ Critical thinking e Basic math
e Friendly, positive attitude * Conflict resolution

¢ Communication

EXPERIENCE

03/2020 to Current Information Technology Technician
Benchmark Hospitality — South Beach, FL

e Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations, applying de-escalation techniques and
positive customer support.

e Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.

* Conducted end-user training and provided technical support on hardware, software and network issues.

e Researched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues
using available resources.

e Tested performance, functionality and security of network systems, individual workstations and peripheral devices.

e Coordinated ongoing performance assurance for software applications and automated performance test scripts.

« Devised automation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.

e Managed user profiles. security access and shared file structures.

e Troubleshot daily IT desktop client issues, supporting multiple departments and various offices.

e Handled large volume of phone calls, chat and emails in support of several systems

02/2018 to 02/2020 Information Technology Manager (Remote)
Benchmark Hospitality — Scottsdale, AZ

e Streamlined decision support reporting process by tailoring methodologies and meeting compliance requirements
through implementation of several initiative.

e Supervised and mentored several professionals, including project managers, QA engineers, operators, system
administrators and software engineers.

© Developed information technology budget, implementing cost-cutting initiatives to stay on track.

e Examined established systems for invoicing, accounting, reporting and data abilities and provided updates.

e Connected with customers to relate any system changes and integrate customer feedback into improvement
processes.

e Produced status reports for customers and senior management.

¢ Delivered consistent and quality mentoring, training and onboarding for teams of contractors and staff members.

e Hired, trained and managed employees, including preparing and conducting performance evaluations.

e Reviewed network policies and infrastructure to evaluate sub-optimal areas and develop solutions.

¢ Kept project teams on-task with proactive control of budgets, schedules and scopes.

e Created and enforced information technology budget.

¢ Implemented multiple software conversions, including desktop setup and staff training.

08/2002 to 02/2018 Information Technology Technician
Architectural Structures Limited — City, STATE

e Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.

¢ Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations, applying de-escalation techniques and
positive customer support.

© Collaborated with development team members to create and integrate high availability solutions for mission-critical
applications.

e Conducted end-user training and provided technical support on hardware, software and network issues.

¢ Performed continuous assessments of network structure, business content filters and security firewalls.

e Devised automation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.

¢ Managed user profiles, security access and shared file structures.

03/1999 to 07/2002 IT Data Analyst & Computer Programmer
University Of Lagos — City, STATE

¢ Formulated, defined and documented system specifications.

e Tested validity, accuracy and consistency of new and existing intelligence data.

e Improved reliability of supply chain software, systems, database and order processing.

¢ Completed quality assurance reviews to assess accuracy of data and validate results.

e Directed field studies and data collection to support sophisticated analysis.

¢ Mined data to uncover insights and identify market trends and inflection points.

e Established communication infrastructures, including LAN and WAN networks for communication and mobile
device applications.

e Organized subsystems to execute proper collection of data

e Prepared forecasts and identified trends through data analysis and tracking.

© Collected, tracked and organized data to evaluate current business and market trends.

e Defined naming standards for data warehouse to maintain consistent operations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2020 Associate of Science: IT Support/ Help Desk
Delaware County Community College - Media, PA

03/2010 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Lagos State University - Ojo

Webmaster And Web Management
National Institute Of Information Technology - India

04/2002 Associate of Arts: Computer and Management
University Of Lagos - Lagos

03/2000 Associate of Science: Data Processing
University Of Lagos - Lagos

Computer Application

University Of Lagos - Lagos

AcTIVITIES AND Honors