Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Links
¢ https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica- overton-iv-699770b9/

Professional Summary

Experienced technological veteran with expertise in coding, server management, networking, and computer/cellular/office/server
hardware troubleshooting. In possession of exceptional attention to detail, the ability to think critically, resilience, an insatiable thirst
for knowledge, and an infectious positive attitude. Knowledgeable in Java, C++, Linux, WAN & LAN, phone systems, as well as
computer configuration, technological support, and team building along with more than 5 years of quality customer service.

Skills
e Server maintenance e Typing (Alpha) 50+ WPM
¢ Remote support ¢ Technical Troubleshooting (8 years)
¢ Troubleshooting and resolution e In possession of working knowledge of
¢ Technical Documentation various networking and voice
e System Analysis protocols including, but not limited to:
¢ Remedial Training Oversight LDAP, AD, SSL Certificates, TCP/IP,
e Network security DHCP, VLAN, SIP, UDP, QoS, and
¢ Scripting skills VoIP
e Network infrastructure administration ® Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook,
¢ C++ Programming (1 year) Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Sharepoint, and
e Java Programming (2 years) Microsoft Access
e Linux (2 years) ¢ Office 365\ Active Directory \ Cisco Meraki Switch Admin
e Spanish(Intermediate) e Strong Written/Verbal Communication
¢ Macintosh OS e Process improvement
« MS-Office ¢ Reporting and documentation
¢ Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista * Critical thinking
/7/8/10 e Issue Analysis
« MS-DOS ¢ Customer rapport
e Cleared for Public Trust (Iss. March e Teamwork and collaboration
2018) ¢ Team training
e OSPF, RIP, BGF, DNS routing e TCP/IP protocol
protocols e Firewalls, VPNs and security products
* Cisco routing systems \Meraki Gear * ITIL training \ ITSM knowledge
¢ Layer 2 switching e Exposure to Powershell
¢ Router Configuration (5 years) e VMWare & VSphere
¢ Network Configuration (6 years) e« Change Management
¢ Computer Hardware (6 years) * Microsoft Exchange
¢ Proofpoint
¢ Confluence
e ManageEngine PMP, Desktop Central, and GoToAssist
e ADManager & ADAudit
Work History

Tier II Engineer, 03/2021 to Current
Charles River — Skokie, IL
e Creating, modifying, and disabling user accounts, groups, distributions, OUs, and access via Active Directory & Powershell
¢ Managing and provisioning Adobe licenses & phone services
¢ Handling all aspects from user-onboarding from account creation across multiple domains via Powershell to decommissioning,
immediate separations, and reaping of licenses while following retention protocol
¢ Providing on-site and remote technical support for employees and VIPs (CEO, CFO, CTO)
e Handling support team call flow via Cisco Jabber
¢ Actively auditing disabled user accounts
¢ Auditing and editing documentation to keep up to date for users and employees
¢ Creating, modifying, and removing users in DUO for MFA as well as Intune to allow access to company's management profile

and applications.

Information Technology Operations Engineer, 02/2019 to 03/2021
State Of New York — Middletown, NY

¢ Provided secondary training to personnel struggling with technological tools and systems.

¢ Executed troubleshooting and server support, including in-person and remote situations.

¢ Ensured that we, as a company, maintain PCI compliance through education and monthly patching via N-Able Solarwinds MSP
Patch Management

e Successfully reported PCI compliance status and exposing asset vulnerability per company asset via N-Able Solarwinds MSP
Reporting

¢ Implemented scripts to deploy various changes or files to be accessed locally through N-Able Solarwinds MSP

e Created/recorded KTs (Knowledge Transfer) training sessions/SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) for necessary/essential
processes for optimal business functionality

e Attended weekly meetings with VP of IT, CFO, and IT team either in person or via Microsoft Teams to discuss future company
goals, elaborate on projects to better service and collaborate to further the company as a whole

e Re-cabling via CAT6/CAT5/CATS5e ethernet/patch cables across various properties/troubleshooting connectivity issues to further
allow properties to continue delivering quality service

¢ Created, modified, and managed users’ information company-wide through Microsoft’s Active Directory

¢ Assisted in the decommissioning of Legacy Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows Server 2012 and implementation of AWS
servers to promote a higher level of security for sensitive information

e Custom built test labs fit with Meraki switches and firewalls to test software functionality for quality assurance company wide

e Managed and maintained the corporate/company-wide VPNs as well as supporting LANs, VLANs, & WLANs through
monitoring and troubleshooting cutting edge Cisco switches (i.e. MS225-24P, MS225-24P, MS120-8FP, MS125-24P), access points
(ie. MR74, MR30H), and firewalls (i.e. MX64W, MX65W, MX100) as well as through Unifi products and services through
Meraki's and Ubiquiti's GUIs

e Single-handedly migrated 120+ web domains from GoDaddy to Cloudflare (without the aid of an API). Maintaining website
functionality/health of all websites along with corporate marketing team

¢ Working knowledge of LDAP, RADIUS servers, etc.

¢ Provided day-to-day support to system users, educating employees on troubleshooting and problem-solving protocols.

¢ Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating systems, application software and system management tools.

¢ Provided firewall and VPN management, L2PT security protocol management, and incident response.

¢ Conducted security assessments and made recommendations for disaster recovery, remote access, network appliances, servers
and directory services security.

e Adhered to SLAs, exercising ITIL and ITSM knowledge to manage issues and projects.

e Executed troubleshooting and server support, including in-person and remote situations.

¢ Provided secondary training to personnel struggling with technological tools and systems.

IT Analyst, 02/2018 to 02/2019
Voxai Solutions — City, STATE
¢ Monitored and troubleshot corporate servers/databases via Remote Desktop Connection, Icinga, and Solution Control Interface.
e Assisted and lead network/software patching efforts for various clients, positively affecting overall business efficiency.
¢ Actively created documents via Microsoft Excel/Microsoft Word and applying hands-on training to assist in the training of new
hires.
¢ Utilized/troubleshot Genesys software such as Palladion, Speechminer, and Advisors to deliver top-tier customer service by
ensuring proper business functionality.
e Created/recorded KTs (Knowledge Transfer) training sessions for necessary processes for optimal business functionality.
e Acted as administrator for various businesses via Configuration Manager by allowing/denying access to various users, creating
user credentials for use over Genesys mainframe.
¢ Provided end-user support through various channels and tracked incidents using the ServiceNow ticketing system.
¢ Actively edited and executed SQL scripts via Microsoft SOL Server Management Studio (SSMS).
¢ Utilized knowledge of Linux to access Red Hat Linux servers to engage in necessary troubleshooting.
¢ Generated and created reports to assist our clients’ leadership to better help observe company growth or downturn.
¢ Created and monitored test calls through Cyara to maintain stellar call quality via proper call routing/network handshakes
between various servers from consumer to agent.
¢ In possession of working knowledge of various networking and voice protocols including, but not limited to: LDAP, AD, SSL
Certificates, TCP/IP, DHCP, VLAN, SIP, UDP, QoS, and VoIP.

Command Center /TJX New POS Project Agent, 06/2017 to 08/2017
Fujitsu — City, STATE
e Established long-lasting camaraderie with peers, technicians, and superiors.
¢ Communicated with peers and superiors through various channels in a clear, concise, and succinct manner.
¢ Ensured that the on-site technicians received software based support to supplement the hardware aspects of the installation to
successfully implement the POS.
« Remotely logged into technology on-site and ensured users were able to utilize services necessary to carry out transactions
throughout the business day.
¢ Verified network communications were viable throughout installation to prevent potential data loss throughout installation
process.
¢ Created clear yet information dense ServiceNow tickets for future teammates, lessening the amount of time needed to search for
required information for teammates to complete given tasks in a time efficient manner.
¢ Secured files from outdated POS to allow EOD (End of Day) sales polling to successfully run on new XStore POS, preventing loss

of data and revenue for client.

Assistant Network Administrator, 09/2011 to 10/2012
Lantex Corporation — City, STATE
¢ Configured networks, desktops, laptops and printer to support clients’ business functionality.
¢ Resolved technical issues for clients via in person, phone, remotely,and/or through email to assure clients’ businesses ability to
operate properly.
¢ Provided internal office support for all office software applications and validate licensing, ensuring that all applications were
being properly used within specified terms of agreement.
¢ Configured modems, routers, and wireless fidelity necessary for clients’ functionality and ability to do business.
¢ Successfully implemented automatic data backups of essential data at clients’ request, securing the safety of the lifeblood of the

client.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Computer Engineering

The University of Texas At Arlington - Arlington, TX
e Continuing education in Computer Science
¢ Minor in English