PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Articulate, detail focused and driven to succeed. Strategic planning and client relationship management.

e Results-oriented « Organized
e Quick learner e Unsurpassed work ethic
e Computer proficient e Relationship building
e Creative Problem Solving ¢ Troubleshooting
e Multi-Task Management e Time management skills
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER 09/2015 to CURRENT

Salvation Army Usa | Kankakee, IL

e Plan, initiate, and manage information technology (IT) projects.

e Lead and guide the work of technical staff.

e Serve as liaison between business and technical aspects of projects.

e Plan project stages and assess business implications for each stage.

e Monitor progress to assure deadlines, standards, and cost targets are met.
e Define project deliverables and monitor status of tasks.

e Collaborate with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
e Monitor team progress and enforced deadlines.

CFKCLDCARE WORKER 06/2074 to 09/2015
Black Hills State University | City, STATE

e Attend to children at childcare institution.

e Perform a variety of tasks, such as dressing, feeding, bathing, and overseeing play.

e |had my own class of 6 one-year-olds. | was responsible for every aspect of their day.

e Employed a variety of materials for children to explore and manipulate in learning activities and
imaginative play.

e Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child's activities.

¢ Carefully identified warning signs of emotional and developmental problems in children.

e Created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum.

« Upheld all CPR and South Dakota regulated certifications.

e Offered stimulating curriculum that accommodated all learning styles.

e Supervised circle time, free play, outside play and learning and developmental activities.

CKIF/HEAD COOK 02/2012 to 06/2014
Good Earth Natural Foods | City, STATE

e Directed and participated in the preparation, seasoning, and cooking of salads, soups. fish, meats,
vegetables, desserts, or other foods.

e Planned and priced menu items, ordered supplies, and kept records and accounts.

e Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format.

e Systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes.

e Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and
safety requirements.

e Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.

e Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners' praise.

e Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints.

e Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and budgetary
considerations.

Bachelor of Science | Speech Pathology/Audiology 08/01/1999
University of Wyoming, Laramie, WY

Minor in Spanish
GPA: 3.4

Hig.A School Diploma 05/01/1994
Natrona County High School, Casper, WY
GPA: 3.2