JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Visionary and highly-motivated senior-level IT Leader with over 20 years experience in IT infrastructure and operations, enterprise architecture,
information security, software development, service management, data management, and project management. Passionate about aligning
technology and data with business strategy and goals to leverage technology for a competitive advantage and efficiencies. Proven track record
of developing and leading cross-functional teams and driving transformational change. Successful demonstration of developing high

performance and innovative teams.

SKILLS

e Strategic and Tactical IT Planning e Project and Program Management
e Technology and Data Governance e IT Process Development and Management
e System Architecture and Design e Large scale technology deployments
e Team Building and Leadership e Customer Service Excellence
e Lead and Develop Cross-Functional Teams e Recruiting and Staffing Initiatives for IT
e IT Service Management e IT Financial Management and Contract Negotiation
e Align technology with business objectives e IT Budgeting

Work HIsToRyY

Vice President Of Information Technology, 06/2013 - Current
Akoustis Technologies, Inc. — Farmington, NY
Senior IT leader for multi-state healthcare organization. Responsible for collaborating with senior management to align technology and data
with business strategy. Provides vision and direction for strategic and operational activities of IT department and Information Security Office.
¢ Lead IT department consisting of IT infrastructure and operations, software development, help desk, IT services, data management,
business intelligence, Health IT, information security, and governance
* Provide leadership for direction, purchase, development, and support of technologies in alignment with organization's strategy and in
partnership with business owners.
* Responsible for establishing and monitoring IT strategy, tactical plans, and department Key Performance Metrics
¢ Develop and manage IT budget
* Lead technology program of Mosaic's strategic plan; cascade and align business vision and strategy to IT department; lead Technology &
Data Governance Steering Committee
e Developed and lead IS&T Center of Excellence
¢ Lead digital transformation across organization to support business strategy and quality service delivery.
* Organize and lead cross-functional steering committees: (1) technology and data and (2) Health IT to provide sponsorship and oversight of
standards, policies, practices, and initiatives
* Cultivate and maintain key relationships with partners and vendors

Associate Vice President / Director Of Information, 01/2005 - 06/2013
Saic (Science Applications Int.) — Flexwork, VA
e Managed IT Services and IT Infrastructure and Operations teams.
¢ Responsible for management, implementation, and support of technology at Mosaic.
© Led project and team to implement IT help desk software build on IT Infrastructure (ITIL) framework.
e Managed project and designed Quality Management system for operations and quality assurance.
e Managed project and designed strategic and vital sign scorecard.
¢ Developed approach and managed project implementing electronic timekeeping system and eliminating all paper time cards. Led process
improvement effort focused on reducing error, reducing re-work, and saving time.
¢ Developed approach and managed program implementing electronic health record system across ten states, including records for around
3,700 individuals in service.
¢ Developed approach and managed project to migrate email and calendar system from on-premise Microsoft Exchange server to Google
Apps.
e Managed project and IT team to implement and deploy custom built Linux file server with NoMachine terminal server and Linux end
points.

IT Project Manager, 01/2002 - 12/2004

Mosaic — City, STATE
« Managed PeopleSoft HCM Upgrade from 7.5 to 8.3
« Managed PeopleSoft Financials Upgrade from 7.5 to 8.4
e Managed various IT projects

EDUCATION

MBA: 03/2006
Baker College - Online

Bachelor of Science: Management Information Systems, 12/2001
University of Nebraska - Omaha, NE

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Effectively transitioned our corporate office staff to work from home in a matter of days during the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.
¢ Led and managed IT workstream for over five acquisitions to include development of the playbook and related process guides.

e Provided the vision and implemented Technology & Data Governance to manage and govern technology and data across the organization.
* Developed Business Case and Proposal for digital transformation of our core back-office applications.

e Managed Program to implement electronic health record system. Established and lead the EHR/Health IT Steering Committee.

CERTIFICATIONS

PMP Project Management Professional
ITIL v4 Foundation

COBIT 2019 Foundation

TOGAF (in progress)