SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seasoned IT professional with exceptional leadership and project management skills. Well-organized,
systematic and diplomatic in building consensus and spearheading teams. Specialize in Team Building,
planning and implementation.

« Team Collaboration e Customer Service
« Documentation Management « Active Listening
« Teamwork and Collaboration e Training & Development
« Project Coordination « Conflict Resolution
e Agile Work Processes e Team Management
« Security Improvements e Team Building
« Good Work Ethic e Supervision & Leadership
e Reliable & Trustworthy e Planning & Organizing
e Critical Thinking « Problem-Solving
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER 10/2022 to CURRENT

Peraton | Linthicum Heights, MD

e Maintained knowledge of advances in information technology systems and applications.

e Met with stakeholders to collaborate and resolve problems.

e Provided company users with tech support for IT problems and account maintenance.

e Evaluated organization's technology to recommend upgrades for hardware and software.

e Installed and supported hardware and software for desktops, servers and printers.

e Worked closely with end users to solve problems related to hardware and software.

e Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles.

e Assigned tasks to associates to fit skill levels and maximize team performance.

e Recruited and hired qualified candidates to fill open positions.

e Led team meetings and one-on-one coaching sessions to continuously improve performance.

e Communicated company directives and programs to associates and ensured all follow-up items were
completed accurately and timely.

e Leveraged leadership skills to identify deficiencies and opportunities to improve policies, procedures
and controls.

e Minimized staff turnover through appropriate selection, orientation and training.

e Monitored staff performance and addressed issues.

e Enhanced team member performance through use of strategic and tactical approaches, motivational
coaching and training.

e Exercised good judgment and decision-making in escalating concerns and resolving issues.

e Entered time and attendance logs in preparation for payroll.

e Enforced customer service standards and resolved customer problems to uphold quality service.

e Leda team of 40+ employees

DEOKTOP ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR 06/2015 to 10/2017
Nelson Mullins Riley | Columbia, SC

e Supervised and motivated engineering team members to surpass timeline and quality targets.

e Maintained high standard of work quality by monitoring team performance and proactively correcting
identified deficiencies.

e Coordinated projects at different stages with simultaneous deadlines and fast-paced schedules.

e Worked effectively with stakeholders to address and resolve issues with desktop engineering work.

e Met with users, vendors and technicians to determine computing requirements.

e Developed data security and disaster recovery procedures.

e Provided company users with tech support for IT problems and account maintenance.

e Maintained knowledge of advances in information technology systems and applications.

¢ Met with stakeholders to collaborate and resolve problems.

e Recruited, trained and supervised IT department staff.

e Procured IT resources for strategic and operational computing requirements.

e Trained employees on additional job positions to maintain coverage of roles.

e Recruited and hired qualified candidates to fill open positions.

e Monitored staff performance and addressed issues.

e Led team meetings and one-on-one coaching sessions to continuously improve performance.

e Minimized staff turnover through appropriate selection, orientation and training.

e Exercised good judgment and decision-making in escalating concerns and resolving issues.

e Lead a team of & employees.

DEOKTOP ENGINEER 01/2015 to 06/2015
Department Of Technology And Information | City, STATE

e Oversaw daily performance of computer use and maintenance.

e Troubleshot desktop and notebook issues with clients and Agency employees.

e Performed maintenance on 5000 desktop computers.

e Assisted end users with diagnostics to resolve issues.

e Provided software support and general technical solutions for operational, database and security
requirements in applications.

e Resolved service requests by individually troubleshooting and addressing user issues.

e Evaluated software testing, deployment and updates to maintain compliance with organizational
mandates.

e Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting
tasks.

e Provided senior technical support to both in-house staff and user departments for network applications.

.) High School Diploma 06/2079

Lake Forrest High School, Felton, DE

InfOmation Technology
Delaware Technical Community College, Dover, DE

e Highly skilled at building high performing teams.

« Led teams with multiple employees and teams of the year while at Department of Technology.

e Recognized for outstanding work by the Governor multiple times.

« Led team to achieve Team of the Year, earning recognition from upper management and financial
reward.

« Promoted from Desktop Engineer to Desktop Engineering Supervisor, in less than 12-months.

« MD-100 Certified by Microsoft Training - 2019
« Completed Leadership Essentials Training - 2021
« Dell Certified Systems Expert (DCSE) - 2019