JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated Information Technology Analyst offering more than 4 years of hospitality experience, providing in-depth knowledge of hospitality
software and operations for the following departments: Front Office, Housekeeping, Engineering, Security, and Information Technology.

HIGHLIGHTS

e Exceptional customer service ¢ M-Tech's HotSOS software Expert
e Exceptional communicator e Extensive M-Tech's REX software experience
e Exceptional at multitasking e Micros's OPERA PMS. End of Day, and Configuration experience
e Exceptional project manager e Citric Reserve Experience
e Exceptional computer proficiency ¢ Morse Watchman's Key Watcher and Tour Pro configuration
e Exceptional writer/document builder experience
e Front Office experience e Extensive MS Office experience
e Housekeeping experience e PC Software & Hardware experience
e Engineering experience e Mac Software & Hardware experience
e Security experience e IOS Software & Hardware experience
¢ Information Technology experience

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Earmed “Employee of the Month” at Hyatt Regency Wichita.

e Earmed “Employee of the Month” at Hyatt Regency New Orleans.

e Played a key role in the development and role out of the 'HotSOS We Care’ program: resulting in more effective, accurate, and efficient
follow-up of guest concerns.

¢ Created the 3 Primary M-Tech HotSOS manuals used in Hyatt Hotels: HotSOS Manual, H2Go Manual, HotSOS Operational Programs
Manual

* Created many procedural documents used for Rooms operations

EXPERIENCE

Information Technology Analyst, 02/2013 - Current
Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc. — Colorado Springs, CO
¢ Responsible for providing technical support to hotel guests, associates and management with hotel technology systems and hardware.
¢ Install and maintain hotel IT hardware and software in accordance with brand standards.
¢ Utilize defined processes, procedures and protocols to uphold the security, structure and integrity of hotel networks and systems.
e Perform required IT maintenance and upgrades with minimal disruption to hotel operations, and maintain proper backups for supported
systems.
e Focus on the day-to-day availability and functionality of IT systems in the hotel and resolve standard user issues.
¢ Develop and use access controls to prevent unauthorized access, modification, disclosure, misuse, manipulation, or destruction of systems,
networks, applications and data
e Plan. assess. monitor, deploy and report the state of compliance and any required mitigation and remediation activities (e.g., PCI, SOX,
Data Privacy, etc.)
* Provide timely technical support to users, restore service and/or identify and resolve problems
e Provide regular monitoring of platform and system activities, isolating problems and determining their cause

Night Auditor, 11/2012 - Current
Affinity Gaming — Osceola, LA
* Roll business systems into the next business day
e Audit business reports
e Assemble audit package
e Act as the night MOD and front office staff
¢ Coordinate the completion of guest needs with overnight guest request personnel
¢ Daily use of Micros OPERA, Saflok, and Citrix Reserve

Guest Request (HotSOS) Coordinator, 02/2012 - 02/2013
Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd — Dixon, CA
e Function as the primary build expert to configure, build, and install the guest request application (HotSOS).
e Perform in-depth and precise investigation and documentation of current and future operational functionality of the guest request
application.
e Have in-depth knowledge of the software application as well as understand the policies, procedures, and constraints of the hotel operation
supported by the guest request application.
¢ Develop and document internal procedures, collected information, and prepared specifications on system enhancements.
e Analyze the functionality of the guest request application while doing testing of operational systems.
¢ Develop user training aids and assisted in training the end-user in work flow and use of the guest request application.
e Primary contact to troubleshoot problems and questions from end-users during training, go-live and stabilization periods.
e Analyze the data being provided by the guest request application in order to enhance the efficiency of hotel operations.
¢ Monitor the guest request application, and ensured that all departments are providing timely responses to orders.
e Daily use of M-Tech HotSOS, M-Tech REX, and Micros OPERA

Front Desk Agent/Rooms Control, 08/2011 - 02/2012
Hyatt Regency New Orleans — City, STATE
e Responsible for the efficient operation of the rooming process including arrangements such as the pre-blocking, pre-registration and final
check-in of guests based upon time of arrival and special requests.
¢ Posted charges and settled folios for individuals and groups as well as resolved due-outs and completed express check-outs.
¢ Provided direction and support for front line Front Desk Agents.
e Maintained an exceptional relationship with Housekeeping staff.
e Maintained accuracy within accommodation availability.
e Ensured that customer's concerns were handled in an effective, prompt and courteous manner.
« Demonstrated a positive demeanor to customers, both internal and external, at all times.
e Daily use of Micros OPERA, Saflok, Citrix Reserve, and M-Tech HotSOS

Security Agent, 05/2009 - 08/2011
Hyatt Regency Wichita — City, STATE
* Oversaw the safety and security of the hotel and guests throughout the evening hours.
e Conducted security walks throughout the hotel property and responded to guest requests and any noise complaints.
¢ Problem solved and troubleshooted in order to resolve guest issues and responded appropriately to emergency situations.
e Acted as the overnight guest request personnel
e Daily use of, and configuration knowledge for Morse Watchman Key Watcher and Tour Pro software

NAVY Seal Candidate, 09/2008 - 2009
United States Navy — City, STATE
¢ Promoted to Section Leader; Special Operations Warfare Division (SEAL DIVISION #802)
e Navy Seal Training consisted of rigorous physical and mental exercises daily
e Trained in discipline and structuring of life
e CPR / Choking Prevention training
e Firearm / Weapons Safety training

EDUCATION

Exercise Science
Wichita State University - Wichita, KS
e 3.5 GPA