JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Trained in technical support and infrastructure management. Knowledgeable about supporting users with in-person and remote assistance.
Quality-driven and self-motivated individual with a superior work ethic and diligent nature. Skilled multitasker with superior work ethic and
good teamwork, problem-solving and organizational skills. Willing to take on any task to help team. Reliable and dedicated team player with
hardworking and resourceful approach. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level
marketing/social media internship position. Ready to help team achieve company goals. Organized and dependable candidate successful at
managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Has knowledge in
analytics assessment and offering exceptional writing skills. Promoting strong work ethic.

SKILLS

e System Backups and Dumps e Network Topology
*« Computer Validation e IT Systems Support
e Recovery Plans Documentation ¢ Computer Terminal Operations
e Network Hardware and Software Maintenance ¢ Microsoft Outlook
e System Monitoring e Database Skills
e File Transfer e Data and Trend Forecasting
¢ Information Tracking e Adobe Systems Adobe Dreamweaver
e Upgrade Implementation ¢ Marketing Analytics
e Eagerness to Learn New Technologies e Data Visualization
e Data Building and Modeling * Google Drive
*« Computer Repair ¢ Computer Proficiency
¢ Web Application Design © Microsoft Visual Basic
e System Start-Ups and Shutdowns e Graphic Design
e Hardware Installation e Apple macOS
* Peripheral Device Configuration ¢ Developing Presentations and Reports
e Information Security * Microsoft SharePoint
e Strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills ¢ Microsoft Excel
© Server Problem Identification ¢ Microsoft Office
¢ Computer Operating Systems e Grammatical Skills
e Bug Reports ¢ Product Marketing
¢ Problem Analysis e Pricing Strategies
e Database Design © Marketing Mix
¢ Help Desk Support e Marketing and Advertising
e User Account Management * Creating Proposals
e New Technology Evaluations © Problem-Solving
¢ Client Support e Tableau
e System Documentation e Writing

Work HIsTory

Information Technology Intern, 07/2021 - Current
Cuna Mutual Group — Memphis, TN
e Maintained all district servers.
¢ Collaborated with other interns on school-wide projects to meet program requirements and demonstrate skills development.
e Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.
¢ Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.
e Handled computer system troubleshooting and provided technical support to entire team for computer operations.
* Coordinated with IT teams to resolve advanced computer software and hardware problems.
¢ Followed work orders precisely to identify equipment needed, materials required and sequences to correctly completing assignments.
¢ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.
* Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.
e Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows, Linux and Mac systems.
« Managed program errors with analytical approach focused on troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving each problem.

Interlibrary Loan Assistant, 02/2021 - 12/2021
Sands Of Kahana — Lahaina, HI
¢ Kept library shelves and printed materials well-stocked and organized according to established system.
* Catalogued and sorted books and library materials.
e Maintained and updated patron records in library system database.
e Assisted patrons with operation of library photocopiers, microfiche and audio/visual equipment.
e Showed patrons where to find library resources and collected equipment, reference pieces and other items.
e Mitigated librarian workload by independently managing basic patron requests and locating materials.
¢ Helped patrons to complete forms for library card issuance.
¢ Processed customer fines and educated individual patrons on ways to minimize future charges.
¢ Communicated with other local and regional branches to locate materials for inter-library loans.
¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
e Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
® Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

Cashier , 07/2020 - 02/2021
Military Drive-Thru — City, STATE
¢ Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with excellent accuracy levels.
e Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.
¢ Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.
e Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.
e Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.
e Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.
e Maintained secure cash drawers, promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals.
e Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.
* Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.
e Checked identification for proof-of-age for alcohol and tobacco sales.
© Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.
© Operated cash register to record transactions accurately and efficiently.
e Maintained current knowledge of store promotions and highlighted sales to customers.

EDUCATION

BBA: Marketing Management And Research And Comm., 05/2024
Muskingum University - New Concord, OH

e Dean's List FA 20, SP 21, FA 21, SP 22

e 3.951 GPA

e Ranked in Top 35% of class