SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE ()

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Focused on applying strong evidence-based/research skills toward improving data management,
organization, reporting and informatics structure. Solid background with healthcare and academia while
possessing the ability to learn new systems, processes and procedures quickly fo maximize contributions.
Highly prudent, diligent, collaborative and goal-oriented.

¢ Speaking ¢ Learning Strategies

e Reading Comprehension ¢ Emotional Intelligence

« Document Management System Software e Project Management

e Coordination ¢ Data Design

e Active Learning e Integrating Research/Evidence-Based Practice
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER 08/2018 to CURRENT

Department Of Homeland Security | Lawton, OK

e Produced status reports for customers and senior management.

e Identified, addressed and either resolved or escalated project issues.

e Defined scopes, managed resources and oversaw schedules in line with stakeholder and project owner
specifications.

e Delivered 5-6 projects per year with consistent record of meeting timeline, scope and budget
requirements.

e Maintained close connection with project personnel to quickly identify and resolve problems.

ACOUNCT NURSING CLINICAL INSTRUCTOR 08/2006 to CURRENT
Houston Methodist | Nassau Bay, TX

« Committed passionately to student development through hands-on training.

e Continuously improved course curricula, content and materials to maintain currency with changing
demands and technological advancements.

e Evaluated students to identify knowledge gaps and conduct thorough assessments.

e Supervised student laboratory and clinical work, offering knowledgeable advice to advance learning and
abilities.

e Remained current in instructional methods and evidence-based. best practice nursing concepts and
impact such concepts place on nursing program students' education.

e Completed 64 hours per month/per semester of direct patient care activities to maximize clinical
expertise.

e Helped students make optimal educational and career choices to maximize learning and long-term
vocational benefits.

CLONICAL INFORMATICS ANALY ST IV 09/2007 to 08/2018
Champlain Valley Physicians Hospital | City, STATE

e Implemented clinical system requirements, including data release formats, delivery schedules and
testing protocols to confer with end users.

e Supported upgrades and migration of databases by completing user acceptance tests.

e Supported Soarian Clinicals by overseeing database design, deployment and finalization.

e Defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.

¢ Collaborated with others to discuss new documentation opportunities.

RESISTERED NURSE 06/2001 to 09/2007
Champlain Valley Physicians Hospital | City, STATE

e Coordinated care with physicians and other clinical staff to prepare for treatment, carry out
interventions and enhance continuum of care to deliver comprehensive services.

e Monitored and recorded patient condition, vital signs, recovery progress and medication side effects.

e Updated physicians on patient test results and assisted in developing care plans.

e Designed strategies to resolve nursing and patient satisfaction issues, improve response and patient
care quality and propose plans to enhance quality and safety initiatives hospital-wide.

e Trained and mentored new RNs on best practices. hospital policies and standards of care.

e Guided therapeutic communication, conflict resolutions and interventions by deflecting undesirable
behaviors to assist patients with developing and amplifying coping skills.

e Completed daily chart audits and assessed clinical records to verify accuracy, evaluate performance
against goals and check for appropriate education of patients and families.

e Trained new RN hires and ancillary staff members to meet patient service goals, champion standards of
care and improve patient overall satisfaction.

Master of Science | Nursing Informatics 2020
Excelsior College, Albany, NY

Ba-helor of Science | Nursing 2006
SUNY College At Plattsburgh, Plattsburgh, NY

AsCociate of Science | Nursing 2001
Clinton Community College, Plattsburgh, NY

N\.3 Practical Nurse Certificate | Nursing 1996
Champlain Valley Educational Services (CEWW BOCES), Plattsburgh, NY

e Accepted invitation as guest speaker at Clinton Community College's Nursing Capping & Pinning
Ceremony (2018)

« Nomination for the Healthcare Association of New York State (HANYS) Pinnacle Award for Quality &
Patient Safety (2018)

« Development of The Sustainability Practice Model and Certificate of Achievement following the
completion of the Felis Nurse Scholars Program (2017)

« Received Certificate of Achievement after attending Nursing Informatics Boot Camp (2016)

« Received First Place Presentation Award at the 9th Annual Nursing Research & Evidence-Based
Practice Symposium (2017)

« Received Certificate of Achievement after attending Project Management Boot Camp (2017)