Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road,
. : . . ama ;
Information Technology Specialist/Netwot (123-456-7899

se info@qwikresume.com
Administrator
SKILLS
PERSONAL STATEMENT TSQL, Technical Support-
Goal-oriented professional who has 4 Master of Science Degree in Tier 1,2,3, Programming,
Computer Systerns with an emphasis in Computer prograrnming (C++), Perl, C, Web
Ability to break down and simplify complex issues providing options to Development, Website
improve and/or simplify process and methods Design, Web Services,
Unix Administration,
WORK EXPERIENCE Windows Administration,
Linux Administration,
Information Technology Specialist/Network Administrator Network Administration,
ABC Corporation- January 2015 - Present Systern Administration.
Responsibilities:
* Monitoring the progress of work on day-to-day operations and
maintenance projects and advising senior management of delays, LANGUAGES
problems, schedule changes, alterations, and other activities which may English (Native)
cause delays inthe projects completion. French (Professional)
* Qverseeing the work of contractors engaged in design, installation, and Spanish (Professional)
construction of cormmunications facilities.
« Advising management of any problerns or Irregularities between the INTERESTS
work being done andthe specifications of the contract.
= Reviewing and concurring or rejecting all quotes/ acquisitions for labor, Climbing
materials, equipment, hardware, software, and other supplies that may piiotgtig ts
be needed for a custorners day to day project requests prior to Reading
presentation to the Bureau customer for funding.
« Serving as a liaison between the DTD and Business Cperations
Management branches for Government senior management. REFERENCES
* Installing, configuring, and upgrading commonly used hardware and _
software systems. Reference - 1 (Company
= Providing IT customer service and support in troubleshooting, Phi - 2 (Company
recovering and resolving recurring software/hardware problems. Name) ;

Lead Information Technology Specialist
ABC Corporation- April 2006 - March 2014
Responsibilities:

* Responded to internal and external customer technical support
helpdesk requests for computer workstation hardware and software,
telephone, network, operating systern, printing, and Intemet access
problerns. Logs, monitors, and tracks end-user requests, suspected
policy and security violations and/or other issues identified by end-
users.

= Investigated User problerns and identified their source, determined
possible solutions, tests, and Implernented solutions.

= Closed requests after the solution are resolved or Implemented and it Is
determined that requestor |s satisfied.

* Performed installations, upgrades, moves, and changes for computer
workstation hardware and software, printers and other peripheral

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines