Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Intelligent IT Manager with 19-year record of leadership experience in areas such as infrastructure development and management,
application support and security optimization. Focused on satisfying customer needs through robust, innovative and forward-
thinking solutions. Demonstrated success as operational leader, articulate communicator and practiced influencer. Collaborates
across functions to outline and achieve project targets. Skilled in building solid business solutions based on methodologies and
engineering principles. Complex problem-solver skilled in developing proposals, integrating technologies and managing projects.

Skills
e Education Technology e Technology Best Practices
e In-Class Lectures e Disaster Recovery Planning
e Academic Advisement e Technical Support and Assistance
¢ Online Class Discussion * User Research
¢ Class Organization ¢ Critical Thinking
e Lesson Development e Attention to Detail
¢ Virtual and Cloud Technologies e Requirements Analysis
¢ Hardware Installation and Maintenance e Team Training
¢ Software Installation and Maintenance ¢ Relationship Building
¢ Technical Documentation and Reporting e System Testing
¢ Communication and Team Collaboration e Code Development
e Data and Systems Architecture e Team Management
e System and Network Security e Customer Service
e Troubleshooting and Diagnosis e Microsoft Office
e Application Administration ¢ Active Listening

Experience

Adjunct Professor of Information Technology, 07/2022 to Current
Kord Technologies — Dahlgren, VA
¢ Fostered classroom environment conducive to learning and building character.
e Prepared, administered and graded exams and assignments to evaluate student progress.
¢ Delivered course lectures using modern technology to enhance student comprehension.
e Assisted students in achieving completion of learning objectives.
¢ Designed exams, lecture material and writing assignments.
¢ Created lesson plans and developed instructional materials covering required topics and learning objectives.
e Implemented different teaching styles to meet needs of diverse student population.

Senior Systems Engineer, 11/2016 to Current
Lockheed Martin Corporation — Clearfield, UT
¢ Gathered and evaluated business requirements for diverse range of projects.
¢ Developed procedures and standards for document control and aided in implementation.
¢ Performed root cause analysis of problems, documented faults in tracking system and generated daily reports.
¢ Provided status updates to keep upper management informed and to reach goals.
e Analyzed systems performance data to identify inefficiencies.
e Planned, implemented and integrated updated system-oriented projects.
¢ Handled troubleshooting tasks for Local Area Networks, Wide Area Networks and voice systems to reduce network connectivity
problems.
¢ Performed root cause analysis and created corrective action strategies to mitigate risks.
e Suggested initiatives to improve remote access performance, including software and hardware upgrades.
¢ Streamlined procedures by automating arduous tasks to increase efficiency.
¢ Studied network security logs to identify and eliminate outside and internal threats.
¢ Streamlined production operations, resulting in 60% increase in productivity.

Staff Systems Engineer, 02/2015 to 10/2015
Imperva — Salt Lake City, UT
¢ Maintained and resolved issues with complex infrastructure through monitoring and troubleshooting.
e Wrote technical documentation for use in training manuals and support materials.
e Tested systems during each step of implementation and deployment processes.
¢ Recommended improvements to technical practices to enhance operations.
e Identified departmental needs and suggested technical direction enhancements.

Systems Architect, 02/2014 to 11/2014
Ntt Data Corporation — Dacula, GA
¢ Performed design, troubleshooting and integration services to maintain in-place systems.
¢ Worked with clients to develop and customize technology solutions according to specific business requirements.
¢ Designed, optimized and integrated business processes across disparate systems.
e Determined scope of projects based on objectives and specifications.
¢ Created customized infrastructure for businesses.
¢ Defined technical integration strategy and developed integration plans.

Information Technology Consultant, 08/2013 to 07/2014
Ntt Data Corporation — Decatur, GA
¢ Managed equipment placement, power management, infrastructure expansion, security and data center modifications.
¢ Helped companies take advantage of current technology to improve business processes and productivity.
¢ Improved IT infrastructure, help desk, sales, account management and service operations.
e Supervised IT procedures for asset liquidations and acquisitions.
¢ Created and executed policies, procedures and training for network resource administration and business continuity.

¢ Researched network products, services and protocols to identify best offerings for future network development.

Information Technology Consultant, 06/2011 to 08/2013

Department Of Health And Human Services — Peridot, AZ
¢ Managed equipment placement, power management, infrastructure expansion, security and data center modifications.
e Supervised IT procedures for asset liquidations and acquisitions.
¢ Monitored client computer network operations, from planning and budgeting to installation, maintenance and support.
e Tracked project-related expenses and hours to assist time-sensitive planning and budget considerations.
e Supervised upgrades to infrastructure and remedied problems that arose with end-user hardware and software.

¢ Monitored IT architecture for large enterprise, assessing current operations to identify potential process improvements.

Information Technology Specialist, 05/2009 to 06/2011
Jle Industries — Aliso Viejo, CA
e Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.
¢ Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.
e Maintained and controlled server room, wireless network and server infrastructure.
¢ Maintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.
e Tested performance, functionality and security of network systems, individual workstations and peripheral devices.

¢ Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.

Information Technology Support Specialist, 01/2007 to 02/2009
Jle Industries — Alix, AR
¢ Tackled troubleshooting and problem resolution to support end-user technical issues.
¢ Monitored IT use to maintain compliance with established processes, policies and guidelines.
e Supported customers with online billing, access and account issues.
¢ Worked with internal teams to deliver accurate information to customers and service accounts.

¢ Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed process improvements.

Information Technology Support Specialist, 06/2003 to 10/2007
United States Army — City, STATE
¢ Tackled troubleshooting and problem resolution to support end-user technical issues.
¢ Worked with internal teams to deliver accurate information to customers and service accounts.
* Monitored IT use to maintain compliance with established processes, policies and guidelines.
¢ Reviewed requests for service to resolve IT difficulties, documenting and fielding tickets to improve problem resolution.

¢ Demonstrated advanced product knowledge to solve customer issues.

Education and Training

Doctoral: Computer Technology Management, 06/2021
Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO
e Dissertation: Integrating a Cloud Infrastructure into a Retail Environment

Master of Science: Management Information Systems, 06/2009
Bowie State University - Bowie, MD

Bachelor of Science: Management Information Systems, 06/2006
University of Maryland - College Park - College Park, MD

Associate of Arts: Computer Science, 06/2004
University of Maryland - College Park - College Park, MD