JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. © City, State ¢ M0000 ¢ 222.222.2222 © empil@address.com

PROFILE

LT. DIRECTOR * SENIOR MANAGER
Focused on providing value to clients in intensely-competitive industries

Offering a career chronicled by well-camed promotions at an industry leader that prides itself on
optimizing its full range of products and services to its valued clientele, investigating new business
opportunities, and maximizing its competitive strengths for long-term success. History of excelling in
introducing organizational change, accelerating customer service levels, and leveraging existing
technology and knowledge base with internal resources to facilitate business excellence and
competitive advantage. Expert in aligning technology strategies with corporate goals and driving
major initiatives through dispersed and complex enterprises

Ranked by direct reports and business leaders as one of the company’s top managers out of 30

colleagues based on proven effectiveness in consensus building, partnering with senior business
leaders, and working collaboratively at all levels to assess, plan, and implement workable IT solutions,
A friendly and approachable "go-to resource” who brings subject matter expertise in LT,, accounting,
and finance. Familiar with databases (Sybase, Oracle, MS Sequel Server), ERP packages (SAP, J.D.
Edwards), and Reporting Tools (Cognos Reporting, Business Objects)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

© Strategic Planning / Visioning & Tactical ¢ Team-Building & Front-Line Leadership
Execution © Manpower Planning & Scheduling

© ITIL Methodology / Problem & Change © Software &Application Lifecycle Management
Management * Expense Budgeting & Forecasting

¢ SLA Authoring & Resource Allocation © Technology Upgrades

TransCanada 1990 - 2010

2005 = 2010; 1.5. Manager = U.S, PipeLines West, Portland (OR)
In light of TransCanada acquiring U.S. PipeLines West, personally sought out by Director of
Applications meres to step into this newly-modified role and help this line of business eam SOX
certification = all while replacing both the existing Director and Manager. Led, motivated, and
energized a 7-person team who supported the commercial suites for 5 gas pipelines operated by the
Portland office.

© Elevated customer satisfaction every year according to an externally-conducted [5 Customer
Satisfaction Survey, Played an active role in boosting satisfaction from 62% in 2005 to 100R% in 2008

© Devised the IS strategy and timeline to integrate 4 commercial suites for 10 pipelines managed in
Portland (2), Omaha (1), and Houston (1)

© Injust 1 year, revitalized lacklustre team morale into a high-performing entity whose requests
receive prionty attention

¢ Lowered software maintenance fees 30% by reviewing the license agreements and changing
applications to site-licensed software