EXECUTIVE PROFILE

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS AND
TRAINING

TECHNICAL SKILLS

)

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Performance-driven IT executive experienced in building technology organizations that make IT a strategic
partner of the company. Creates IT competitive advantages in capability and scale by leveraging best-in-class
infrastructures. Highly experienced in building, improving, and turning around IT organizations.

e IT Strategy e Team building
« IT Management e Enterprise platforms
« Project management e Business continuity
« Business Intelligence e Disaster recovery
« Cloud computing e Budgeting/Cost control
« SOX, HIPAA, GLBA e IT Infrastructure
. VICE PRESIDENT, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 10/2012 to CURRENT

Apex Systems | Melbourne, FL

« Represent Information Technology as a member of the senior leadership team with oversight of all
tactical and strategic aspects of corporate IT systems.

« Manage and lead six-person team that oversees all IT Infrastructure and Business Intelligence
operations at one of the largest United Ways in the nation (S38M Revenue).

e« Responsible for $1M annual IT budget including staffing, operations, purchasing, and vendor
management with an emphasis on cost savings and value-based solutions.

e Engineered strategic evolution of Salesforce CRM with the implementation of email marketing, event
registration, credit card purchasing, and volunteer management systems.

« Designed and executed IT portion of corporate headquarters move to a new 64.000 sq. ft. building with
zero downtime.

« Oversaw the creation of a dedicated, IT business intelligence group and structured development
environment in strategic support of CRM, data warehouse, and financial reporting systems.

« Technology engineering and support of 2-1-1 call center that processes 100.000 to 150.000 calls per
year (50% of Colorado's statewide 2-1-1 calls).

e« Recovered tens of thousands of dollars per year by consolidating and renegotiating IT contracts,
implementing infrastructure lifecycle management, standardizing PC and server O/S images, utilizing
refurbished equipment, and implementing virtualization technologies.

« Implemented company’s first comprehensive monitoring and metrics of application, network and server
availability/performance.

e« Responsible for mission critical support of all computer, network, and telecom infrastructure including
175 Windows 7/8 workstations and 35 Windows 2008/2012 servers.

« Team maintains over 99.9% uptime for all mission critical hardware and software platforms.

DILECTOR, IT INFRASTRUCTURE 02/2008 to 10/2012
Zayo Group | Portland, OR

¢ Directly responsible for mission critical support of all computer, network, and telecom infrastructure
including 800 Windows XP/Windows 7 workstations and 160 Windows 2003/2008 servers at 28
treatment centers, five operations offices, and two co-location facilities.

e As the strategic and technical IT lead, built, manage, and backup eight person team including Network
Engineer, System Administrator, Help Desk Manager and IT Support Specialists.

e Responsible for all new hire and terminate activities, staff scheduling, mentoring, and reviews.

e Consistent record of delivering major IT projects on time and under budget including: integrations of
newly acquired treatment centers, new treatment center builds. treatment center moves, co-location
deployment, and co-location relocation.

e Maintain over 99.9% uptime for network infrastructure using an MPLS WAN with VPN over Internet
redundancy.

e Maintain over 99.9% uptime for server infrastructure using high availability software (Citrix and Double-
Take) and hardware (RAID. UPS, and hot spares) to support company treatment planning systems,
record and verify systems, email, and all infrastructure servers.

e Designed, deployed, and tested company's first Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery infrastructure
for core billing, financial and infrastructure systems.

e Implemented company's first comprehensive IT monitoring of network, server, power and temperature
health using APC, HP, SolarWinds monitoring tools.

e Responsible for $2M OpEx and $2M CapEx IT budgets including staffing, hardware and software
purchasing, telecom, BC/DR, and travel.

e Responsible for IT compliance with HIPAA and PCI regulations and have designed infrastructure to be
complaint with SOX regulations for the future.

e Recovered up to $100,000/yr by consolidating billing and vendors, renegotiating IT contracts.
implementing infrastructure lifecycle management, standardizing PC and server O/S images, and
modeling VMWare-based virtualization.

¢ Coordinate and manage all communications between business operations and corporate IT.

e Developed first standardized IT project templates for treatment center integrations and new treatment
center builds.

e Team responsible for closing 800+ IT support tickets per month.

M.NAGER, IT OPERATIONS - WINDOWS 09/2006 to 02/2008
Accelerate, Inc | Indianapolis, IN

e Managed eleven person team of Help Desk Technicians, System Administrators, System Engineers, and
System Architects.

e Responsible for all new hire and terminate activities, staff scheduling, mentoring, and reviews.

e Directly responsible for mission critical support of all Windows-based computer infrastructure including
625+ Windows XP/2000 workstations and 80+ Windows 2003/2000 servers.

e Maintained over 99.9% uptime for entire Windows server infrastructure including satellite control
systems, imagery production systems, email, and communications servers, and all file and document
management servers.

e Consistent record of major IT-dependent projects delivered on time and under budget including: mission
critical satellite control systems, imagery production systems, and office moves.

e Responsible for Windows IT budget planning including staffing. hardware and software purchasing,
infrastructure, and travel.

e Ensured a stable environment by standardizing processes and procedures and maintaining detailed
documentation for all systems.

e Coordinated all communications between business operations and corporate IT for Windows IT projects.

e Member of IT Management Team responsible for the strategic direction of corporate IT initiatives.

* Team responsible for closing 500+ IT support tickets per month.

IT CQANAGER - NETWORKING, SYSTEMS, & SUPPORT 08/1999 to 09/2006
Fortinet Inc | Chicago, IL

e Managed eight person team of Help Desk Engineers, Network Administrators, Network Engineers. and
Telecommunications Administrators.

e Directly responsible for mission critical support of WAN, LAN, 300+ Windows 2000/XP workstations, and
85 Windows 2000/2003 servers.

e Maintained over 99.9% uptime for entire network and communications systems including real-time
trading systems, wire systems, and numerous financial systems.

e Responsible for $1.5M annual IT budget including staffing, purchasing, infrastructure, DR/BC,
telecommunications, and co-location.

e Primary decision-maker in all corporate hardware and software standards.

e Direct backup. upgrade, and maintenance policies/procedures.

e Coordinate associated IT vendor management.

e Consistent record of major, IT-dependent projects delivered on time and under budget including: office
moves, subsidiary acquisition and divestiture, network redesign, and software deployment.

e Decreased annual IT budget by at least $50K each year from 2003-2006.

e Versed in IT compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.

e Hands-on experience in all aspects of Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity Planning including design,
documentation, and testing.

SYOTEM ADMINISTRATOR 02/1996 to 08/1999
Qpoint Home Mortgage Network | City, STATE

e Solely responsible for mission critical support of 400+ Windows 95/98 workstations and 30 Windows NT
4.0 servers for multi-million dollar mortgage broker with offices in 3 states.

e Engineer of frame relay-based WAN, TCP/IP-based Ethernet LANs, Motorola and Adtran CSU/DSUs,
and Xyplex and Ascend routers Experience also included RAS, Seagate Backup Exec, and disaster
recovery.

e Administrator of corporate Internet email server (Microsoft Exchange), corporate Internet and Intranet
sites (Microsoft IIS), and thin client host server (Citrix).

e Taught corporate training classes on Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows, and Internet usage to new
employees.

e Developed software training manuals and end-user support materials.

e Designed, from ground up, scaleable Windows NT domain, corporate websites, and Intranet site.

e Developed and implemented turnkey rollout plan for onsite hardware and software installations in new
franchise offices.

INODE SALES REPRESENTATIVE 05/1 994 to 02/1996
Microsoft Corporation | City, STATE

M.B.A DEC. 2007
University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA

B. ©] Real Estate MAY 1994
Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ

e Denver Peak Academy - Lean Process Improvement (Black Belt)

« Harvard ManageMentor Leadership and Management (12 Courses)
« Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)

e Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)

e« Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

e Citrix Certified Administrator (CCA)

« Software: Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, HP Insight Manager, EMC Avamar. Symantec Ghost,
LanGuard Network Security Scanner, Voltage Email Encryption, Websense, Quest Archive Manager, MS
Project, Symantec Backup Exec. Microsoft IIS, SharePoint, CA ArcServe, Barracuda Spam Firewall,
Blackberry Enterprise Server, Sophos Anti-virus, Trend Micro Anti-Virus, Bradford Networks Network
Sentry, VMWare, Hyper-V, Barracuda Backup, Barracuda Web Filter, Cisco Call Manager, Cisco UCCX,
Exact Target, Cvent.

« Hardware and Networking: Cisco firewalls, Cisco routers, Cisco switches, Checkpoint firewalls. HP
Procurve switches, Meraki Wi-Fi, Cisco Wi-Fi, HP Proliant, Dell PowerEdge.