PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ©

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE Systems Engineering Value-Adding Solutions Network Security ~
Leveraging more than 20 years of IT development, entrepreneurial, and leadership experience to fully
address the evolving needs of business through innovative technology solutions ~ Accomplished, results-
driven IT Director with extensive experience in the competitive construction, storage, and technical services
industry, a superb education that includes a Master's Degree in IT Security and numerous industry
certifications, and a history of leading teams to identify and develop high quality technical solutions that
maximize the success of diverse and demanding clients. Seeking a director-level IT leadership role that will
lead to new career challenges and professional development opportunities with a dynamic and growing
company. Top-performing IT executive with almost 15 years of director-level leadership experience and a
reputation for success in aligning IT strategies and engineering solutions that drive client success and
business growth. Pragmatic and creative technical leader driven to learn and implement new concepts and
technologies. Unparalleled analytical acumen; adept at identifying unique client technology requirements and
a proven track record of successfully managing large client-focused implementation, integration, and
migration projects. Superb leadership and interpersonal skills that promote a successful growth-focused team
culture and facilitate the building of strong relationships with peers, key clients, and major industry
stakeholders. Highly proficient with all major computer and network technologies, the software development
life cycle, and countless applications, tools, and languages.

e Infrastructure development ¢ Adaptability
e Security planning ¢ Collaboration
e Teambuilding e Planning and Coordination
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 01/2013 to CURRENT

Indiana Packers Corporation | Delphi, IN

e Currently serving in a high level executive leadership role focused on maximizing the success of
software and hardware solutions for an industry-leading storage products and services company
netting more than $550M in annual revenue.

¢ This involves intensive oversight of all software and hardware engineering activities for video-based
security systems and other products, collaborating with vendors and internal stakeholders to drive new
infrastructure and cost control strategies, and leading risk assessment audits and security awareness
training to improve team knowledge of vulnerabilities and the recovery process.

e Major Accomplishments.

e Spearheaded an innovative VoIP solution that maximized customer support, improved product
marketing, and revolutionized the analysis and tracking of key data involved with team-specific call
center phone call handling and online ad-source numbers.

e Introduced new operational procedures that improved the delivery and support of phone and network
services to more than 40 Southern California storage facilities.

e Implemented improvements to the capacity planning and virtualization process that secured 99.99%
uptime in a 24/7/365 support environment.

e Integrated a number of new technologies including a web portal and the Xpress Phone Pay system
which slashed support call volume by over 32% while also boosting call center productivity by almost
40%.

e Created a variety of new security policies and PC! DSS auditing procedures that improved long-term
operational compliance and assured maximum customer protection levels.

e Engineered and implemented a number of innovations involving core back office applications and
physical servers to the company's VSAN model.

DIF_ECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY & PROGRAM MANAGER II 01/2008 to 01/2013
Accenture Contractor Jobs | San Francisco, CA

e Expertly oversaw all aspects of technical support, project development, and IT engineering for a world-
leading provider of technical, professional, and construction services.

¢ This involved direct leadership of a diverse sales, service, and support team, planning budgets and
resources for small to medium-sized implementations, and developing a wide range of cutting-edge
solutions to effectively address the needs of clients with up to 50,000 users.

e Also managed the entire solution lifecycle including presales, sales, design, implementation, and
monitoring.

e Major Accomplishments.

e« Commended by company leadership for securing more than $4M in retained annual revenue by
recovering 70+ mid-tier accounts.

e Led the successful integration of 4 separate M&A companies into Jacobs' existing business model
through analysis, identification, and resolution of issues involving existing employees, systems, and
clients.

e Successfully managed a high level international project in Abu Dhabi devoted to resolving major
SCADA compliance issues.

e This project involved leadership of a diverse security group and utilized a dual network with single
integrated ICS logging to effectively track data and resolve existing compliance issues.

e Revolutionized operations and maximized HIPAA compliance for Orthopedics Specialists of North
County through the implementation of several major solutions over a 4-year span involving firewalls,
client access points, and the creation of new access policies, data policies, and rights.

e Built a strong long-lasting partnership with Caster Family Enterprises through close analysis of
technology needs for 25 separate locations, implementing high speed bonded T-1 infrastructure for
each, and engineering an innovative single point of access to facilitate data tracking and security
monitoring.

FOONDER & DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 01/2004 to 01/2008
SI DATA SYSTEMS | City, STATE

e Built and directed a highly successful IT services company from the ground up which quickly evolved to
serve more than 35 major clients and net over $2.2M in annual revenue.

e This involved extensive outreach and marketing solutions to potential clients, designing and
engineering new products and services, and providing best-in-class pre and post-sales support to
every customer.

e The company eventually became Jacobs Advanced Consulting Services after being sold to RL.

« Phillips in 2008.

e Major Accomplishments.

¢ Quickly resolved a major crypto/ransomware virus infection for SI's first client which involved tracking
the source of the original infection, executing a data restore from before the virus deploy date,
upgrading all anti-malware and firmware, and implementing staff training to prevent future occurrences.

e Developed an innovative low-cost remote access solution for a local construction company that
incorporated remote access functionality on their existing firewall and the addition of a virtual server
and CA cert to improve data flow and streamline usage of existing infrastructure.

INF DRMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER 01/1997 to 01/2004
AXXIS COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY | City, STATE

e« Built a reputation for excellence in the handling and management of large technology projects and the
development of new hardware and software-based solutions for a diverse clientele.

e Also handled a variety of additional key tasks including vendor negotiations, needs analysis and
relationship building with clients, and working with company leadership to drive new solution
development strategies with a focus on maximizing revenue and market share.

« Major Accomplishments.

e« Led a major initiative for the client Gray Cary that significantly reduced the IT processing time required
for all major operations and streamlined server access by taking more than 200 antiquated workstation-
based servers and migrating them to 40 Compac Prolient servers.

e This also greatly improved client security and increased efficiency for software patches/updates.

Master of Science | IT Security & Assurance Computer Security & Information Assurance 2017
WESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITY, Salt Lake City, Utah

Bachelor of Science | Business Administration, Project Management & Operations 2005
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX, Phoenix, Arizona

Certified Hacking Forensic Investigator EC-COUNCIL Certified SCADA Security Architect INFOSEC
INSTITUTE ESX 3.5 Installation & Configuration VMWARE Certified Ethical Hacker EC-COUNCIL Microsoft
Certified Systems Engineer MICROSOFT CORPORATION Leadership & Communication MICROSKILLS
EXCELLENT REFERENCES & RECOMMENDATIONS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST