JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Experienced Information Technology Manager well versed in infrastructure, security CRM, ERP systems resource planning, and daily
operations management. Forward-thinking and strategic leader with 30+ years of experience in Information Technology Management.
Recognized for cost-reduction, system improvements, operational streamlining and positive leadership style. Strong ability to simplify
technical language into simple business terms. Accomplishments

¢ Led and contributed to successful implementation of wide-range nationwide communication projects including Verizon ADSL, HSI, FiOS,
Get-Connected, and Verizon Self-Service Web Portal.

e Earned three promotions and three Excellence Awards recognition within 5 years by Verizon Communications

¢ Implemented systems, infrastructure and applications for 22 customer support centers with 10,000+-agents

e Reduced well documented $24M of annual customer support cost through streamlining of technical processes

e Supervised team of 23 staff members.

CORE QUALIFICATIONS

e Security planning e« CRM, Real-time

¢ Product development e Clients, Requirements analysis

¢ Infrastructure development e Client, SLA

e Agile framework e Customer services, Software engineering
© Project lifecycle management e Customer support, MS-SQL

¢ Requirements analysis e Data warehouse, SSL

e Detail-oriented © Detail-oriented, Supervision

¢ Computer proficiency © Product development, Systems design
¢ Leadership e Disaster Recovery, Upgrades

e Good listening skills e ERP. VoIP

e Supervision e Government, Web Portal

e Verbal and written e Information security, Written

e Agile, MySQL e Information technology

e Automation, Networks e Innovation

¢ Balance, Optimization e Leadership

* Budgets, Oracle e Listening

e Business Intelligence, Policies e¢ Managing

e Com, Processes © Office

¢ Consultant, Programming « Windows

e Conversion, Programming 2
* Cost reduction, Quality-control

EXPERIENCE

Director of Information Technology, 03/2010 - Current
Electronic Systems
e Innovated SaaS, Mobile Apps, Continuity, and DR Services.
e CRM & ERP, VoIP, Windows Azure. Office 365.
e Supporting 55K+ Residential families, 29 Remote Offices sites, and 1200+ Government employees.
* Process automation; data centers and data warehouse design development and implementation.
¢ Logical and artificial Business Intelligence systems design, development, implementation, and support.
e Business analytics including: gap analysis, earned value, ROI, performance tracking, and improvements.

Director of IT, 08/2016 - 01/2021
Car Gurus
¢ Responsible for the entire IT services and support operation of the 2nd largest Housing Authority in the nation.
e Services and support include; Client Services Operations, CRM and ERP systems and application developments, and Infrastructure and
Security.
* Responsibilities include:
e All aspects of Infrastructure security, operations, upgrades, maintenance, reliability, and support.
e Supports Oracle, Yardi, MS-SQL, MySQL, Big Data, Regulatory SSL-TLS Conversion, Elite and legacy systems.
« Implemented real-time Information security systems, Business Continuity, and Disaster Recovery plans.
* Overall Technology design enhancement, upgrades, performance, and lifecycle management and support.
e Successfully executed and implemented Personalized automation modules, mobile apps, data warehouses.

Sr. Project Manager, 01/2010 - 06/2016
Blackbaud
e Led the IT Outsource transformation of 3 programming support and customer 5 onshore call centers into a 1 programming 2 customer
support centers within 6 months for MySpace.com in supporting 80+M subscriber utilizing 31 languages.
¢ Led team for software engineering services and supported key clients in development efforts, establishing standards, determining
specifications and creating Service and Operational Level Agreements (SLA) and (OLA).
e Virtualized all DFS and Applications systems into a SaaS environment.
e Identified opportunities for application optimization, redesign, development and troubleshot and resolved user and application issues.
© Developed, tracked and controlled information technology operating budgets, cost, and benefit analyses for IT spending initiatives.
¢ Reduced overall costs of programming, networks, and customer services 63% within 5 months.
* Support included 31 languages support for M80+ Subscribers.
¢ Established quality-control measures and assignments.

Director of IT, 07/2000 - 03/2009
Car Gurus
e Successfully managed 15 diverse management and consultant direct reports in managing the technology required to design, implement.
maintain, and Business Intelligence solutions for Verizon call centers.
e Earned 4 promotions and 3 Individual Excellence Awards in less than 5 years.
¢ Developed and implemented technical application support and information technology policies and procedures that advanced investment
needs, outcomes, and performance measurements to balance continuous innovation with responsible risk-taking.
¢ Led the development and implementation of Verizon Self-Service Web Portal, CRM, and ERP systems.
e Generated $8.3M of cost reduction per year through alignment of processes and technical resources.
e Designed and implemented the first nationally standardized KPI measurements and scorecard system.
¢ Complied with all FCC, local laws, and federal regulations for Data Security Compliance and mandates.
e Analyzed department and job-related functionality requirements to align technology priorities with business needs.
e Focused teams on developing innovative and cutting-edge approaches at all levels with effective resource allocation and strategic planning

EDUCATION
Masters: IT Project Management

George Washington University - Washington, DC

Associate: IT Project Management

Mansoura State University - Mansoura

Bachelor of Business Administration
Jessica Claire Page 2 of 2