JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A computer scientist who experienced in various company to analyst their in-house programs and develop their new programs. Jessica have
build projects with team members and looking forward to a new extraordinary project. To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers
professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills. excellent time management and problem-solving skills. Organized and dependable
candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive attitude. Willingness to take
on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Highly adept Information Technology Technician with proven hardware and software
configuration and troubleshooting expertise. Manages office-wide Local Area Network and minimizes downtime while overseeing system
expansion. Excellent technical and communication skills coupled with training in computer science. Jessica looking for a role where the
environment can improve coding and data skills as well a company which give an opportunity to grow in term of professional and personal and
learn from other experienced peers.

Work HISTORY

Web Developer, 01/2022 - Current
Benchmark Hospitality — San Antonio, TX
¢ Provided front-end website development using WordPress, Hubspot and other editing software.
e Oversaw technical issues and troubleshooting requests to resolve user problems.
e Applied emerging technologies to update and maintain site applicability.
* Coded websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery languages.
* Developed technical solutions required to accommodate specific user-facing assets
e Engaged with clients to plan and optimize site issues and queries.
* Generated web hosting presence to accommodate specified needs and maintain files on account.
e Ran debugging tools to eliminate flaws and glitches prior to publishing.
e Multi-tasked across multiple functions and roles to meet deadlines and organizational expectations.
« Implemented changes and integrated requested elements to streamline business operations.
¢ Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers and operating systems.
e Adapted quickly to constantly changing, deadline-driven environment.
e Investigated resulting impacts on application concurrency to improve procedures.
e Studied user requirements to gain strong understanding of project initiatives and deadlines.
e Reviewed code, debugged problems and corrected issues.
e Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.
e Implemented changes and integrated requested elements to streamline business operations

Information Technology Technician, 06/2020 - 04/2021
Department Of The Treasury — Annapolis, MD
e Managed system-wide operating system and software deployments as well as related software upgrade problems.
¢ Conducted daily system monitoring, verifying security, integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, applications and key
processes.
¢ Established, repaired and optimized networks by installing wiring, cabling and devices.
e Investigated and corrected problems with printers, copiers and other peripheral devices.
e Answered and triaged requests for assistance in order to provide top-notch support.
e Updated department documentation such as license databases, infrastructure maps and FAQs to maintain consistent response levels.
¢ Set up hardware and software in optimal configurations to meet network performance requirements.
« Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows and Mac systems.
e Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.
¢ Followed up with clients to verify optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem resolution.
¢ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.
e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience.
¢ Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.
¢ Handled computer system troubleshooting and provided technical support to entire team for computer operations.
e Provide accurate information to customers.
e Update database with information quickly and efficiently.
e Support customers with sales and e-commerce issues.
¢ Responds to all inquiries and requests in timely manner.
e Answer and screen telephone calls, recording messages for quick reply as needed.
e Solve company’s computer problem.
¢ Propose efficient way on various aspect for company.

¢ Provide thorough support and swift customer resolution to clients daily.

Computer Scientist, 06/2019 - 07/2019
Mastec — Vineland, NJ
¢ Provided comprehensive analysis and recommend solutions to address complex business problems and issues using data from internal and
external sources and applied advanced analytical methods to assess factors impacting growth and profitability across product and service
offerings.
e Investigated available resources to develop more useful project plans.
¢ Performed tests of prototypes and final products.
*¢ Completed reviews of codes, requirements and project plans.
¢ Gathered requirements and developed project plans.
* Collaborated with internal stakeholders, identifying and gathering analytical requirements for customer, product and projects needs.
¢ Developed data-gathering and reporting structures from ground up and strategized methods capitalizing on system features.
e Applied statistical and algebraic techniques to interpret key points from gathered data.
e Learn and analyze their in-house and new program for company's benefit and improvement.
e Validate data through technological programs
e Analyze productivity of existing programs that company’s used at that time.
¢ Update database with information quickly and efficiently.
* Respond to all inquiries and requests in timely manner.

e Maintain operational efficiency through following proper office protocols.

Information Technology Specialist, 06/2018 - 07/2018
Mastec — Apex, NC

¢ Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes.

* Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment, laptops and video conferencing
equipment.

e Authored protocols for appropriate, cost-effective and safe handling of equipment and materials.

e Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions.

¢ Identified potential sales and cross-selling opportunities in course of delivery of support services.

* Created support documentation that enabled user community to extend skills, leverage system features and find resolutions to questions
without intervention from support team.

¢ Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision, mission and
purpose.

e Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concems.

e Resolved escalated issues by serving as subject matter expert on wide-ranging issues.

e Assisted customers with product selection based on stated needs, proposed use and budget.

¢ Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of release
fixes.

* Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.

¢ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience.

¢ Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.

¢ Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.

e Update database with information quickly and efficiently.

¢ Respond to all inquiries and requests in timely manner.

e Maintain operational efficiency through following proper office protocols.

Information Technology Specialist, 06/2017 - 08/2017
Benchmark Hospitality — Stevenson, WA
¢ Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes.
¢ Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment, laptops and video conferencing
equipment.
* Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concerms.
* Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.
¢ Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.
* Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.
¢ Set up hardware and software in optimal configurations to meet network performance requirements.
e Investigated and corrected problems with printers, copiers and other peripheral devices.
e Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.
¢ Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows and Mac systems.

Information Technology Technician, 04/2016 - 06/2016
Department Of The Treasury — Appleton, WI
* Conducted daily system monitoring, verifying security, integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, applications and key
processes.
e Managed system-wide operating system and software deployments as well as related software upgrade problems.
¢ Set up hardware and software in optimal configurations to meet network performance requirements.
e Updated department documentation such as license databases, infrastructure maps and FAQs to maintain consistent response levels.
e Learn and analyze their in-house and new program for company's benefit and improvement.
* Established, repaired and optimized networks by installing wiring, cabling and devices.
¢ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.
e Handled computer system troubleshooting and provided technical support to entire team for computer operations.
¢ Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.
e Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows and Mac systems.

Computer Scientist, 04/2015 - 06/2015
Company Name — City, State
¢ Completed reviews of codes, requirements and project plans.
e Gathered requirements and developed project plans.
¢ Performed tests of prototypes and final products.
e Investigated available resources to develop more useful project plans.
e Develop their computer system and in-house programs
e Assist in setting up computers for their launching exhibition
e Provide support and assistance to employee
e Validate data through technological programs
e Maintain operational efficiency through following proper office protocols
e Update database with information quickly and efficiently.
¢ Respond to all inquires and requests in timely.

e Maintain operational efficiency through following proper office protocols

SKILLS
e Network Administration, Systems administration e Project Management, Teamwork, Analysis Skills, Computer Skills,
e Device Configuration, Technical troubleshooting, Software Project Coordination, Programming, End-user Support
updates, Equipment setup, Computer Operation e Website optimization, Web development projects

¢ Document Review, Data Analysis Skills, System Analysis, Budget © Technical Analysis, Troubleshooting, Programming
and Cost Analysis

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 05/2021
California State University - East Bay - Hayward, CA
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Resolved product issue through consumer and employee testing.

* Collaborated with team of 4 in the development of company’s system.

¢ Documented and resolved employee's issued with computer and system problem which led to not hampered the employee's work.
e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

e Achieved efficiency system through effectively helping with developing the company’s new system.

e Resolved hardware and software issues with accuracy and efficiency.

¢ Developed programming system that been used to launch their new product to be easier and time-saving for both employee and customer.