JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Information and Data Security Specialist with passion for aligning security architecture plans and processes with security standards and
business goals. Extensive experience developing and testing security framework for cloud-based software. Versed in robust network defense
strategies. Demonstrated skill identifying business risks and compliance issues and designing proactive solutions. Background designing and

implementing layered network security approaches.

SKILLS

e Time Management e Audit Risk Management
* Strong Problem Solver e Test Plans and Test Methodologies
e IT Auditing e Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable
e Standards and Security Compliance ¢ Complex Problem-Solving
e Regulatory Auditing e Information Risk Management
* Vulnerability Testing © Quality Control
e Penetration Testing e Critical Thinking
e GAP Analysis

Work HIsTory

Information Technology Auditor, 01/2020 - Current
Cowen Group, Inc. — Dallas, TX
* Conducted security audits to identify vulnerabilities.
e Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures.
e Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans.
¢ Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security countermeasures.
¢ Monitored computer virus reports determining when to update virus protection systems.
¢ Monitored use of data files and regulated access to protect secure information internally and for over 55 clients.
e Encrypted data and erected firewalls to protect confidential information.
¢ Developed plans to safeguard computer files against modification, destruction, or disclosure.
e Engineered, maintained, and repaired security systems and programmable logic controls.
¢ Researched and developed new computer forensic tools.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

Risk Management Specialist, 06/2018 - 01/2020
St. Joseph Health — Costa Mesa, CA
¢ Developed short-term goals and long-term strategic plans to improve risk control and mitigation.
e Advised senior managers on policy strategies for reducing liability and preventing losses.
¢ Reviewed contracts and agreements to identify potential risks and ideal mitigation strategies.
« Investigated allegations to check validity and recommend actions to minimize risk.
¢ Promoted enterprise-level risk management practices and helped instill strong culture focused on protective policies and procedures.
* Encouraged stakeholders to approach assessments analytically and offer unique insights to bring new understanding to risk management
programs.
e Maintained current team documentation, validated codes, and tracked invoices to keep over 50 accounts and records current.
e Arranged risk management team meetings by preparing materials, updating calendars, and setting up conference spaces.
¢ Kept operations in line with government regulations by carefully checking documentation.
e Administered RMIS system data imports, configuration changes and user issues.
e Verified certificates of insurance for accuracy and conformance with internal risk management policies and coordinated issuance to
individuals and entities.
e Arranged risk management team meeting by preparing materials, updating calendars and setting up conference spaces.
e Maintained current team documentation, validated codes and tracked invoices to keep accounts and records current.
e Assisted with minimizing risk exposure by reviewing claim validity and viability against coverage standards.
e Trained staff in risk management policies and monitored compliance to control company liability.

Risk Management Specialist, 05/2016 - 01/2018
St. Joseph Health — Brea, CA
* Developed short-term goals and long-term strategic plans to improve risk control and mitigation.
e Advised senior managers on policy strategies for reducing liability and preventing losses.
* Reviewed contracts and agreements to identify potential risks and ideal mitigation strategies.
e Investigated allegations to check validity and recommend actions to minimize risk.
¢ Promoted enterprise-level risk management practices and helped instill strong culture focused on protective policies and procedures.
e Handled employee and over 50 claims according to internal risk management policies, keeping liability minimized by leveraging expertise
and available tools.
e Executed security roadmap to achieve risk maturity milestones across organizational levels.
e Encouraged stakeholders to approach assessments analytically and offer unique insights to bring new understanding to risk management
programs.
e Employed strong program management skills to successfully define and manage ongoing initiatives designed to control security risks.
e Administered data security program, keeping risk low by proactively examining processes and related documentation.
e Maintained current team documentation, validated codes and tracked invoices to keep accounts and records current.

EDUCATION
Master of Science: Cyber Security, 08/2023

Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ

Bachelor of Science: Management Information Systems, 11/2012
University of Ghana - Ghana