PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Insightful Information Technology Manager with 10 years of IT leadership experience including oversight of
infrastructure, application support and security services. Dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused
delivery of technical solutions. Proven leader in directing operations, maintenance and support of complex
systems. Develops creative business solutions, leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering engineering
solutions for leading organizations. Highly adept in request for proposal development, technology needs
assessments and staff training.

Goal-oriented IT leader with advanced planning, program management and team leadership skills. Decisive
and hardworking with advanced communication and relationship-building strengths. Expert in Information
Technology.

Successful at optimizing security standards, improving planning processes and managing systems
implementation. Knowledgeable about disaster recovery planning, roadmapping and team development.
Knowledgeable IT Manager oversees technology deployment and maintenance. Instructs and leads IT staff
members in support of hardware, software and networking infrastructure. Actively works with executives to
determine and implement tech needs. Manages technology strategy, training and documentation.

Reliable employee seeking Information Technology Specialist position. Offering excellent communication and
good judgment.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

Experienced IT Specialist with over 13 years of experience in Information Technology. Excellent reputation for
resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction. Strategic Information Technology Manager skilled in
guiding navigation of modern technology. Accustomed to driving efficiency and effectiveness by developing,
delivering and supporting strategic plans. Demonstrated skill in translating technical requirements to business
solutions. Successful 13 year record of building positive relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
Strategic Information Technology Manager skilled in guiding navigation of modern technology. Accustomed to
driving efficiency and effectiveness by developing, delivering and supporting strategic plans. Demonstrated
skill in translating technical requirements to business solutions. Experienced Information Technology Manager
well-versed in infrastructure, security planning and daily operations management. Forward-thinking and
strategic leader with 20 years of experience in Federal Information Technology. Recognized for cost-effective
system improvements, operational streamlining and positive leadership style. Instrumental Information
Technology Specialist bringing 13 years of experience achieving ambitious goals in challenging IT
environment. Diligent, forward-thinking and adaptable to dynamic company. customer and project needs.
Successful at motivating teams to meet demanding timelines. Veteran Information Technology Specialist with
13 years leading organizational technology strategy. Adept and knowledgeable at installing and maintaining
hardware, software and networking updates. Trains and oversees dedicated tech team to provide
maintenance, troubleshooting and IT support. Drafts organizational policy to define standards for technology
oversight and use. Reliable employee seeking Information Technology Specialist position. Offering excellent
communication and good judgment. Correctional Officer offers 20-year history in corrections with superior
record of defusing high-pressure situations with sound judgment and successful conflict resolution skills.
Monitors and manages inmate behavior with focus maintaining order and proactively addressing potential
conflicts. Correctional Officer with history of exercising sound judgment and reasoned thinking during crisis
events. Develops strong rapport with prisoners and colleagues. Excellent command of detention center
safety, security and emergency management protocols. Committed Correctional Officer skilled in maintaining
order by enforcing rules and regulations in prison and jail settings. Handles difficult inmates and high-
pressure situations with sound judgment and reasoned thinking demonstrated over 20-year industry history.
Resourceful and dedicated Correctional Officer with motivational leadership, training and employee
supervision experience. 20 years in corrections and law enforcement.

e Leadership e Conflict resolution skills

e Security planning ¢ Firearm operations trained

e Budget administration e Weapons training

e Documentation and reporting e Emergency Response

« Documentation Management e Crime Prevention

e Supervision e Background investigations

« Responsible e FOID card holder

¢ Critical thinking e Emergency Management

e Multitasking abilities ¢ Inmate transport

e Written Communication e Inspections

¢ Adaptability ¢ Body searches

e Computer Hardware e Security procedures

e Computer skills ¢ Inmate movement control

e Training & Development e Crowd control

e Safety and security e Rules of conduct

e Correctional facility procedures ¢ Officer training

e Safety and security enforcement ¢ Planning and Coordination

e Search and seizure procedures e Computer proficiency
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER 05/2010 to 12/2020

Dynetics | Jackson, MS

e Analyzed network security and current infrastructure to assess areas in need of improvement and
develop solutions.

e Created storage allocation for new build and existing Windows servers and clusters.

e Researched and recommended innovative and automated approaches to routine tasks.

e Authored service level agreements for various functions, including help desk operations.

e Managed and reduced IT spending to support budgeting processes and TCO modeling procedures.

e Designed and led implementation of company-wide enterprise security strategy for network and
hardware security, disaster recovery, data protection and information access across all major systems.

¢ Actively led training, mentoring and continuous development for 4 person department.

e Developed and maintained $15,000 IT department operational budget.

e Managed teams of contractors and full time staff by coaching, mentoring and driving efficiency.

e Interviewed, hired, trained and mentored 300 plus staff by coaching daily, leading performance reviews
and offering constructive feedback.

CC RRECTIONAL OFFICER LIEUTENANT 09/2000 to 12/2020
Mastec Inc. | Leetsdale, PA

e Oversaw control center, monitoring inmates, visitors and employees for signs of suspicious behavior.

e Checked all book in and discharges, making sure all charges have paperwork and all discharges have
orders of discharge.

e Supervised dining hall, outdoor recreation area, vocational shop and inmate housing unit.

e Supervised 20 employees and performance of tasks and managed 690 offenders.

e Completed daily work report sheets and delegated tasks to employees.

e Assigned officer tasks such as cleaning cells and stocking clean laundry to keep prison running
efficiently.

e Handled inmate counts and searches for missing inmates.

e Verified all prison visitors carried proper identification and had no contraband before entering
institution.

e Inspected housing cells and directed teams completing in-depth searches for contraband or damage.

e Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.

e Booked new inmates into facility and processed inmates for release.

e Arranged for medical and dental care of inmates.

e Identified facility openings and designated inmates to housing units.

e Led intake and processing of inmates by handling paperwork, searches, interviews and fingerprinting.

« Completed intake paperwork, fingerprints and searches.

e Prepared, processed and maintained forms, reports, logs, records and activity journals.

e Escorted inmates to and from cells, court, hospitals and medical appointments.

INI-DRMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST 11/2007 to 05/2010
Metropolitan Correctional Center | City, STATE

e Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources,
systems and key processes.

e Facilitated best user experience through continuous support, training classes, webinars. improvements
and communication of system changes.

e Assisted customers with product selection based on stated needs. proposed use and budget.

e Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concerns.

e Retained existing clients and developed hundreds of new accounts by extending high quality and
efficient support service.

e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive
user experience.

e Coached and trained end-users on functions, features and basic troubleshooting of software such as
MS and Windows.

e Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and
assisted in deployment of release fixes.

e Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.

e Supervised and monitored delivery of contractual services according to SLA agreements.

e Resolved escalated issues by serving as subject matter expert on wide-ranging issues.

e Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

e Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions.

e Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.

e Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment,
laptops and video conferencing equipment.

e Drafted and distributed training manuals for devices used by various employees.

e Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and
problem resolution.

e Trained end-users of MS and Windows on use, functionality and application to business problems.

e Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.

High School Diploma
Loop Jr College, 30 East Lake Street

Geeral Education | General Studies 06/1983
Whitney M. Young High School , 211 South Laflin

- | was employed as a GS-12 in a permanent position as the IT Manager for the Federal Bureau of Prisons
from May 1, 2010 until December 30, 2020 at

Metropolitan Correctional Center.

- AS IT Manager at MCC Chicago, | was the Supervisor and manager for staff of 4 and | was responsible for
support of 220 staff, 180 LAN computers, 3 BOPnet servers, 5 virtual servers, 12 Cisco Switches, SAN, miles
of fiber and CAT 5/6 cabling, 8 Video Telecommunication units which and the iCON(inmate) network.

- As the IT Manager | was responsible for directing the activities of the computer services department

- Participated in department head meetings, budget meetings, and various committee meetings

- As the IT Manager | was responsible for several department budgets; requesting funding and balancing the
budget. | was an approving / billing official as well as a government credit card holder. | had to ensure that all
the federal rules and regulations were being followed

- Monitored operation of the network and ensured that hardware and software were functioning properly and
that operation standards were met

- Developed training material and provide training to office personnel and functional end users on a wide
variety of subjects

- installed and supported the inmate GED network, mainlined staff and inmate accounts

- | was the CJIS — National Crime Information Center (NCIC) and the National Law Enforcement
Telecommunication System (NLETS) Coordinator and trainer. | was responsible for documenting training
sessions, updating NCIC training/testing materials, providing electronic reports for agency audits. | had to
ensure all NCIC users were current with their certification utilizing NCIC system. | provided all new NCIC users
with training and testing and all of the existing users with recertification training and testing.

- As the IT Manager | was responsible for training staff, ensuring they were following DOJ information security
policy and procedure. | conducted routine audits and reported all violations to DOJ

- Works with security officers, users, computer operators, and other support personnel to ensure security
regulations are followed and that installation. and agency security standards are met

- Serves as team leader or as a participant in agency risk analysis and security tests and evaluations

- | assisted the US Attorney's Office, Office of Internal Affairs and the Department of Justice with staff and
inmate investigations

- | possess the ability fo remain calm and act quickly in emergency situations, handle aggressive inmates, and
act to prevent life threatening situations, such as riots, hostage dilemmas, escapes, and medical emergencies
- | was a member of the Emergency Management Team and received extensive FEMA National Incident
Management System (NIMS) training and is certified

- | have the ability to observe and pay attention to detail in order to recognize signs of discord and abnormal
behavior

- As the IT Manager | provide phone support to other institutions for a variety of things such as JABS,
Program/Op’s Review, PIV, ZCM, FRACS, Tech Bulletins, Policy interpretations, Security Concerns, Best
Practices, failed backups, Contingency Planning, etc...

- Responsible for setting up the institution 12 video conferences for ICE, Federal and local court hearings for
inmate and training sessions and meetings for staff locally, regionally and nationwide.

- Gather statistical information, prepare reports and provide information to management to ensure strategic
goals, performance works plans, and national objectives are met.

- Monitor Tennable Security reports for Vulnerabilities, identify local assets and correct or develop CAPS

- Report and investigate information security violations by staff. Report findings to the appropriate staff,
investigate as needed, and write the report of findings. Violations range from inappropriate use of email and
the internet, e-mailing sensitive information, disclosing sensitive information on the network, and removing
sensitive information from the work place without proper approval.

- Develop and maintain local policy and procedure at the institution level to ensure compliance with national
policy, law, and security regulations of the American Correctional Association, the National Institute of
Standards and Technology, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons.

- Serve in the acting capacity of the Executive Assistant in their absence. Provide direct oversight of outside
operations, assist with executive correspondence when necessary, and communicate directly with the Warden
and Associate Wardens when necessary. Presented to and assisted in the coordination of the Community
Relations Board (CRB) meetings. VIP Tours, and Performance Work Plans (PWP) for the Warden, research of
visiting dignitaries biographies for the Warden, and compilation of executive correspondence when needed.

- Develop and maintain contingency plans for the department including the annual Testing and reports of
findings for each test.

- Have written numerous staff e-mails, reports, annual tests, Operational Review Reports, Staff Assist
Reports, EMS Reports. ACA audits, evaluations, award nominations, Help Desk Tickets, and requests for new
software/equipment approvals. Regional correspondence, Central Office correspondence, and Vendor
correspondence

- Write and maintain the computer server documentation to ensure the information is available to restore the
network as quickly as possible in case of emergency.

- Daily monitoring of the institutions computer information backup system and software.

- Work closely with Executive staff and special investigation staff and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to
gather intelligence and evidence as requested. Provide expertise during the investigation regarding computer
related issues.

- Served as a Reviewer in Charge and a team member on Operational Reviews for other disciplines at the
institution.

- Participated as a team member on numerous program reviews with the Central Office.

- Installed and maintain wireless network to accommodate work stations for prevention of network, Sentry,
Bopware and BEMR outages.

- Oversee and manage inmate computer labs for inmate programming, release preparation and re-entry at
the institution. This includes 2 servers and 20 zero client workstations, offering inmates the opportunity to
learn GED, ESL, HVAC, typing, receive a Microsoft Office Certification, access to a resource center, and re-
entry initiatives as in resume writing.

- Manage budget for the IT Department ensuring program objectives are accomplished and institution needs
following the established guidelines for purchasing.

- Coordinate and implement new hardware and software on the local network to ensure channels of
communication are maintained.

- Mentor and counsel staff regarding individual grievances, performance issues, professional development
goals employee relations and conflict resolution

- Offer guidance to individual grievances to determine the severity of the issue.

professional development goals, employee relations and conilict resolution.

Offer guidance to individual grievances to determine the severity of the issue