Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will
make a difference.

Skills
¢ Security oversight « Document management
¢ Safety protocol ¢ Network infrastructure updates
¢ Project coordination e Permissions management
e Process improvement implementation ¢ Troubleshooting and diagnostics
e Hardware updates e System updates
¢ Software licenses and patches ¢ New program installations
¢ Audit support e Diagnosing issues

Experience

Information Technology Specialist, 01/2019 to 03/2021
Schoolmint — Remote, OR

e Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.

¢ Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.

e Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to determine resolutions to problems and answer inquiries.

¢ Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed process improvements.

¢ Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.

e Maintained and controlled server room, wireless network, and server infrastructure.

e Tested performance, functionality and security of network systems, individual workstations and peripheral devices.

¢ Maintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.

¢ Mentored other technologists and support professionals to provide professional development and skill enhancement.

¢ Developed online documentation for common processes for both support staff and end-users.

¢ Troubleshot hardware issues and worked with service providers to facilitate repairs for end users.

e Increased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.

e Performed continuous assessments of network structure, business content filters and security firewalls.

¢ Provided on-site technical support after project implementation and recommended product changes and upgrades to product
managers.

e Authored and distributed training manuals for handheld computers and devices used by staff.

e Executed scripts to communicate with back-end servers and provide real-time updates.

¢ Devised incisive workarounds and resolutions for IT-related problems.

e Assessed customer bug reports and enhancement requests and prioritized development to streamline response.

¢ Implemented unit and integration testing protocols to consistently deliver high quality, functional features with minimal defects.

e Directed account management and customer training on company technical software and tools for new accounts and new users.

¢ Led working groups to develop mitigation strategies and prepare standard operating procedures.

e Devised automation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.

e Scheduled ongoing performance assurance for software applications and automated performance test scripts.

¢ Coordinated installation of software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and implementation of new
features.

¢ Audited security program and installed IP cameras across multiple platforms as part of larger building and tenant safety
program.

e Implemented system security and data assurance software.

Information Technology Specialist, 01/2018 to 01/2019
Schoolmint — Lafayette, LA
¢ Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.
¢ Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.
e Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to determine resolutions to problems and answer inquiries.
e Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed process improvements.
¢ Maintained and controlled server room, wireless network, and server infrastructure.
¢ Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.
¢ Tested performance, functionality and security of network systems, individual workstations and peripheral devices.
¢ Maintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.
¢ Mentored other technologists and support professionals to provide professional development and skill enhancement.
¢ Developed online documentation for common processes for both support staff and end-users.
¢ Troubleshot hardware issues and worked with service providers to facilitate repairs for end users.

e Increased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.

Front End Associate, 02/2015 to 06/2018
The Tjx Companies, Inc. — Brighton, MI
* Maintained clean and clutter-free front-end area.
e Greeted customers upon arrival and offered assistance with locating store merchandise.
¢ Processed and completed cash or credit transactions accurately.
¢ Re-stocked check-out line and end-cap displays with new merchandise.
e Collected and relocated shopping carts, baskets and reusable bags to appropriate areas.
¢ Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.
¢ Packaged, transported, and loaded customer orders into shopping carts and vehicles for carry-out or pick-up service.
¢ Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
¢ Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
¢ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
e Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.
e Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.
¢ Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
¢ Met high productivity standards in processing payments for customers.
¢ Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.
¢ Helped with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.
¢ Maximized sales potential by preparing, storing, rotating and merchandising products at point-of-sale.
¢ Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
¢ Scanned customer purchases and supported transactions to streamline sales process.
¢ Inventoried stock and placed new orders to keep supplies within optimal levels for expected demands.
e Answered customer quests, provided store information and escorted to desired store areas.
¢ Observed company return policy when processing refunds by inspecting merchandise for wear or damage.
¢ Promoted specific item options to drive sales and achieve add-on purchases.
¢ Assisted customers with account updates, new service additions and promotional offers.
¢ Maintained professional store appearance by inspecting checkout areas and directing team members in cleaning, trash removal

and other actions.
Education and Training

Associate of Science: Information Technology, 02/2018
Valencia College - Orlando, FL