JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic, motivated, goal oriented professional seeking a new career utilizing organizational leadership, time management and attention to
detail to foster a team building environment. With a passion for developing leaders. coaching, and mentoring a cohesive team to maintain a
positive productive work environment with open communication and creative ideas to benefit the organization.

SKILLS
¢ Command Post of the Future (CPOF) © Operations
« JCR Log and Blue Force Tracking (BFT) « Common Remote Operated Weapon (CROW) T3 certified
¢ Microsoft Windows Operating Systems (Server and Client) * Cisco Router and switches
¢ Satellite Transportable Trailer (STT) e Telecommunications
e Secure Internet Protocol Router/Non-Secure Internet Protocol e Technical support and assistance
Router (SIPR/NIPR) Access Point (SNAP) e Excellent writing skills and ability to communicate effectively.
« Very Small Aperture Terminal (VSAT) e Strong team work skills and ability to also work alone.
e SharePoint Administration e Strong communications skills ability to communicate at multiple
© Warfighter Information Network — Tactical (WIN-T) levels with multiple audiences.
e Knowledge Management e Ability to develop briefing materials, administrative, and logistics
support.
Work History

03/2019 to Current Information Technology Instructor
Keiser University — Philadelphia, PA
e Teaching basic level computer troubleshooting and maintenance procedures
e Also instruction simple network concepts and the OSI model
e Ethernet CATS cable construction, Subnet and VLSM are also covered in the curriculum
e We push the students with their new knowledge by building and programming an entire network with Cisco
routers, switches, and end user devices.
© Meticulously update student grades and performance through Intel-Link Fort Gordon SCDC SharePoint site, Black
Board and DTMS. While maintaining local records with Excel scattergrams in accordance with TRADOC 350-5 .
e Responsible for ensuring that all students fully comprehended the taught curriculum and provided support to
students who required help to boost confidence and competencies
e Worked closely with the other instructors to ensure all avenues of the curriculum are met and delivered.
e Adopted distinctive teaching methodologies, documented all lessons, organized healthy group discussions.
e Delivered 6 hours per day of instruction in theory and hands on programming labs
¢ Conduct classroom instruction, prepared daily lesson plans, administered tests, provided feedback on learning
achievements.

01/2011 to 10/2017 Forward Signal Support Noncommissioned Officer
Leidos — Shaw Air Force Base, SC

e Supported NATO operations working with 11 different countries and keeping clear communication despite harsh
climate and abstract tactical components.

e Actively engage senior staff through coordination of meetings and generate continuity through Communication of
policy changes, operations, addressing issues and problem solving.

e Create weekly agendas. and conduct scheduled meetings through conference calls and video teleconferencing.

e Supervised staff of 15 Information Technology and Communications personnel and three team leaders.

¢ Provide end user support receiving work order tickets through Remedy ticketing system.

e System administration, imaging, active directory support, SharePoint, outlook email, file share permissions, cabling
and network/system troubleshooting.

e Hardware installation, routers, switches, Voice-Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) phones.

10/2005 to 03/2010 Information Technology support
US Army — City, STATE

e Ensure security of data stored on the company shared drive/file server.

e Conduct Bi-weekly assent inventory for all computer, radio, telecommunications and peripheral.

Remote system administration, active directory and exchange account support.

e Troubleshoot network connectivity issues for all mobile devices and computers.

e Actively verify security clearances, submit and review background checks

e Enforce proper handling of information based on classification and proper storage measures

e Identify and disseminate potential security risks and update security policies., Provide full support to the tactical
operations center for all radio and data communications.

e Implement and troubleshoot all devices and recommend lifecycle upgrades.

© Coordinated the daily functions of facility management, training updated Defense Training Management System
(DTMS) and current operations

e Interpret policy: implement guidance, review unit readiness reports, and plan future operations.

¢ Developing a PACE plan to ensure communication redundancy.

e Conduct annual inspections on subordinate units and assess their readiness through Unit Status Reporting and
recommend corrective action plans.

e Prepare briefings, Yearly Training Briefs (YTB), and facilitate collective training through Unit Training System
(UTS).

¢ Responsible for supporting Mission Command to Six subordinate units with the following logistical capabilities:
Ammunition Supply, Field Maintenance, Water Purification and Communication Management.

e Complete training guidance for the Battalion Commander and develop training plans for the future.

¢ Installed, configured and validated SharePoint 2010 for upgrade and migration from SP-2007

e Administered SharePoint 2010 Enterprise environments with over 1,000 Intranet and Extranet for NATO users.

e Created new Sites with Unique Permissions, List and Libraries, and included workflows and user groups

e Analyzed and monitored services and performance, and have governed access permission for NATO Intranet and

Extranet SharePoint sites.
EpucaTIon
2004 High School Diploma
Cross Creek High School - Augusta, GA
CERTIFICATIONS

« CompTIA Security+
¢ CompTIA Network+