Information Technology Manager ERGO: O27) 258 18 8

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

More than 17 years of experience applying people, process, problem-solving, and technical skills
to improve Individual, tearn and organizational performance. An impassioned tearn leader who
mentors with purpose and understands that strong working relationships create great teams and
product exceptional results.

Skills

WIN 2000 MCSE — 2002, NT 4,0 MSCS --1999, VMWare ESXi 5 and Server.
Work Experience

Information Technology Manager
Pen Inc. - June 2013 - 2019

Plan, organize, control and evaluate IT and electronic data operations.
Design, develop, implernent and coordinate systerns, policies and procedures,
Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems,
Act in alignment with User needs and systern functionality to contribute to organizational
policy,

* Manage staff by recrulting, training and coaching ernployees, communicating job expectations
and appraising their performance.

* Identifying problernatic areas and irmplernenting strategic solutions.

* Preserve assets, information security anc control structures,

Information Technology Manager
ABC Corporation - January 2010 - June 2012

Primarily responsible for evaluating and developing company-wide technical strategy to

streamline functions and Improve productivity.
Responsible for stabilizing and improving a multi-entity company network frorn headquarters

through six (6) branch offices,
24/7 On-call in support of data center network operations.

Responsible for managing, mentoring, and developing a tearm of four (4) IT Professionals.
* Responsible for firewall routing for various network services Including video, voice, and data

signals,
* Responsible for extracting and manipulating data frorn acquired cornpanies for database

import,
+ Assist sales in presenting technical projects to potential custormers such as IR Based CCTV,

Access Control, and Network Build-outs, etc,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines