PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ()

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Insightful Senior Information Technology Manager with 20 years of IT leadership experience including
oversight of infrastructure, application support and security services. A visionary, result-oriented Technology
leader with a track record of collaborating with ownership to commit to innovative technology implementations.
Dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused delivery of technical solutions. Proven leader in directing
operations, maintenance and support of complex systems including extensive expertise with cloud
architecture and migration from on premises systems to hosted services including Azure AD, Microsoft
Endpoint Manager (Intune), Universal Print, MS365, iManage and more. Known for excelling at strategic
business planning, team building and leadership, relationship management, financial negotiations, and
change management expertise. Deadline sensitive and cost-conscious project management style with a focus
on innovation. Develops creative business solutions, leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering
engineering solutions for leading organizations. Highly adept in request for proposal development, technology
needs assessments, and staff training.

e Analytical and Critical Thinking « Cloud Architecture

« Teamwork and Collaboration e Azure AD

« Interpersonal Communication e¢ Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune)

« Project Management e Microsoft 365

« Change Management e Universal Print

« Relationship Management e Staff and User Training

e« Budget and Cost Analysis e Enterprise Management

« Enterprise Resource Planning « MCA, MCSE, MCDBA, MCP Credential
« Process Improvement ID#5444712

e ICSA (iManage), AA (Interaction), ITIL 4

SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICE MANAGER 09/2007 to CURRENT
Fenwick & West | City, STATE

e Reports directly to CIO. Manager of department comprising of twenty- four full time IT professionals
supporting 12 offices. Responsible for managing, training, mentoring, and continuous development of
24 employees including Desktop Engineering, Audio Visual, Deskside Support, and Service Desk Call
Center.

e Chief Technology Buyer for entire Firm. Developed and maintained $20 Million Budget for IT Service
department and developed IP application and support systems, integration procedures, and projects.
Responsible for, asset management and life cycle management.

e Managed and reduced IT spending to support budgeting processes and TCO modeling procedures.

e Designed and led implementation of company-wide enterprise security strategy for network and
hardware security, disaster recovery, data protection and information access across all major systems.

e Successfully helped Firm personnel transition from in-office to all remote in March 2020 while
onboarding over 600 new employees. Successfully kept computers on shelves during pandemic despite
shortages while systematically overcoming logistic hurdles and improving imaging, packaging, and
shipping processes.

e Designated point person for for all Firm construction projects. Complex IT installations from ground up
in New York City, Santa Monica, San Jose, Foster City and Washington DC. Oversaw major remodels in
San Francisco and Mountain View offices. Managed teams of contractors and full time staff by
coaching, mentoring and driving efficiency.

e Guided implementation of company-wide enterprise security strategy for network and hardware.
disaster recovery, data protection and endpoint protection.

e Negotiated software support contracts to drive cost savings. Supported budget process and Total Cost
of Ownership modeling to manage and reduce Firm spending.

e Analyzed network security and current infrastructure to assess areas in need of improvement and
develop solutions while establishing cost-saving measures to alleviate compliance risk through software
license audits.

e Reviewed and assessed architecture design, implementation, testing and deployment needs to identify
project requirements and costs.

e Migrated Firm from on premises Microsoft Active Directory to Azure AD. Implemented Identity
Management, Conditional Access, and Device Management including Windows 10/11, IOS, Android and
MacOS. Experienced with both on premises and Cloud Architecture systems. Expert with Active
Directory, Azure AD, SCCM, Intune, Microsoft 365, Cisco IP Telephony, and many other enterprise
systems.

e Interviewed, hired, trained and mentored staff from small team of six to current team of twenty-four by
coaching daily, leading performance reviews and offering constructive feedback. Researched and
recommended innovative and automated approaches to routine tasks. Authored service level
agreements for Service Desk/Help Desk operations. Fostered loyalty and low turn-over for IT staff.

e Created storage allocation for new build and existing Windows servers and clusters.

e Winner of three Fenwick Finest awards for Outstanding Service, Mentoring, and Teamwork.

e |LTA Member Liaison Silicon Valley (International Legal Technology Association)

INICDRMATION TECHNNOLOGY DIRECTOR 12/2000 to 09/2007
Morgan Miller Blair | City, STATE

e Management of all aspects of Firm's technology.

e Analyzed department and job-related functionality requirements to align technology priorities with
business needs.

e Interviewed, hired, trained and mentored staff by coaching daily, leading performance reviews and
offering constructive feedback.

e Fostered positive working environment that encouraged innovation, collaboration and accountability
and managed end-user needs with functional and security responsibilities.

e Developed and maintained service level agreements for strategic applications and measured
performance against objectives.

e Developed, tracked and controlled information technology operating budgets and cost and benefit
analyses for IT spending initiatives. Worked with leasing companies and vendors to obtain and maintain
Firm IT assets.

e Implemented, created and tested disaster recovery and business continuity plans and maintained
appropriate back-up system of all Firm data to collocation utilizing server virtualization technology.
Expertise with VMware and Microsoft Virtual Server.

e Performed regular audits and tests of infrastructure and applications.

e Stayed abreast of current technology advancements, emerging standards and |S regulations to meet
strategic technology goals. Actively identified opportunities for application optimization, redesign, and
development to troubleshot and resolve user and application issues.

e Led and assisted technical upgrade projects for Firm by working and coordinating with consultants and
developers for integrations to support and improve network operations.

e Played key role in on-going network design. reevaluation and optimization to keep pace with company
growth. Supervised Firm move to upgraded facility in 2006. Designed and built state-of-the-art
conference rooms, wired and wireless network, and server room.

e Extensive experience and expertise with litigation support needs and trial presentation using
Summation, Trial Director, Legal Access Ware. CaseMap, TimelineXpress. Frequent guest speaker and
Contra Costa Bar Association events on subject of litigation support application use. Project manager
for multiple Firm wide migrations/rollouts.

e Chairman of Firm Technology Committee: only non-attorney to chair committee at Firm.

e Five years of experience with Voice over IP and Unified Messaging. Recognized BlackBerry expert and
frequent guest speaker regarding applications beyond email to BlackBerry at Wireless Enterprise
Symposium, ILTA, and other industry venues.

e Webmaster for Firm's Web site, Intranet, and Extranet.

e Engineer for Intel based server farm of 30+, 75 desktops, Cisco network, Cisco wireless, NetApp NAS/
SAN, and Avaya IP phone system.

e Application expertise includes: Windows 2003 Active Directory, Symantec Ghost, Citrix, Exchange 2007,
2003, 2000 and 5.5, BlackBerry, SQL Server, Elite, DTE, Prolaw, iManage, Interaction, Microsoft Office,
iCreate, Macromedia Design Suite, Photoshop, DeltaView, Hot Docs, RightFax, EAS, eCopy,
Dictaphone.

TEOHNOLOGY COMPANY OWNER 09/1997 to 12/2000
Computer House Calls | City, STATE

e Founded and expanded Technology Service company to 20 employees servicing desktops and
networks to businesses and at-home clients throughout East Bay region of San Francisco.

e Cross platform specialist with expertise in Windows, Novell, Linux, and Macintosh.

e Website Developer for over 30 companies.

e Generated and developed leads using networking to acquire new clients. Implemented business
strategies to increase revenue and effectively target new markets including law firms and technology
companies.

e Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture enduring relationships. Managed
purchasing, sales, marketing and customer account operations efficiently.

e Supported company goals through careful reinvestment of profits and automated manual workflows to
improve audit controls.

e Spearheaded revenue growth through sales, new and enhanced product development and new market
penetration.

e Reduced operational risks while organizing data to forecast performance trends.

e Handled problematic customers and clients to assist lower-level employees and maintain excellent
customer service.

e Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity, performance metrics, proper protocols
and customer service standards.

Bachelor of Science | Business Management Information Technology Focus 2005
Kaplan University
Graduated Summa Cum Laude

Ce tificate(s) | Computer Repair, Operating Systems, And Networking 1997
Loma Vista, Concord, CA

AsCociate of Science | Dental Hygiene 1990
Chabot College, Hayward, CA
Graduated with Highest Honors

BuCiness Management
Brigham Young University, Provo, UT
1980-1985