JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic Information Technology Professional skilled in guiding navigation of modern technology. Accustomed to driving efficiency and
effectiveness by developing, delivering and supporting strategic plans. Demonstrated skill in translating technical requirements to business
solutions. Successful record of building positive relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Experienced IT Professional with top-
notch implementation and project management abilities. Highly organized, methodical and skilled at overseeing daily milestones across high-
performance teams. Well-versed in project planning and deployment.

SKILLS

e Reporting template development e Project Scheduling
¢ Documentation Management e Cross-Functional Supervision
e Risk mitigation planning ¢ Team Building & Mentoring
e Waterfall methodology * Client Relations & Presentations
e Process improvement e Business & IT Planning
e Team management ¢ Zoho CRM
* Project organization * Odoo
e MS Office e Meraki
¢ Problem resolution e Technical Writing
* Costing & Budgeting

Work HIsToRy

Information Technology Project Manager, 06/2019 - Current
Department Of Homeland Security — Elmira, NY
e Lead 30-50 multi-family and retail smart locker installation projects monthly.
e Oversee and track milestones to ensure timely completion of installs.
e Work with stakeholders and resources to ensure projects are delivered with quality, on time, and within budget.
e Communicate, with technical and non-technical resources across different audiences.
* Outline problem areas for compliance, accuracy and productivity.
e Facilitate cost management and cost analysis to prevent project overrun.
¢ Consult with teams regarding the design and deployment of CRM projects.
¢ Produce technical writing for installation projects and site prep needed.
¢ Preform qualitative risk analysis for the projects responsible for and create mitigation plans to resolve risks before they're realized.
¢ Provide input, assistance and guidance on process improvement efforts.
e Manage project scope, requirements, dependencies and deliverables daily.
¢ Clearly communicate complex issues and project dependencies that cross multiple business groups or units, meeting or exceeding the needs
of all impacted stakeholders.
e Gathered requirements, defined scopes, allocated resources and established schedules meeting or exceeding project demands.

Technical Support Engineer, 01/2019 - 06/2020
Kla-Tencor — Knoxville, TN
¢ Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.
e Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.
e Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better understanding.
« Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
¢ Broke down and evaluated user problems, using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions.
* Created support documentation that empowered and enabled user community to extend skills, leverage system features and find resolutions
to questions without intervention from support team.
e Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues and guide users through step-by-step solutions
¢ Recorded problems and resolutions in Zoho One help desk ticketing system.
« Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.
¢ Followed up with clients to verify optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem resolution.

K9 Handler, 02/2016 - 01/2019
Fedex Cross Border — Jackson, TN
* Top Secret Security “Q” clearance (DOE)
e Explosive detection, tracking, Narcotics and Human Detection.
e Ensure site security by working to prevent potential threats
¢ Responsible for searching warehouses that house plant inventory, personnel Vehicles and suspicious packages.
e Trained to identify explosive materials and narcotics.
e Managed regular training and health maintenance.
e Formulated daily reports on canine daily inspections.
e Assess the policy and procedures to ensure the compliance for DOE order and contract compliance.
¢ Troubleshoot and control the K-9 monitor room (EODS)
e Tracked metrics such as overall health, behaviors and diet to isolate and address concerns.

Lighting Project Manager , 01/2015 - 01/2018
Johnson Controls, Inc. — Saginaw, MI
* Developed and initiated projects, including managing costs, schedule and performance.
e Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives by setting realistic timelines and checkpoints.
e Processed electrical rebates for utility companies throughout U_S.
e Oversee the projects, installations and logistics.
e Managed electrical equipment and delegated tasks to maintenance technicians.
® Inspected job sites and met requirements, per the Nation Electrical Code (NEC).
* Oversaw projects for lightening by planning, designing layouts, scheduling and installation.
e Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.
e Eliminated discrepancies by reviewing performance, status and safety adherence.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Information Technology, 08/2019
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH
e Member of National Society of Collegiate Scholars
e Minor Cyber Security
e Graduated summa cum laude
¢ Graduated with 4.0 GPA