JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Resourceful System Administrator consistently responds to wide range of technical challenges with focused and creative approach. Highly

effective at problem solving and decision making. 5 years of progressive IT experience.

SKILLS
e Hardware Installation ¢ Problem Solving
e Technical Troubleshooting © Verbal and Written Communication
e User Support e Team Collaboration
¢ Software Management ¢ CompTIA Security+ Certification
Work HIsTory

Information Technology Specialist, 04/2017 - Current
New York University — New York, NY
¢ Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems and key processes.
* Facilitated best user experience through continuous support, training classes, webinars, improvements and communication of system
changes.
e Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.
¢ Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concerns.
e Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions.
e Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.
* Coached and trained end-users on functions, features and basic troubleshooting of software such as ITSM Remedy
¢ Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.
e Managed customers' expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience.
¢ Resolved escalated issues by serving as subject matter expert on wide-ranging issues.
¢ Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.
* Trained end-users of Microsoft 365 on use, functionality and application to business problems.
¢ Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.

Assistant Supervisor, 04/2013 - 04/2017
Eaton Corporation — North Little Rock, AR
e Supported Supervisor by preparing production reports and collating quality documentation.
e Revised work practices to improve efficiency, boost quality and meet production goals.
e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.
e Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.
e Tracked department resources and expenses.
¢ Coordinated with day shift supervisor to balance staffing as workloads changed.
e Managed records and documentation for payroll, inventory control and workflow.
¢ Submitted documentation and reports to upper management.
e Handled customer complaints, resolved issues and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.
¢ Provided supportive link between external customers and internal operations.
e Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.
¢ Mentored newly hired employees on operating equipment and safety and developed training manual to use for reference.
e Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes, employee knowledge and
customer demands.
* Set overall vision and provided team leadership.
¢ Developed training, task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to employees.
¢ Introduced team contests and goals to enhance productivity and improve employee morale.

¢ Monitored workshop work flow for over 50 employees.

Correctional Officer, 03/2012 - 04/2013
County Of Gwinnett — Lawrenceville, GA
* Observed and supervised inmates throughout visits, meal time, recreation, phone calls and showers.
e Tracked inmates through head counts, visitor logs and scheduled activities.
¢ Prepared, processed and maintained forms, reports, logs, records and activity journals.
e Escorted inmates to and from cells, court, hospitals and medical appointments.
¢ Conducted routine and emergency head counts.
e Inspected work sites and crew trucks for contraband, cleanliness and safety.

e Addressed inquiries from general public, other staff, inmates and visitors to resolve concerns.

Team Lead, 03/2011 - 02/2012
Raytheon Technologies Corp — Virginia Beach, VA
e Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage for short shifts.
e Minimized resource and time losses by addressing employee or production issue directly and implementing timely solutions.
© Prepared detailed reports on updates to project specifications, progress, identified conflicts and team activities.
e Tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements.
e Established open and professional relationships with team members to achieve quick resolutions for various issues.

e Continuously checked products for quality assurance according to strict guidelines.

EDUCATION
Master of Science: Information Technology Management, 11/2021

Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT

Bachelor of Science: Theatre, 05/2010

Prairie View A & M University - Prairie View, TX

CERTIFICATIONS

Security +
CEH
CAPM