PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills,
excellent time management and problem-solving Skills. Organized and dependable candidate successful at
managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team
goals.

« Hardware Installation e« Troubleshooting

« Software Management e Software Updates

« Application Configuration e Hardware and Software Configuration
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST 08/2021 to CURRENT

National Aeronautics And Space Administration | Hampton, VA

e Maintain, process, and troubleshoot military computer systems/operations
e Construct, edit, and test computer programs

e Provide customer and network administration services

e Provide maintenance on networks, hardware and software

AC MINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 04/2016 to CURRENT
Miramed | Jackson, MI

e Answered multi-line phone system, routing calls, delivering messages to staff and greeting visitors.

e Restocked supplies and submitted purchase orders to maintain stock levels.

e Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.

e Edited documents to improve accuracy of language, flow and readability.

e Updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze and report on performance and sales data.

e Managed incoming correspondence to enhance employee performance and reduce time spent on
processing and responding.

e Leveraged accounting software to manage expenses and keep track of finances.

e Scheduled office meetings and client appointments for staff teams.

e Conducted onboarding to help new hires adjust to administrative and performance aspects of jobs.

e Booked airfare, hotel and ground transportation to coordinate office travel.

e Scheduled conference rooms, prepared agendas and maintained calendars to prepare for meetings
and events.

e Interacted with vendors to purchase and set up equipment and services.

e Generated reports and typed letters in Word and prepared PowerPoint presentations.

e Monitored office calendars to plan meetings, activities and travel to maximize productivity.

e Setup conference rooms. technology and materials to facilitate meetings.

e Created presentations to inform, motivate and persuade internal and external audiences.

e Offered technical support and troubleshot issues to enhance office productivity.

e Recorded meeting minutes to provide historical account of actions, measure progress against strategic
plan and drive accountability.

e Created detailed expense reports to facilitate reimbursement for business expenses incurred.

e Received and sorted incoming mail and packages to record, dispatch or distribute to correct recipient.

W/_REHOUSE ASSOCIATE 09/2018 to 10/2022
W.W. Williams Company | Perrysburg, OH

e Inspected incoming and outgoing shipments to verify accuracy and prevent errors.

e Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to
uncover and address inaccuracies.

e Manually or mechanically loaded and unloaded materials from pallets, skids, platforms, cars, lifting
devices, or other transport vehicles

e Handled daily customer service aspects and maintained positive relationships with external customers
and freight partners.

e Volunteered to assist with projects, demonstrating willingness to learn new tasks and increase skill
levels.

e Worked safely around moving machinery.

e Unloaded pallets and deliveries and organized products in warehouse.

e — Utilized forklift or pallet truck to load, unload, transport and store goods.

TEOM MEMBER 04/2015 to 04/2016
Long John Silvers | Wood River, IL

e Contributed to team success by completing jobs quickly and accurately.

e Pursued learning opportunities to advance knowledge and take on leadership position.

« Adjusted equipment to meet different productivity levels.

e Kept work areas clean, organized and safe to promote efficiency and team safety.

« Maintained productive, efficient approach to all tasks.

« Worked scheduled shifts and remained available to work during coworker absences, holidays and busy
periods.

« Coordinated project work applying strong team leadership for enhanced success.

e Instructed junior team members on protocols and procedures of each station to maximize contributions.

e« Created seasonal displays to showcase new and promotional merchandise.

« Continuously checked products for quality assurance according to strict guidelines.

e« Sought out ways to go above and beyond job requirements.

e Maintained work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for positions.

« Inspected equipment and conducted basic repairs to keep machinery operational.

« Resolved issues quickly to maintain productivity goals.

¢« Maintained order accuracy and customer satisfaction by double-checking packing labels while
packaging products.

e« Learned all required tasks quickly to maximize performance.

« Worked different stations to provide optimal coverage and meet production goals.

¢ Operated register to process payments and collect cash payment for order totals.

« Broke down boxes and cartons, disposing of refuse in proper cardboard receptacles.

« Developed strong cooperative relationships with coworkers and managers.

« Trained new team members by relaying information on company procedures and safety requirements.

No Degree | Forensics
Anne Arundel Community College, Arnold, MD

High School Diploma 06/2015
Old Mill High School, Millersville, MD