JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Accomplished with over 10 years of information technology experience. Tech-savvy professional well-versed in installing and configuring
computer systems, diagnosing hardware and software defects and supporting new application roll-outs. Certified in Microsoft Certified Expert
and Microsoft 360 Certified Modern Desktop Administrator Associate. Committed to providing efficient, high-quality support. Flexible hard
worker ready to learn and contribute to team success. Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good
customer service and positive attitude will make a difference.

SKILLS
¢ Hardware updates e System updates
¢ Safety protocol e Permissions management
e Application installations e Diagnosing issues
¢ Troubleshooting and diagnostics e Server improvements
« New program installations e Hardware expertise
EXPERIENCE

04/2012 to Current Information Technology Specialist
Marathon Petroleum Corporation — Columbus, OH
¢ Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.
e Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses.
e Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to determine resolutions to problems and answer
e Tested performance, functionality and security of network systems, individual workstations and peripheral devices.
e Mentored other technologists and support professionals to provide professional development and skill
enhancement.
¢ Troubleshot hardware issues and worked with service providers to facilitate repairs for end users.

09/2020 to Current Customer Service Representative
Fredbeans — West Chester, PA
e Supported customer service goals and enhanced relations through friendly, knowledgeable and positive
communication.
e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns.

03/2014 to 02/2020 Barber
Sage Hospitality Resources, Llp — Denver, CO
e Sanitized workstations and salon equipment to reduce risk of infection.
¢ Clipped and sheared hair into diverse cuts and fades for customers daily.
e Sanitized equipment and parts and maintained work areas in neat fashion.
¢ Pre-booked future appointments to increase repeat business.
e Resolved customers concerns with knowledgeable and professional approach.
e Responded to customer inquiries by phone, email and in person.
¢ Pursued continuing education and training to stay up to date with new trends and techniques.
e Shaved customers daily using standard and straight razors or clippers.
e Handled incoming phone calls and scheduled appointments.
Styled and designed traditional and contemporary hairstyles for men and women daily.
Utilized diverse knowledge to style hair as requested.
Selected hair colors, products and services based on customer preference and individually designed hair care plan.

Set up workstation and treatment room with products, equipment and supplies to facilitate services -

Met with customers to discuss style options, preferences and special requirements.
Supervised front-end of salon, booked appointments, inventoried sales area and coordinated employee schedules to

maximize operations.
e Recommended hair styles to compliment clients’ facial features and coloring.
¢ Maintained updated knowledge of industry products and chemical composition structure and properties.
e Designed and recommended home hair care regimens and treatments to meet individual customer needs.
e Examined hair texture and condition to determine appropriate treatment.
¢ Cut and styled natural, artificial, colored or textured hair.

03/2004 to 03/2014 Housekeeping Room Attendant
Stanford Hotel Group — Pleasanton, CA
¢ Employed deep-cleaning techniques for areas in need of additional sanitation.
e Washed and polished glass windows and doors to keep entryways clear and professional.
e Interacted pleasantly with clients and patrons when performing daily duties.
e Organized supplies for efficient use based on expected customer needs.
¢ Managed client laundry with proper care and attention to needs of different linens and articles of clothing.
¢ Monitored safe usage of chemical cleaners to prevent inhalation, spillage and chemical burns.
e Furnished guests with clean linens and supplied rooms with toiletries as needed or requested.
© Moved beds, sofas and furniture to wipe down baseboards and alleviate dust and dirt from hard-to-reach areas.
¢ Completed more than jobs each while maintaining % satisfaction rating from customers.
¢ Used equipment and chemicals by following all manufacturer instructions to avoid burns, injuries and workplace
accidents.

01/1994 to 03/2014 Stocker
Northern Tool — Des Moines, LA
e Maintained accurate order and shipment forms and inventory documentation to facilitate timely material flow.
e Received incoming product deliveries and relocated to storage shelves, coolers or bins.
¢ Removed debris from aisles to avoid blocking customers or adding any safety concerns.
¢ Followed proper stock rotation procedures to minimize obsolescence and removed any out of date items from sales
floor.
e Checked shelves to determine adequate stock levels.
¢ Blocked and faced all products on shelves and displays to meet company policies.
e Maintained neat, safe and orderly workspace to prevent accidents and injuries.
e Properly disposed of debris and box packaging.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Business Administration And Management
Shelby State Community College - Memphis Tn