INNA UBER, MBA, PMP

Valley Village, California 91607
818.524.9717 © uberinna@aol.com

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
STRATEGIC PLANNING e PROCESSIMPROVEMENT e PROJECT LEADERSHIP

Hands-on, solutions-oriented IT professional with 15+ year progressive career record spanning full range of IT

operations and application development for multibillion dollar health care, insurance, and financial service corporations.

Well-equipped with MBA in Technology Management and extensive background in large-scale IT planning and

architecture, application design/development, and SDLC and Waterfall methodologies. Proven record of developing,

implementing, and integrating cost-saving business solutions and applications across multiple platforms, languages, and

environments.

e Visionary strategist; practiced in clarifying business requirements, creating functional specifications, and delivering
advanced IT/software solutions to effectively meet corporate needs.

e Advanced communicator and liaison between business and technology, with reputation for managing and
delivering multiple, large-scale projects on time and within budget.

e Build, lead, and motivate top-performing teams of technical professionals; skilled at improving team morale and
building rapport with individuals on all levels.

Core Competencies:

IT Strategy & Management e Healthcare IT e Sales/Marketing/Oracle CRM/Underwriting Applications
Relationship Building ¢ Interpersonal & Communication Skills ¢ Matrix/Non-Matrix Leadership
Pinancial/Budget Management @ Program/Project Management @ Process Reengineering
e Requirements Definition ¢ Resource Management e Vendor Relations
Custom Coding e Unit & System Testing ¢ System Conversion/ Migration

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
BANK oF AMERICA - Simi Valley, California June-October 2010

TECHNOLOGY DELIVERY MANAGER

* Managed complete lifecycle of the initiative including People (Business Analysts and developers), Process and
Technology

* Managed and controlled financial budget allocated for project

* Managed projects/program schedules (On-Time) and budget (On-Budget)

* Facilitated project team meetings to gather project status information as well as to provide information and
guidance to the project team members

* Acted as the primary customer contact between the project team and the customer. Mediated and resolved project
team conflicts

* Ensured compliance with all BAC and Enterprise Policies and Procedures (Procedures, Compliance, Supply Chain,
Information Security, etc.)

* Anticipated and take proactive measures to resolve potential gaps/conflicts and issues that could inhibit success

* Held joint accountability with Project Champion for delivery of business case benefits

WELLPOINT, INC. — Newbury Park, California 1998-2010
Flealth care provider; 10,000 employees and $15 billion revenue.

Senior Technology Manager (2001-2010)

Technology Manager (1998-2001)

Continued...