ROBERT M. TURNER

11259 Camine dela Rosa ooa Phome: (H) 619-917-5436
Chula Vista, C4 91911 Email: robert toner @ledwards.af mil

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT
SYSTEMS | INFRASTRUCTURE | STAFFING

A highly skilled and well seasoned seniorlevel IT manager with over 20 years of expertise in planning,
coordinating, implementing and evaluating the effectiveness of systems, infrastructure and staffing
required to accomplish department projects and objectives.

“PIONEERED COMPLETE GFFUTT INFASTRUCTURE UPGRADE — SOLUTION SAVED
$1.9 MILLION; NETWORK SPEED INCREASED 1,4000%.”
Lr. CoLcvet Jay E. Branson

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Strategic / Tactical Planning Project Management Staff Training / Development
Budget Management Vendor Negotiation Policy / Program Development
Team Building { Coaching Solid Leadership SHills Staffing / Employee Relations

TOP SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE
Mote than 20 years of experierwe leading, planning, and supporting a functionally organized, technically
otiented environment with staff working on a wide variety of technical activities. Expertise in forecasting,
developing and implementing orpanizational initiatives. Ability to think strategically and programmatically.
A master in setting priorities allocating resources, providing follow-through assuring a well-organized
workforce and providing evaluation of projects and efforts.

US AiR FORCR- EDWARDS AFB, CA

Special Projects Coordinator (2005 - Present)

Operate, maintain, and defend command, cortrol, commurications and computer systems valued at $117
million dollars. Support the communication / computer needs of 9.000 users stationed at United States
Strategic Command and the Air Force Apency. Flan and deploy communication solutions worldwide
budgeted at more than $10 million dollars annually.

» Support the Commander in an array of forums addressing the full spectrum of command, control,
communications and computer issues and initiatives.

» Facilitate substantive group efforts and serves asliaison for two squadronsin the arena of special projects
collaboration.

Achievements: Led 13-4member staff sustaining largest special ops voice/data ever constructed — first ever
report of 100% uptime.

US AIR FORCR- EDWARDS AFB, CA

Deputy Commander (2003 — 2005)

Led 326 military, civilian, and contract personnel delivering base communicators to support ACC's largest
wits.

» Directed 24/7 mission critical operations and maintenance activities for base level computer systems,
Federal Aviation Administration compliant navigational aids, visual information services, and base
information systems.

» Oversaw activities on communication and computer systems valued at over $117 million dollars and
managed an annual budget of over $3 million dollars.

Achievements; Chaired Offutt’s working group for communication and architecture diversity — eradicated
single points of failure. Led iretall of ACC's first wireless network; critical benchmark for ACC & AF saving