JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Information Specialist experienced in managing data for employers and clients and distributing information across organization. Analyze
data, ensure security, organize and classify, maintain records and contribute to team efforts. Expertise in information technology, technical
understanding, documentation, reporting, customer service and process improvement. Knowledgeable Information technology professional
with background in project management, business and systems analysis, installation and configuration. Over (3) years of experience in
deskside and remote technical support. Skilled Technologist with experience configuring computers, servers and peripheral devices to work
within established company and security parameters. Adept at managing permissions, filters and file sharing. Detail-oriented Computer
Technician with [2] years of high-quality technical service experience in large corporate environment for internal and external clients ranging
from executives to end-users. Looking to provide exceptional customer service troubleshooting and repairing full range of desktop, laptop.
multifunction printers, Microsoft Office products, Blackberries and Remote Support Tools.

SKILLS

¢ Information technology literacy skills e Information analysis techniques

e Information security technology e Informational mapping

« Adept in technology e Information security

¢ System information e Public information research

e Providing information ¢ Technology development

¢ Gathering information e Information verification

¢ Information management e Information transmission management

¢ Technology-based curriculum e Sensitive information handling
Work History

10/2014 to 03/2016 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Year Up — Barrington, RI

e Maintained tactical control of project budgets and timelines to keep teams on-task and achieve schedule targets.

¢ Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems.

e Guided implementation of company-wide enterprise security strategy for network and hardware, disaster recovery,
data protection and endpoint protection.

e Liaised effectively with others to promote on-going network design, reevaluation and optimization that scaled with
company growth.

¢ Delivered effective integrations of warehouse management system software applications so that tasks could be
centrally managed.

e Analyzed architecture design, scoping, implementation, testing and deployment needs to define project
requirements.

e Coordinated with management teams to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet client's vision,
mission and purpose.

e Analyzed network security and current infrastructure to assess areas in need of improvement and develop solutions.

05/2012 to 08/2014 Customer Service Representative
Agilent Technologies, Inc. — Sacramento, CA
¢ Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers in fast-paced environment.
e Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants.
¢ Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and
resolving concerns.
e Answered constant flow of customer calls with up to [10] calls in queue per minute.
e Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals
e Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales.
¢ Compiled customer feedback and recommended service delivery improvements to management.

04/2011 to 12/2013 Call Center Representative
Jordan's Furniture — Brockton, MA

e Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital information
updates

e Contributed to company achieving and holding industry-leading customer service ratings

e Evaluated customer information to explore issues, develop potential solutions and maintain high-quality service

e Enhanced productivity by staying on top of call scripts and maintaining control over direction of conversations

« Responded to average of 100 calls on behavior helpline during each shift

e Analyzed and escalated complaints, issues and grievances to designated departments for investigation and response

e Learned and maintained in-depth understanding of product information, providing knowledgeable responses to
diverse questions

e Recommended [Product or Service] to customers, thoroughly explaining details

e Ensured accurate responses to questions and inquiries by maintaining advanced product knowledge

e Communicated with customers to assess and address individual needs, providing timely and quality support via
BOP systems

e Reached out to customers after completed sales to suggest additional service or product purchases and inquire
about needs or concems

« Answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing

01/2011 to 12/2012 Information Management Officer
Xator — Bethesda, MD

¢ Worked with team members and other personnel to coordinate and deploy personnel and resources.

e Oversaw facility and system updates and enhancements to keep operations in line with current demands.

e Kept communication equipment functional and ready for any need.

¢ Conducted training and change management processes to improve operations.

e Investigated and resolved customer complaints to foster satisfaction.

¢ Implemented brand and demand strategies to meet revenue targets for business services and products.

e Managed quality assurance program including on site evaluations, internal audits and customer surveys.

e Determined and recommended methods to address improvement opportunities.

¢ Created and managed knowledge base to offer staff and customers immediate informational access to products,
services and organization.

e Researched competitive solutions and maintained competitive market comparisons and evaluations.

e Analyzed current business plan, identified inefficiencies in existing processes, and tracked performance following
implementation of improvements.

¢ Documented meeting minutes and distributed to staff to facilitate follow-up and permanent record.

© Developed and executed plans to monitor standard process adherence.

EpucaTIon

01/2013 Bachelor of Arts: Information Technology
MAKERERE UNIVERSITY - UGANDA

03/2008 High School Diploma

KINAWA HIGH SCHOOL - UGANDA