JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Knowledgeable IT Supervisor and aspiring Manager oversees technology deployment and maintenance. Instructs and leads IT staff members
in support of hardware, software and networking infrastructure. Actively works with executives to determine and implement tech needs.
Manages technology strategy, training and documentation.

SKILLS
¢ Documentation and reporting e Training and Development
* Quality assurance e Flexible and Adaptable
* Project lifecycle management e Excellent Communication
e Infrastructure development ¢ Multitasking Abilities
¢ Security planning © Self-Motivated
« Budget administration e Teamwork and Collaboration
e MS Office e Attention to Detail
« Active Listening e Team-Building
Work History

06/2018 to Current Information Technology Supervisor
Cypress Energy — Oh, OH

e Oversaw IT department operations and training for over 30+ staff members.

e Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems.

¢ Guided organizational technology strategy and roadmaps.

e Wrote policy, procedure and manuals governing internal IT use.

e Led technology selection and rollout, focusing on organizational planning, provider contracts and supplier service-
level agreements.

e Adjusted project plans to account for dynamic targets, staffing changes and operational specifications.

* Coordinated ongoing technical training and personal development classes for 30+ staff members.

e Worked closely with multiple management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies
aligned to client's vision, mission and purpose.

¢ Identified computer hardware and network system issues, performing troubleshooting techniques for remediation.

11/2015 to 06/2018 System Administrator
Applied Underwriters — Omaha, NE

e Worked with users to determine areas of technology in need of improved usability.

e Implemented corrective plans of action for network availability, utilization and latency.

e Designed proactive preventive maintenance schedules to prevent unnecessary downtime and hardware faults.

e © Installed and upgraded Timekeeping, Signage, Security Camera, Ticketing, Food and Merchandise and other
third-party software.

e Evaluated latest technology innovations and adopted cost-effective, useful solutions.

e Oversaw file system, storage and other digital asset upgrades while safeguarding data integrity and redundancy.

¢ Completed reports detailing network and systems performance, costs and downtime issues.

¢ Provisioned new software and hardware for use according to internal business and security policies.

e Mentored and trained new staff to build highly productive group of Senior and Junior Computer Specialists.

¢ Managed onboarding and offboarding of employees.

e Spearheaded inventory control measures to replenish and maintain IT equipment, supplies, tools and replacement
parts.

* Coached and mentored employees and offered constructive feedback for performance improvement.

e Provided comprehensive training to internal and off-site users to optimize systems maintenance and resolve
recurring issues.

¢ Oversaw IT activities to maintain operations by maintaining laptops, tablets and other mobile devices for 35+
users.

06/1993 to 06/2013 Systems Manager
Conduent Incorporated — Sandy, UT

e Drafted change management policies to streamline introductions of new software and systems.

¢ Created and maintained policy documentation on Multiple Communications Platforms, detailing best practices and
inherent goals.

e Drafted and enforced internal systems policies on factors such as system startup and maintenance procedures as
well as emergency shutdown procedures and Emergency Action Plans.

e Wrote and updated technical documentation covering system components.

e Recommended systems improvements to technical staff, prioritizing maximum return on investment (ROI).

e Kept computer systems operating at optimal performance levels.

e Responded to incidents quickly, troubleshot problems and corrected faults.

e Assisted in onboarding high-profile clients, going hands-on to encourage strong business relationship formation.

e Communicated with third party providers and business channel partners to maintain strong commercial alliances.

e Administered system controls, databases and networks.

¢ Provided remote troubleshooting and support for users.

¢ Oversaw internal reporting protocols for system malfunction incidents, designing pre-rendered incident report
formats to streamline response measures.

¢ Coordinated with management teams to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet client's vision,
mission and purpose.

e Led and assisted technical upgrade projects for clients by working and coordinating with consultants and
developers for integrations.

e Identified computer hardware and network system issues, performing troubleshooting techniques for remediation.

e Played key role in on-going network design, reevaluation and optimization to keep pace with company growth.

e Increased core system availability to over 95% by developing standards and architectural governance and
implementing best practices for tactical communications systems.

EpucaTIon

10/2016 Master of Science: Information Systems Management
Keller Graduate School of Management - Orlando

10/2015 Master of Science: Network And Communications Management
Keller Graduate School of Management - Orlando, FL

10/2014 Bachelor of Science: Network And Communications Management
DeVry University - Downers Grove, IL

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Supervised team of 20+ staff members.

¢ Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

e Achieved successful completion of 50+ projects and events through effectively communicating, collaborating and working with
numerous business and technology partners.

¢ Built a technical training program from the ground up in order to more effectively train new personnel and enhance skillset of existing
staff members.

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ CompTIA Network+

« CCNA Route and Switch
¢ CompTIA A+

« CompTIA Security+