JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated problem solver, effective communicator, and technician seeking transition from the U.S. Navy into a civilian career.
Successfully completed 1 overseas deployment. Works well with team members and groups from diverse backgrounds. Experienced in technical
troubleshooting, team management, administrative accountability, and supply management.

SKILLS

e Military experience e Team Lead
e Secret security clearance e Network and system security
* Desktop Support e Adept at training coworkers and new employees
¢ Software debugging e Safety oriented
¢ Troubleshooting and Diagnostics ¢ Root cause analysis
e Data Entry © Forklift operator
* Customer service expert ¢ Boom Lift operator
e Equipment maintenance specialization ¢ Scissor Lift operator
e Strong verbal communication ¢ Mission oriented
e Radio Frequency Transmission and Signal Processing

EXPERIENCE

Information Technology Specialist. 10/2021 - 12/2022
Department Of Defense — Barstow, CA
* Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.
e Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.
e Maintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.
e Reviewed requests for service to resolve IT difficulties, documenting and fielding tickets to improve problem resolution.
¢ Monitored IT use to maintain compliance with established processes, policies and guidelines.
e Tracked and prioritized IT tickets and requests based on severity and potential business disruptions involved.
e Maintained working knowledge of current hardware and equipment by completing required training and reading applicable literature.
e Maintained strong call control and quickly worked through scripts to address problems.
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

¢ Helped clients navigate online systems within established frameworks to obtain services.

Lead Maintenance Technician, 04/2020 - 07/2021
Firstservice Residential — Cliffside Park, NJ
e Inspected, replaced and repaired defective parts and completed preventive maintenance.
e Created and assigned work orders, delegated tasks and supervised work.
e Oversaw technicians and delegated duties.
¢ Monitored work order completion and worked with other team members on complex projects.
¢ Maneuvered forklift over and around loaded pallets, boxes and other materials.
e Maintained current forklift training and certification as required by company policies.
e Performed troubleshooting and diagnostic procedures on systems and components of forklift models.
e Read and followed schematics and diagrams for mechanical, electrical and hydraulic systems.
e Assessed equipment to determine cause of issue or malfunction and identified appropriate repairs.
* Explained technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from different backgrounds and in various job positions.

Fire Controlman, 02/2014 - 01/2019
United States Navy — City, STATE
¢ Graduated Boot camp April of 2014
e Promoted to the rank of E-2
-Lead radar technician
-Operated and performed maintenance on all missile launch functions
-Aided senior leadership by generating reports for executive decision-making support
-Directed and controlled crowds at base functions and organized and recorded facts to prepare incident reports
-Performed fault isolation radar systems for deployment readiness
- Volunteered for the United States Honor Guard as team lead
- I've led over 25 ceremonies for naturalizations resulting in 315 new US citizens
¢ Mentored over 3k sailor freshly out of boot camp with personnel and clerical duties
e 2015 promoted to the rank of E-3
e Barracks Supervisor
-Led room inspections for cleanliness and uniform inspects
e 2015-17 stationed in Virginia Beach for training
* 2016 promoted to 3rd class petty officer
* 2017 stationed in San Diego C_A

Server Support Team Lead, 10/2012 - 01/2014
Applebee's Neighborhood Grill — City, STATE
¢ Supplied accurate course and technique information.
e Maintained detailed records of what customers wanted and ordered, helping to increase profits when those customers returned at later date.
© Provided onsite training.
¢ Input customer data using Microsoft software and made immediate updates to reflect room changes.
* Provided excellent and professional service to ensure guest satisfaction.
¢ Processed incoming mail and packages and placed envelopes in bins to be dispersed to personnel in different staffing departments.
* Closed down kitchen after each shift and precisely followed closing checklist for kitchen stations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 2012
Allatoona High School - Acworth, GA

Military certificate: Basic electronics training, 2014
Apprentice Technical Training - Chicago, IL

e AC/DC Circuits

e Digital Electronics

e First Aid

¢ Motor and Generators

¢ Motor Controls

e Radar Systems

Electronics and Radar fundamentals certificate : Electronics and Radar fundamentals , 2015
A- School Electronics and Radar Stud - Chicago, IL

* Cable system installation and maintenance

e Electromechanical systems troubleshooting and maintenance

e Networking fundamentals

SPQ-9B Radar Technician , 2016

C-School - Virginia Beach, VA
e Electronic systems for troubleshooting and maintenance
© Performed preventive and corrective maintenance
e Ranked in top 3 percent of school

Rolling Airframe Missile certificate : Rolling Airframe Missile , 2016
C-School - Virginia Beach, VA

e Ranked number 1 sailor

e graduated top sailor in class with a 97.9%

e Electronic mechanical control systems