Senior Information Technology Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Spec list Email: info@qwikresume.com
ia Website: www.qwilres ume.cont
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

A motivaicd and experienced Senior Information Technology Specialist with 8 years’ experience in
the tnformation technology ficld, Proficient in hardware and software mainienance, as well as
supporting personel, Equally capable of working with a team or alone, and confident exercising
initiative and problem-solving. Very comfortable with all aspects of help desk support such as
troubleshooting. Installations, maintenance, and active directory support. Communicating with
end-users comes very naturally, Exemplary in identifying and resolving technical issues and
concerns of end-users.

Skills

Proficient With Microsoft Operating Systems Including; Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000, Server 2003
And Server 2008, Skilled In Microsoft Office Suites, Data Analysis, Metrics, Asset Management,
Lean Six Sigma

Work Experience

Senior Information Technology Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2012

* Served as the technical lead to evaluate, plan, coordinate and maintain the activity required to
ensure continuous availability and full functionality of the communications systems in a fast-
paced military bealth care environment

* Planned, organized and implemented multiple large scale moves, adds and changes.

* Drafted government documents to include operations and malnienance contracts, request for
proposals and standard operating procedures.

* Oversaw telecommunication projects to maintain health care and IT standards, including
vendor meetings, walkthroughs, progress updates, detail tracking, and project acecpiance.

* Maintained compliance of it and dod information assurance policies with the voice network.

* Acted in concert with other (t department leads to maintain a continuously open forum Lo
discuss, monitor, diagnose and resolve all it related issues efficiently and cflectively.

* Researched, assessed and recommended new technologies and products to advance the
capabilities of the organization.

Information Technology Specialist (Systems Administrator)
ABC Corporation - 2004 - 2010

* Worked with vendor representatives /engineers to determine causes of system failures, resolved
performance issucs, and arranged for preventative maintenance and other required services.

* Assisted the Information Systems Specialist (&ldquo!SS&rdquo;) with back-ups and
recov crics.

* Performed regularly scheduled restorations of media back-ups to test the capability of the
restoration process.

* Assisted the ISS in evaluating applicable products and projects.

* Researched and cvaluated new technologies, methods, products and performance tools.

* Qollaborated with user departments and teams to develop and implement automated
operations, security and communication, network design and management, custom application
analysis, design and development, and network integration and commectivity to other LAN and
mainframe systems,

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quikresumecam, Usage Guidelines