Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresurme, corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Information Technology Specialist Il ‘inked a tiniaatvceenoehioasure
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Experienced in testing, designing and enhancing IT Solutions. Committed to improving business
productivity, efficiency, and developing insightful solutions to current business practices, Ability to
document, analyze clients' existing systems and business models to understand their strengths
and weaknesses. Determined opportunities to automate existing functions and processes,
Translated business requirements into functional specifications and manage changes to those
specifications. Redesigned current business processes for newer technology.

SKILLS

Server 2003, Server 2008 R2, Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, Microsoft Office 2007, Microsoft Office
2013, Exchange 2003, Exchange 2008, Sharepoint, Active Directory

WORK EXPERIENCE

Information Technology Specialist Il
ABC Corporation - January 2011 - Present

* Promoting cost-effective, high-performance computer technology that will provide continuous
improvement to in-house productivity and efficiency,

* Contributing analytical and technical expertise regarding in-house computerrelated hardware
and plant/business information technology.

» Understanding the business process that utilizes computer Information technology.

* Installing, configuring, performance tuning, administering and troubleshooting all in-house
cornputer-related hardware and software.

* Complying with company data backup, disaster recovery, software licensing, security and
authorization policies,

* Maintaining an audit record of Plant hardware/software. Maintaining software licensing;

* Developing, documenting and maintaining necessary in-house Information and nor-plant floor
data collection systems.

Principal Information Technology Specialist
ABC Corporation - September 2006 - July 2010

* Setup, maintained, and troubleshoot all printers (including monitoring Ink levels and
Inventory),

* Managed Window updates for all end-user systems. Managed virus protection reports and
provide resolution to issues,

* Maintained company phone/cornmunication system,

* Evaluated system potential by testing the compatibility of new programs with existing

rograms.
. Eveliiated expansions or enhancements. by studying workload and capacity of the computer
stem.

. Maximized the use of hardware and software by training users, interpreting instructions, and
answering questions,

* This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
BS - 2011 (Jefferson Community College)

OTN Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings