JOHN H. SMITH

” 8.0 Box 1673 | Catahan, FL 322011
800, 991.5187 | into@igreatresumestast.com

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE

Visionary enterprise technology architect with diverse experience ranging from start-ups to Fortune 500 corporations. Creative

technology director with ability to identify solutions that will support business objectives. Innovative strategic planner able to
envision the macro- and micro-views and create roadmaps to success. pepianpichimaeyim been ed

and communicating the strategy, risks, issues and benefits of each to senior executives and non-technical stakeholders. Proven

ability to identify talented individuals and mentor them to create effective teams that achieve business goals.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

BRAND COMMUNICATIONS LLC
Chief Technology Officer / V.P. of Engineering 2010-Present

Chief software architect for start-up enterprise specializing in innovative data visualization solutions and iPhone apps
targeting the young adult market. peer hes beng Aattgsraporhs yest ao develop project strategy, roadmap
and outsource implementation or develop in-house small, hand-picked teams of international programmers
to bring products to market within 2 to 6 months. Lolenge hangs S08 tet stuaah end onves naamiaes @ todies
costs and optimize performance.

Develop and manage data collection, data cleansing, data analysis, data conversion, business intelligence/reporting,
database administration, data marts and data warehousing from multiple sources , external agencies and third parties. Utiize
Pentaho, MySQL, HTMLS, iOS, PHP, XML, Java Script, Java, Python, and JSON technologies.
* Developed and marketed profitable iPhone app that enables students to assess thei prospects for acceptance at
multiple colleges, based on individual GPA, test scores and other data.
* Created software architecture for mobile marketing system utilizing iPhone app to customize local promotions that
target students and parents visiting universities throughout the country.
° CE ee ee ee ee ee
to create interactive 3-D representations of complex data that is meaningful for human

ACME INCORPORATED

Director of Enterprise Architecture 2005-2010
Designed service-oriented enterprise architecture that was scaleable, SO OS as RN NN ae
technologies to achieve business goals. Directed multiple [T teams successfully implementing projects demanding
timelines and limited resources. Identified Solutions, structure and software to support