MICHAEL PARKER

310 South vest Street 999-888-7777
Rye, N¥ 55555 michaelp@earthlink net

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER

10 years’ experience in planning, developing, and implementing state of the art information solutions Facilitating
corporate growth, Lead cross-functional teams with diverse technical backgrounds, Designed budget controls, Adept at
consensus building, crisis management, problem-solving and negotiating. Well-rounded IT background of infrastructure
Management (networks, systems, web-hosting) and software development management, MS in Computer Science.
Strengths:

* Strategic Thinking — Secured $3,000,000 in capital funding over 2-year period with estimation that project
will add $17,700,000 in value through error-rate reduction and product improvement,

* Innovation and Creativity — Championed use of Java, CORBS based multi-tier application architectures,
Object-Oriented Analysis and Design, UML, and RUP, many of which have now been used company-wide.

* Risk Taking and Risk Management - Met all target goals by identifying and tracking hightisk areas, by
implementing risk mitigation early and contingency plans as needed, through proof-oFcorcept technical and
architectural prototyping, and by maintaining constant communication with program/project stakeholders,

* Results Orientation — Turned around key project that was one year behind schedule and met and exceeded
all goals and objectives. “We achieved B+ results with C- resources.” Adept VP of Biotechnology and Program
Sponser,

* Coaching and Mentoring — Most team members performed “above expectation” and all tearm members
raised level of their performance.

Mee? aff target goats and deadtines within or below badget.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ADEPT CORPORATION, New York, NY, 1998-Present,
Leading global provider of technology-based solutions and agricultural products. Supphy IT support for R&D
organization,

Program Manager, Dats Management and Decision Support Systems, 2002-Present
Developed IT vision and budget estimates (total $4.5 million) for proposed project. Co-wrote project proposal and
developed project execution, staffing, architecture, and capacity plans. Project approved 6/2002,

= Expect project results to improve Intellectual Property Protection for company products, valued at $1 billion,

Program Manager, Bistech and Moleaular Breeding IT Systems, 2000-2001

Developed national and international program vision, long+ange plans and goals and managed stakeholder and
sponser communication, Improved cost and schedule predictions of software projects utilizing estimation and
application sizing methodologies, Reduced risk of downtime in high-throughput environment preventing potential
loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars, Established “Best Practices” for software development projects at
organizational level, Experimented with Extreme Progamming methodology that allowed for quiker delivery and
higher quality products. 21 direct reports.

= Helped reduce time-to-market for products by up to 2 years and lowered cost per data point 6096 by enabling
increase in data throughput,

* Reduced labor costs 596 by restructuring teams, converting contractcr positions to employee status, and
renegotiating contractor rates,

= Created cost-savings of $30,000 to $350,000 to the research organization by nitiating project to track
scientific leads eliminating duplication of research efforts, Delivered software product on schedule,

= Slashed number of software bugs reported 5095 by improving software quality through comprehensive
testing, code inspections, and standardizing and streamlining software development process.

* Recipient of Top Performance Bonus Award, 2000,