Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

are Marshville Road,

> P : bucnl abama :
Information Technology Technician I (123)-456-7809
~ info@qwikresume.com
auaticnats om
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Seeking Customer Service position, Help Desk, Inforrnation Desk, Valet, SKILLS
Office Assistant, Office Manager, Administrative Assistant Bookkeeper, Microsoft Office,
Teller, Shipping Assistant, or Information Technology position that includes Windows Deployment
assisting clients. Service.
WORK EXPERIENCE
‘ LANGUAGES
Information Technology Technician I!
ABC Corporation- March 2005 - July 2006 English (Native)
ibititi French (Professional)
Sean e Spanish (Professional)
= Maintained the Internal company helpdesk and provided support to
locations in Tennessee and Georgia.
« Configured servers, routers, and switches that were to be deployed INTERESTS
throughout the organization. Climbing
= Maintained the entire asset Inventory for all IT assets in the Snowboarding
organization. Cooking
« Assisted with the installation of workstations, network infrastructure, Reading
and servers across the organization.
= Created the organizations first asset database for tracking mobile
handheld devices and printers, REFERENCES
= Configured and maintained Dell PowerEdge 2800 Series servers, Cisco Reference - 1 (Company
Fix 560E Firewall terminals, Cisco 2800 Series Ti Routers and Cisco Name)
Catalyst 295 0 Switches. Reference - 2 (Company
= Installed and configured more than 100 of the facilitys Name)

workstations/laptops while providing IT support to all end users and
executives to ensure efficient system usage,

Information Technology Technician
Fluor Corporation - 2004 - 2005
Responsibilities:
= Provide extensive and successful direct IT support to all Fluor LOGCAP IV
employees and clients,
= Strong client focus and genuine desire to assist, analytical skills,
persistence, good cornmunication skills, able to work as a part of the
team, patient ard tolerant, aptitude for technical activities and
methodical and disciplined approach to problem solving,
= Built data racks and install networking equipment Install and terminate
fiber optical cable, CAT 5 and 6 data cable and patch panels
Programming of switches and routers and administration rights and
privileges VOIP systems Able to create and interpret communication
drawing and schematic for communication circuits expertise in building
data network Infrastructure.
* Troubleshoot and repair WAN and LAN networks Programming of GSCO
switches and routers Diagnose computer problerns.
« Monitor computer processing systems.
= Installed software and perform test on computer equipment and

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines