Information Technology Director Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Management Strong business partner with over fourteen years of experience in Inforrnation
Technology leadership Visionary in the use of process and technology to enable efficient
operations and innovative revenue growth Expertise Ih leading multimillion dollar technology
based Initiatives Proven ability to find, lead, develop and retain top talent.

Skills

MS Cffice,

Work Experience

Information Technology Director
ABC Corporation - April 2008 - April 2009

Managed Information Technology and Engineering departments for a medical device and
custom eyeglass manufacturer.

Scope of responsibility included application development, production support, Infrastructure
design and Support, project management, and custorner service.

Specific accomplishments included Provided guidance and oversight on hardware and
software configuration management for 4 laser wavefront optical aberrometer.

Led development of an IT strategic plan for the organization resulting in irmplernentation of
several new projects designed to optimize the technology portfolio,

Canducted thorough audit of all IT policies and procedures leading to 4 major revision of
existing policies and development of nurnerous new policies.

Developed and managed annual departmental budgets for both the IT and Engineerina
departments.

Led development of business intelligence solution to provide real time sales and
manufacturing Information to key stakeholders throughout the organization,

Information Technology Director
perenne Memorial Hospital - 2005 - 2008

Direct all IT Department functions and activities, establishing a large server array, utilizing the
latest In HP- hardware, and leveraging expertise in Microsoft 2008 server, and the VMware
platform.

Oversee and manage all areas. of IT, Phone, Video, Security as well as leader on facility

disaster ready tearn, member of management tearns for oversight and quality.
Work closely with C level managers on new projects and hospital wide initiatives; aversee all

software support for EHR system and all associated applications,
Provide leadership to IT staff, as well support and training to help develop competency skills

needed to move forward with their careers.

Continue to manage the on-going requirements for Meaningful Use, with new builds, updates
and quality measures to be able to attest at the next required level.

Provide on call support on rotating basis, acting as help desk when staff requires support after
hours and on weekends.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines