Information Technology Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Intern/ Consultant Website: www.qwilres ume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Secking an Information Technology Intern position in the Information Technology Industry, To
maintain an environment that empowers every team member to make the greatest possible impact
on our business.

Skills

Communication Skills, Management.

Work Experience

Information Technology Intern/Consultant
J.R. Simplot Company Food Group - July 2015 - 2020

Provides echnical support of IT related technologies including mamualacturing equipment,
desktops, laptops, mobile clicnis, and network hardware and software systems.

Expericnees with imaging laptops, tablets, thin clients and PCs using corporate tmages from
file server.

Uses of Footprints trouble ticket system to manage and report IT-related tasks.

Takes over of RFgen scanner equipment mainienance, resulting in freeing up multiple
personne! from this additional responsibility.

Experiences In Active Directory and Imprivais Authentication Management Software,
Utilizes VNC bo remote into end-user devices, troubleshoot and resolve issucs within Windows
operating systems .

Experiences using configuration management database V3 to create configuration items and
moxiily their relationships.

information Technology Intern
Delta Corporation - 2014 - 2015

Tested, and serviced operating systems, application programs, hardware, and software within
the company.

Provided employees with computer help and information.

Camplcted all tasks needed within the office from hardware maintenance to handling foreign
phone calls.

Assisted with inter-office hardware mailing, repaired disabled machines, updated personnel
hardware records, updated computer workstations and -

Responsible for day to day support including resolution of network and hardware related
computer problems {hands-on diagnosis and repair}.

Example problems include VPN setup, network priniter/scanner communication, and security
door badge access controls,

Set up new wireless network.

Education

B.S. in Information Systems Management - 2012(University of Phoenix)

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines