Sam Williamson
2555 N. Ballard Avenue Phone: 253-555-1212
Seattle, WA 98102 Email: swilliamson32@earthlink.net

IT Support/Technical Trainer

innovative lechnology professional who takes pride in building complex solutions with basic technology,
getting the most from a company's technology investment. Recognized as a tenacious problem solver
focused on making technology work. Accomplished researcher who turns challenges into building blocks
to learn new technology, master advanced skills and streamline processes. Applies natural talent to
translate a love of fearing into a love of teaching, and helping others to learn,

Strengths and Capabilities

Sofware Installation and Configuration... Problem Solving ... Technical Troubleshooting
Testing & Quality Assurance ... Tecdnical Training ... Diversity in Roles
Responsive to Customers ... Patient and Respectful

Professional Experience

HANODSON-BI, LLC

Senior Technical Leader

Technical lead of a snail team in a fast-changing field. Achieved success on mulliple diverse projects by
exceeding the demands to learn quickly, be versatile, and take on varied roles and responsibilities with
enthusiasm and interest. Primary roles included systems admninistrater, database administrator, technical
trainer, instructional materials designer, software developer, and web developer.

me Intelligence (Bl) Systems Administration and Configuration Management

Managed configuration of a unique-in-the-industry mobile learning laboratory, The lab was the
foundation of a successful education program.
Employed advanced configuration management skills to operate as many as 20 incompatible and
conficting software products on a single platform.
Developed and executed processes to assure that labs were quickly and reliably configured using
rigorous testing procedures and a master machine and ghosting protocol.
Researched functionality of e-learning tools, learned the tools; and then built complex prototypes,
Demonstrated the prototypes in a decision-making review to facilitate toot selection.

¢ Prevented risks that occur with unlicensed software by maintaining extensive list of sofware
ficenses and updates. ensuring current versions.

* Negotiated with vendors to acquire complimentary licenses for laboratory sofware,

Business Intelligence (Bl) Technical Training and Learning Laboratory Management

* Trusted with all aspects of logistics, transportation and set up of mobile learning labs,

* Designed instructional materials that matched features and functions to learning needs, to create
a high quality dassroormn experience.

© Delivered hands-on technical training. Product functionalities included data mining, OLAP,
dashboards, statistical analysis, business analytics, geospatial analytics, query and reporting, and
data integration. Within one short year lransitioned from a new instructor to a recognized member
of the faculty.
Enhanced learning and information discovery by creating sample data and designing dashboards,
scorecards, and reports for use in lab exercises.

Software Design and Development
* Built low cost data flow diagramming tool that provided a visual design of work flow that is
currently lacking in commercial ETL toofs. Used existing tools to create a product independent of
ETL of database techndlogies.
Created data quality auditing tool that allowed users to define data quality rules and return
confidence levels as measures of dala quality.