Information Technology Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Assistant Website: www.qwikresume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

More than 17 years of experience applying people, process, problem-solving, and teclmical skills to
impreve individual, team and organizational performance. An impassioned team leader who
mentors with purpose and understands thal strong working relationships create greal teams and
product exeeptonal results.

Graphic Design, Photo Editing, Video production assistaner, Layout Design, Document
Organization, Time-Management, Team Qollaboration.

Work Experience
Information Technology Manager Assistant

ABC Corporation ~ June 1999 - March 2001

Managed all Technology services for 250 users,

Managed all telecommunications and network services for Norerass location.

Managed and supported Data Center which included Web, Database, and Application Servers
running on multiple platforms, Telephone Switching equipment. Networking equipment and
Video Conlerencing equipment.

Responsible for Email and DNS Services for over 2000 users in 5 locations throughout North
America.

Responsible for $2 mullion Information Technology budget,

Implemented and managed outsourcing contract for first and second level helpdesk support for
900 users which included call center and desk-side support.

Selected vendor, negotiated contract, managed implementation and managed ongoing
relationship with vendor,

Information Technology Manager
ABC Corporation - 1994 - 1999

Researched and evaluated performanec data in order to provide feedback to direct reports.
Provided training as well as sccond level support of technical Issues,

Responsible for troubleshooting and administration within a Microsofi Active Directory
environment,

Assisted with the development and incorporation af software applications procedures.
Created technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of
financial data.

Responsible for documenting and responding to issues via ticketing system.

Interviewed potential candidates and assisted in Lhe hiring process,

Education

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - {Auburn University - Auburn, AL}

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quikresumecam, Usage Guidelines