IT EXECUTIVE SAMPLE

XxX Avenue * New York, NewYork 10003
email @emai.com * 917.555.5555

SENIOR ITSTATEGST, OPERATIONS LEADER, & PROGRAM DIRECTOR
Designing and traplerneating Technology Strategies to Fue! Breakthrough Results
« Strategic Marnirg: Positioned COMPANY NAME WITHHELD a an e-commerce innovator, driving technologysysters,
services, and operations strategies that autamated core processes and enhanced the sitar experience,

«*  Busiress Trereforretiom Gtablshed new IT omanzational infrastrudure and revitalzed existing operetiors at
COMPANY NAME WITHHELD and the COMPANY NAME WITHHELD by implementing robust support services and
business practices to optim&e how IT engages with all busines disdplines.

* Techrology Delwery: Enabled revenue growth, castsavings, process automation, and ROI increases through planning
and integration of ERP, CRM, &commerce, call center, aantent management, patient management, retail POS, online
registration, and other intemal andthiréparty business systems.

= Leadership; Named Premier 100 IT Leader by Gampoterword Mogozine.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

COMPANY NAME WITHHELD — Bronx, New York 2006-Present
Premier U.S botoxcol gardensond plontioboro tovies with BOOK annua visitors

Associate Vice President for Inforrration Techrology

Hand-picked to craft and execute comprehereive IT strategy for research ticketing, e-commerce, eduaition, and other

kay initiatives, Engaged leaders fram various busines dacipling to ascertain needs and develop system, networking,

communications, ands uppor solutions.

= Reduced exhib@ wait times and improved parking availabilty most popular annual event by directing desgn and
delivery of online ticketing and retail POS systems.

* Transformed IT support and orgentational iImeracdion practices, fostering strong, aollaborattve work environment
while developing rabust help desk systems and processes to for improved trouble ticket initiation and visibility.

« Integrated retail and online Shop in the Garden store sdes by developing and implementing ecommerce site linked
with inventory management system.

* Created Adult Education online regétration site that has grown to accommodate several thousand students annually,

= Dgitized 8M plant spedmens and library resources through deployment and management of datastorage plaforms.

« Defined strategy and infrastructure requirements for high-performance computing Linux cluster to secure funding for
plant genomics res earch,

COMPANY NAME WITHHELD — New York, New York 2002-2006
Leading provider of health research, edutcoten, and odvocacy with more thon 3K Fellows.
Director of Inforrre tion Techrolgy

Recruited to kad IT throughoomprehereive orga rizatioral charge to better alignstrategy, assets, and imestments with

Organtational objectives, Priostized projects and directed tears through solution design, develapment, and integration.

« Revamped New York Online Access to Health (NOAH) bilingual consumer public health wetsite,

= Developed online public heath record cataloguing and archiving platforms & well = dgital produds, communications
systerrs, and interactive @ learning solutions.

* Honored by Qomputerwortd Mogozine a Premier 100 IT Leader.