ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Java Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Jr. Java Developer with 4 plus years of IT experience in all phases of SDLC such as Planning,
Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance of Web-Based, Client-Server and N-
tier Architsctures in domains like Finance, Telecom etc. Extensive experiance of designing and
developing software applications with the EJB, Annotations, Java, JSP, Sorviets, Java Boans,
JNDI, AJAX, JMS, ORM, JNDI, Wab services, JDBC, JAXP, RMI, XML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS,
Wab Services, SOAP

CORE COMPETENCIES

JAVA, J2EE, J2EE Design Pattems, EJB, STRUTS, Hibernate, Spring 3.0, Spring MVC, Servists,
JSP, SOAP Web Services, REST Web Services JMS, IBM JDBC, Java Beans.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Jr. Java Developer
State Of Michigan - June 2015 — Present

Key Deliverables:

= Involving In the cornplete software devalopmeant life cycle including requirement analysis,
design, implementation, testing, and maintenance

= Actively involved In the analysis, dotall design, development, bug fixing and enhancement
In agile methodology,

* Participating In scrurn me2stings as part of iteration davalopmant process:

* Delivering the new and complex high-quality solutions to clients in response to varying
business requirements.

= Utilizing the In-depth knowledge of functional and technical experience in Java/J2EE and
other leading-edge products and technology in conjunction with Industry and business skills
to deliver solutions to the customer,

« Designing the application modules, bass classes and utility classes using core Java.

« Dasigning and implementing the customized exception handling to handle the exceptions
In the application

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2014-2015

Key Deliverables:

« Designed patterns which will be used in the design and developmsnt of the online forms.

« Built modern Python and Java software components that follow industry-standard design
pattems, development methodologies, and deplayment models,

« Collaborated with other engineers throughout the development procass,

« Designed, developed, and tested the applications and APIs tor devices:

« Articulated and solved problems with application design, development, and user
experiences

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge. New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines