ROBERT SMITH
Junior Java Developer/Systems Engineer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com Phome: (0123)456-789

SL NIMARY

Junior Jaya Developer/Systems Engineer with around 44 years of experience in Systems Analysis, Design,
Development and Implementation of Web and Client/Server and Enterpnse Application develapment using
J2BE Framework. Extensively worked on n-tier architecture: systems with application system development
using Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, Web services, Restful Web Services, Spring, Spring boat,
Struts MVC, JSP. Hibernate.

J2EE Technologies Serviets, JSP, Struts, EJB, JDBC. INDL JMS, RML JAXB, JAX-WS. CXP. Framework
Spring, Struts, Hibernate 3.0/4.x, Junit

WORK FAPERIENG)

Junior Java De veloper/Systems Engineer
ABC Corpomtion - 2015 — Present

involved in requirements gathering, anulysis and design and documentation as the applicatian was
started from serutch.

Developed various j2ee components like servlets, JSP,JSTL, Ajax, SAX, XSLT, JAXP, JINDL
LDAP, JMS, and MQ series by using md,

Used Struts/MVC framework to enable the intenictions between JSP/View layer and implemented
different design patterns with J2EE,

implemented business layer using core java, spring beans using dependency injection, spring
annetations, spring web-flow components.

Implemented agent-server messaging dialog using camel and JMS (active MQ implementation).
Set up a Jenkins server and build jobs to provide automuted builds based on polling the git source
cont! system.

Developed custom solutions that act upon Jenkins information in real-time.

Java Developer (Contractor)
ABC Corponition - Mareh 2010 — April 2011

Involved in handling coding, testing and integration and quality assurance activities.
Performed event<dniven usynchronous io using Node.Js, developed screens using JSP, struts,
Performed unit testing using J Unit test cases to test the behavior of the coded clusses,
Provided development support for system integration testing and user acceptance testing.
Lead the team toward emfting new user experiences that exceed customer expectatians
Suggested areas for improvement in intemal processes along with possible solutions,

‘This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your cunentrole.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines