TARANJEET SINGH taranis@amail.com | +91-9891262898 | 011-27184867

Seeking challenging assignments in Software Development with an organization of repute

SYNOPSIS
e 8.Tech. (Electronics and Communication) from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University.
e Proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a productive manner.

e A proactive learner with a flair for adopting emerging trends & addressing industry requirements to achieve
organizational objectives & profitability norms.

e@ An exceptional performer with distinction of being commended for exemplary performance in academics as well as
extra-curricular activities.

e@ Total experience: 3 year and 5 months

TECHNICAL ACQUAINTANCE

Languages Core Java, J2EE (Hibernate 3.0), C/C++

Web Technologies t GWT 2.0 (Google Web Toolkit)

IDE & Tools F Eclipse, TOAD, SQLyog, Microsoft Visio

Web Servers t Apache Tomcat

Database E MySQL 5.0

Web Development F HTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, XML

Operating Systems t Windows XP

Code Management F Tortoise SVN

Mobile Development J2ME, Bluetooth API (JSR 82), Sun Wireless Toolkit

Creative Design Skills f Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flash
CERTIFICATIONS

e@ Sun Certified Programmer for the Java 2 Platform (SCJP), SE 6.0

ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE

May'09 onwards IKaru Pro Pvt. Ltd. Product Engineer

IKaru Projects Private Ltd is a global software outsourcing company. Its service domain includes e-learning, web
design and development, social media applications, custom software development, content management system,
mobile application development and e-commerce solutions.

=- Web On pre ctiy |

a /\ at 2 ADD 2 oing = > > Q no Diz 3 S = :

IKEWIKI is the flagship product of IKaru. It is a social learning platform to make e-learning a reality in organizations
and educational institutions. Its aim is to develop the most usable and effective e-learning environment at a
reasonable cost. The product was developed on GWT (Google Web Toolkit) 2.0 platform using Scribd API as document
repertoire with MySQL as database and Tomcat as server.

Role : Developer - Worked on varied aspects of the application including initial requirement and design phase, back-
end development as well as front-end implementation. Also worked as testing-lead for an iteration.

Recognitions - Was recognized as a star developer time & again and was always chosen for client interaction and
handling technical aspects in a sales pitch.

July’07 to March’09 Sapient Corporation Pyt. Ltd, Associate Technology

Sapient is a world-renowned global services company that helps clients transform in the areas of business, marketing,
and technology. It specializes in marketing, advertising, consulting, trading and risk management.

Provisioning Sys' for selective customer migration (Team Size: 2

The purpose was to provide an interface to migrate customer data from current mobile network to an advanced
network based on the willingness of customers, ensuring minimum manual intervention. The solution was a J2EE
application (Struts framework) using Oracle 9i database and Tomcat server. Log4) was used for logging and Castor for
XML message generation. Hibernate was chosen as the ORM tool.

Role : Developer - Designed JSPs from wire-frames and requirement documents using tag libraries and created CSS
markup for the entire application.

Recognitions - Was highly appreciated by the client for suggesting additional enhancements and by the team for
client-focused delivery, leadership & creativity.

Set Top Box Application for Video on Demand (Team Size: 6)

The purpose was to enhance and support a set-top box application for a leading entertainment provider in Germany.
it used a special browser for embedded systems {Ant Galio). The application was based on AJAX and was developed
using 00JS (Object Oriented Javascript)

Role : Developer - Provided major enhancements to the project including complete redesign of the application
interface as per the changes in business requirement of the client. Supported the application to ensure client