ROBERT SMITH

Senior Java Developer

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Senior Java Developer with 12+ years of Experience in all facets of J2EE
Application design, development, testing, and support. Experienced in business
analysis system design, implementation, and maintenance. Wide experience in
dedgn, devaopment, and maintenance of web application across Banking &
Finance and Manufacturing domains Experienced in using |2EE, JDBC, JSP, Apache
Struts, Servlets Spring MVC, Spring DI, Spring Rest, JMS, XML, and JavaScript.

SEPTEMBER 2007 - PRESENT
SENIOR JAVA DEVELOPER - WELLS FARGO

200

Responsible for requirement analysis of all the web applications and
Understanding the client requirements.

Involved in estimating the tasks code reviews defect tracking and resolving
technical issues

Involved in high level and low-level design of all the web applications and
contributed towards detail design specifications for the web applications.
Implemented rest web service using spring rest for the core pricing application.
Designed and Implemented an application using |SP, Spring MVC, Spring IOC,
Spring Annotations, Spring AOP, Spring Transactions and Hibermate.

Created connections to a database Using hibernate session factory, using
hibemate APIs to retrieve and store date to the database with hibermate
transaction control,

Implemented persistence layer using Various features of Hibernate 3.5
framework like HOL queries criteria etc.

6 - 2007

eae 1 DEVELOPER - ABC CORP

Architected and designed software through all development life cycles
Analyzed, designed, deve oped, maintained, and unit tested new and existing
software applications,

Switched between projects to provide assstance where needed.

Worked with company managers and executives to obtain requirements.
Assisted the customer service representatives with escalated service calls:
Participated In daily standup meetings.

Participated as needed In paired programming efforts

EDUCATION
Masters in Master&rsquo;s Degree in Master Of Computer Applications- (2005)

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines