Junior Java Developer ESones 123) 458 78.99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH mn

inikediteervtwleneene
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

2 plus years of experience as a Java/|2EE Developer in analysis, design, implementation,
integration, testing, and maintenance of applications using Java/|2EE and Object-Oriented Client-
Server technologies, Extensively worked with Retail, Healthcare, Insurance and Investment

dornain with good knowledge of developing complex projects and good management skills of the
deliverables.

Skills

AVA, C, C++, SQL, And PL/SQL, Web Technologies HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Angular JS, Angular 2,
AJAX, XML, XSLT, Java Beans, JMS.|2EE Technologies Serviets, JSP, |SF, EJB, JMS, |NDI, Web
services, JDBC, SOAP, RMI. Spring Technologies Spring Core, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring
Cloud. Methodology Agile, Scrurn, TDD, OOAD, SDLC.

Work Experience

Junior Java Developer
Navistar, Inc - January 2017 - Present

Working on agile scrum methodology and involving In stand-up meetings to monitor the

progress.

Involving in requirerments gathering, analysis, design, and documentation of the application,
* Implementing the backend business layers using spring and web services.

Implementing Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring lOc, Spring Tansactions, and

Spring Security Modules.

Developing microservices using Java Spring Boot, Hibemate, Restful services with good

quality of code.

Configuring the spring integration XML to route request to respective databases,

Building application with |S frameworks such as React.|5, Angularjs.

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2016 - 2017

Responsible for developing and unit testing assigned software features and functionalities,
Performed technical root cause analysis and outline corrective action for given
problerms/defects,
* Provided reliable solutions to a variety of problerns using sound problem-solving techniques,
* Participated in daily meetings to cormmunicate work progress and potential roadblocks,
Worked to continuously improve software delivery processes and practices,
Presented, collaborated and added the value to the company and team through participation
in peer code reviews, providing comments and suggestions.
Worked collaboratively and professionally with other client employees in cross-functional
teams to achieve goals.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines