Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

P abana
Senior Java Developer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
Senior Java Developer with over 10 years of IT experience in Design, SKILLS
Development, Testing, and Maintenance of various distributed and Web Agile, Test Driven
applications including n-ter, MVC architecture, and User interface using Development, Iterative,
J2EE and Web technologies. Worked with Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, JNDI, Seri, eetbei,
XML, JavaScript, CSS and Apache Struts framework. Extensively worked on Though Works ical
Web Sphere, Oracle, and Apache Torncat Application servers with IDE ough Works Typical
Eclipse, IBM Web Sphere Studio Application Developer. Product Method,J2EE
Technologies Servlets,
WORK EXPERIENCE JSP, String Templates’
Senior java Developer
Bank Of America - October 2014 - Present LANGUAGES
Re sponsibilities: English (Native)
* Java lead responsible for the handling of server-side business French (Professional)
J e a a Spanish (Professional)

components, coding, UML design and cornpleting the enhancement
lifecycle for the work product,

« Completed mainframe integration testing by connecting MQ from the INTERESTS
local machine.

= Developed mask table structures based on mainframe transaction input eeceaag
and output data structure, Cooking

= Implemented spring web services to fetch the data from mainframe IMS Reading
transactions.

« Implemented two new Ul screens (backorder and supplemental back
order report) using angular js and bootstrap. REFERENCES

= Extensively used hibernate in data access layer to access and update
Information In the database, Name)

* Worked in offshore development portal project to set up the processes Reference - 2 (Company
and flow In a project using Java technologies. Narne)

Reference - 1 (Company

Senior Java Developer
ABC Corp- 2008-2014
Re sponsibilities:
= Developed cost-effective information technology solutions by creating
new or modifying existing software applications that are moderately
complex,
= Analyzed and validated moderately complex system requirernents and
existing business processes and Information systerns.
= Developed and implemented new prograrns and/or rnodifications of
existing applications.
= Responsible for the design, prototyping and other methodologies for
new and/or existing systems including the development of test plans
and program specifications with minimal interfaces,
= Coded, tested, debugged, docurnented, and implemented the
moderately complex software applications according to standards.
* Developed specifications and prograrns moderately cornplex technical
modules, applications, prototypes and computer prograrns.
= Performed all aspects of applications prograrmming and developrnent

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines