Robert Smith CONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

Alabarna
Jr. Java Developer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.cor
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Jr. Java Developer with over 2+ years of IT experiences in Software SKILLS”
Development, Support, Testing, Java and j2EE Technologies. Strong Java Technologies: |2EE,
Knowledge of Application Developrnent using Software Development Life JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSF,
Ccyde SDLC using various methodologies like Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, Spring, SOAP, Hibemate,
Experience in working with Multithreading, Collections, and Generics in java cinite: Web f
7, Experience in managing SOAP-based Webservices and Resttul :
Webservices. Technologies; HTML,
HTMLS, CSS, CSS3, XML,
WORK EXPERIENCE are SGA ae
Ju. Java Developer
Barclays Capital- April 2017 - Present
Responsibilities: LANGUAGES
» Developing the use case diagrams, object diagrams, class diagrams and English (Native)
French (Professional)
sequence diagrams using UML, Spanish (Professional)
» Defining and constructing layers, server-side objects and client-side : ‘
interfaces based on |2EE design pattems.
* Working docker container management along with volumes, container- INTERESTS
based DB, and services, docker antifactory configuration and setup, Climbi
= Creating SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures, functions for database Shoebeaeig
layer by analyzing the required business objects and validating them Cooking
with stored procedures. Reading

» Involving in project planning sessions to analyze business IT
requirements and developing a working model according to the
requirements. REFERENCES
. Responsible for developing Ul components using HTML, CSS, Javascript, Reference - 1 (Company
jQuery, Anguilar|s. Name)
» Responsible for analysis, design, development, and Integration of UI Reference - 2 (Company
components with backend using |2ee technologies like servlets and |SP. Name)

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp- 2016-2017
Responsibilities;

* Involving in SDLC requirernents gathering, analysis, design,
development, and testing of application developed using agile
methodology,

» Responsible for analyzing, understanding the business requirements
and translate the same into technical specifications.

» Designed and developed the user interfaces to internebintranet
applications by setting expectations and features priorities throughout
development life cycle,

= Determined the design rnethodologies and tool sets.

= Completed the prograrnming using languages and software products,

» Designed and conducted tests.

* Recommended system solutions by comparing advantages and
disadvantages of custom development and purchase altematives,

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines