An experienced software developer with practical knowledge of object-oriented software
design, problem solving, implementation and maintenance. | perform effectively both
individually and in teams and have a proven track record in delivering good quality robust
software to deadline.

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hons). 1* class — Computer Science & Mathematics. Wadham College, Oxford.

‘A’ Levels - Mathematics (A), Physics (B), Chemistry (B), English (C)
GCSEs - in 10 subjects. Magdalen College School, Oxford

KEY SKILLS / SYSTEMS

Java 6 years experience of Java design, implementation, documentation and
maintenance on Windows and Linux, including JDBC, SQL, Swing, RMI, JUnit,
Design Patterns / UML, servlets, JSP.

C++/Unix 5 years experience of C++ design and implementation in a Unix (HP-UX)
environment, including interfacing to and writing C code. Also 2 years of C
programming in a Unix environment.

Strengths Skilled and enthusiastic debugger of legacy code.
Experienced in all stages of the software development life cycle, from
requirements gathering to testing and maintenance.
Equally capable of working in teams or on own initiative.

CAREER HISTORY:
FENDER SOFTWARE GROUP INC Oct 01 to date

Java Application Developer

« Part of a 2 - 4 person team implementing a new Java system to replace existing legacy
systems.

« Managed persistent data using JDBC interface to SQL Server 2000, as well as the Java
serialisation scheme.

« Wrote extensive user interface using Java's Swing classes.

« Responsibility for all areas of software development life cycle including requirement use cases,
analysis, design, coding, testing, docs and maintenance.

« Designed large areas of the system using UML class and sequence diagrams.

« Fully tested the system using JUnit to specify functional and unit test cases.

Java Application Developer

« Part of a 15 person team developing a new product for catalogue sales over the web, using
Java serviets, JSP dynamic web pages, and MySQL for data storage-

« Responsible for leading design and development of modules of the product, including
everything from data storage to serviets for the user interface.

« Particular emphasis paid to design work for the product, using UM L (Rational Rose) for object-
oriented class and sequence diagrams.