ROBERT SMITH

Senior Java Developer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Senior Java Developer with over 8+ years of experience in software design, development,
implementation and software engineering which also includes integration, maintenance and testing
of various client/server, and web applications. Design, development, and analysis in OO fields
(Java, and UML), intemet applications; Application Servers and Web Servers such as Oracle Web-
logic Server 12c, IBM Web Sphere 5.0/6.0, JBoss Server 7.1.1 and Apache Tomcat 7, J2EE.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Java, J2EE, Java Script, AnguiarJS, JSTL, XML, Sheil Scripting. GU! Development Technologies
GWT Web Application Development Servlets, Java Server Pages (JSP), Java Server Faces

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Java Developer
Admaxlocal Lic - April 2015 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Designed and developsd'a MongoDB (NoSOL) based extemal Restful API for exposing the
functionality ol an @xisting saas platform to clients in an agile work environment using the
web client.

» Involved in updating the saas plattorm to support the bing AdWords APL and integrating the
changes with Google AdWords API,

« Managed product development/implementation using AWS cioud infrastructure,

» Wrote unit and integration tests to fest all the desired functionality using JUnit (TDD),
Testing, Mockito, and Wiremock.

» Documented the external API using enunciate and modified the auto-generated docs with
custom CSS to match corporate website and design,

« Created Spring MVC - rest based JSON services, used rest template for making a client
call to JAX-AS web services.

* Developed the UI layer using Struts, JSP, Javascript; Jquery, Node.Js, JSTL, XML and
XPath, XML big data parser technology and Jwebunit;

Senior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2010 ~ 2015

Key Deliverables:

« Perlormed complex programming assignments requiring an advanced aptitude for
established programming standards, methods; and best practices.

» Acquired and interpreted the business requirements, created tunctional-specifications and
determined the mast efficient/appropriate tachnologies.

» Performed the arnalysisot business models, logical specifications and’or customer
requirements to design and build business solutions utilizing multiple technologies.

*» Contributed to, reviewed and approved the technical designs of sottware:solutions.

A
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines