Victor Lauren

JAVA DEVELOPER

& info@resumekraft.com Q 202-555-0120 9 Chicago, Illinois, US im linkedin.com/resumekraft

SUMMARY

Highly skilled and dedicated Java Developer with over 5 years of experience in designing and developing
applications. Proficient in Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, and RESTful web services. Strong problem-solving
abilities and a proven track record of delivering high-quality software solutions on time. Excellent communication
skills and a collaborative approach to working in cross-functional teams, Seeking to leverage my skills and
experience to contribute to the success of a dynamic and innovative organization.

SKILLS
Objectoriented ®©®@®®®® RESTful Web Services © ®©®©®®
Programming SQL/Database CROROMOR®,
Java SE/EE (OMOMOMOMO) Management
Spring Framework (OMOMOMOM®) Version Control (Git, SVN) © © © © @
Hibernate ORM ©®@®®®® Testdriven Development ®@®@®eO
JSON/XML OMOMOMOMO) (TOD)
Problemsolving skills © @®@®®®
EXPERIENCE

Java Developer
Aurozen Technology LLP Feb 2020 - Present
e Collaborated with database architects and administrators to outline client system limitations for capacity and
load for data and processing projects.

e Used Spring Boot Microservices Framework to design Restful APIs for Aurozen Fitness Application.

e Created work schedules and solutions for debugging and fixing defects to resolve customer complaints and
issues,

e Analyzed project documents and projected deadlines and actual project updates and made necessary
adjustments to expected completion dates.

Java Intern
Zmedios Technology Pvt. Ltd. Jan 2079 - Jan 2020
e Completed Java projects by following specifications and configuring devices and components an provided
routine maintenance of computer equipment as needed.

e Paid close attention to customers’ concerns and addressed their queries and achieved an exceptional level of
customer service.

e Controlled ail confidential and proprietary information released to company clients.

e Developed programs for Web Application platforms using HTML and CSS programming languages.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering
San Jose State University Apr 2076 - Apr 2020

Higher Secondary School Certificate
Northeastern University ar 2015- War 2016