AREAS OF EXPERTISE
JavaSeript

JSP

SOL

Customer training

Database - SOL development
Client facing skills

Oracle, PL/SQL

Software development

Project management
methodologies

PROFESSION AL

Sun Certified
Programmer for Java 6
(CX-310-065)

PERSONAL SKILLS
Problem solving
Mutisasking

Communication

PERSONAL DETAILS

Gary White
Java developer

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A skilled java developer with proven expertise in using new tools and wchnical
developments to drive improvements throughout a entire software development
lifecycle. Having extensive industry and full life cycle experience in a java based
environment, along with exceptional analytical, design and problem-solving
capabilities. Excellent communication skills and able to work alongside suppor
teams and the java community to define and refine new functionality.

Looking for a ambitious company which will challenge my developer and problem
solving skills and allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.

WORK EXPERIENCE

IT Consultancy Firm — Coventry
JAVA DEVELOPER June 2008 - Present

Working with other developers to build technical solutions & complete projects to
budgetary and quality requirements. Also involved inrequirements gathering,
demonstrating software prototypes, technical sales presentations, customer training.

Duties:

Development of Java interfaces & Configuration Management of the source cole.
Working with users to establish requirements and determine priorities.
Meeting client's face t face at their offices.

Developing new applications, components & functionality to existing systems.
Involved in accurately providing estimated development times.

Developing new functionalities, both back-end and front-end.

Analyzing data and conducting compatibility and quality assurance testing.
Identifying & addressing conflicts with newer client-implemented software.

© Investigating altemate configurations & implementing beter solutions.

* Designing, developing, testing & configuring for a custom pre-authenticated
scenario.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

« Strong core Java development experience.

e Ability to develop creative solutions for complex problems.

« Solid understanding of Tomeat, JBoss, GlassFish and OC4J servers.

e Extensive knowledge of JDBC / ORM Tools and relational databases.

e Excellent eam worker with strong coaching and mentoring skills.

© Web development: HTML, CSS, Javascript; PHP, ASP.NET.

e Database: Oracle (TOAD), SQL Server, MySQL, Microsoft Access.

© Software development: Java: J2SE (including Swing), J2ME; Prolog, C, C#.