AREAS OF EXPERTISE
JavaScript
JSP

SOL

Customer training

Database - SOL development

Client facing skills
Oracle, PL/SQL
Software development

Project management
methodologies

PROFESSIONAL

Sun Certified

Programmer for Java 6
(CX-3 10-065)

PERSONAL SKILLS
Problem solving
Multitasking

Communication

PERSONAL DETAILS

Gary White

34 Anywhere Road
Coventry
CV6 TRF

Java developer

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A skilled java developer with proven expertise in using new tools and technical
developments to drive improvements throughout a entire software development
lifecycle. Having extensive industry and full life cycle experience in a java based
environment, along with exceptional analytical, design and problem-solving
capabilities. Excellent communication skills and able to work alongside support
teams and the java community to define and refine new functionality.

Looking for a ambitious company which will challenge my developer and problem
solving skills and allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.

WORK EXPERIENCE

IT Consultancy Firm — Coventry
JAVA DEVELOPER June 2008 - Present

Working with other developers to build technical solutions & complete projects to
budgetary and quality requirements. Also involved in requirements gathering,
demonstrating software prototypes, technical sales presentations, customer training.

Duties:

« Development of Java imterfaces & Configuration Management of the source code.
« Working with users to establish requirements and determine priorities.

@ Mecting client's face to face at their offices.

¢ Developing new applications, components & functionality to existing systems.
@ Involved in accurately providing estimated development times.

« Developing new functionalities, both back-end and front-end.

e Analyzing data and conducting compatibility and quality assurance testing.

@ Identifying & addressing conflicts with newer client-implemented software.

e Investigating alternate configurations & implementing better solutions.

@ Designing, developing, testing & configuring for a custom pre-authenticated
scenario,

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

® Strong core Java development experience.

® Ability to develop creative solutions for complex problems.

® Solid understanding of Tomcat, JBoss, GlassFish and OC4J servers.

@ Extensive knowledge of JDBC / ORM Tools and relational databases,

e Excellent team worker with strong coaching and mentoring skills.

®@ Web development: HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, ASP.NET.

© Database: Oracle (TOAD), SQL Server, MySQL, Microsoft Access.

® Software development: Java: J2SE (including Swing), J2ME, Prolog, C, C#.
@ Experience with application servers and containers as well as developing and
integrating web services.