Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Jr. Java Developer Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Jr Java Developer 3+ years of experience In developing web-based enterprise applications using
J2EE technologies such as Hibernate, Spring, Struts, Multithreading, EJB, JDBC, JSP, TAGLIB,
Serviets, JMS, JPA, JTA, Ajax, Maven, Ant, Web Services, REST (JAX-RS), SOAP (JAX-WS) and WSDL,
Experience in development and technical support of Java/|2EE applications for Financial Services,
Insurance, Banking, E-Commerce, Telecorn, and Health Care Dornains.

SKILLS

Spring (MVC, Context, ORM, JDBC, JMS, Webservices, Transactions), Hibernate, Struts, JDBC,
Servlets, JSP, JSF, a JSTL,JNDI, SOAP, REST JAXP, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, XML, XSD, XSLT, JSON, DOM
Parser, SAX, SOAPUI

WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. Java Developer
ABC Corporation - June 2016 - Present
* Working with a small team in enhancing the |behave frarnework using Java for the adaptability
to the current project for creating the test erwironment
* Implemented Java and jJ2EE design patterns like singleton, business delegate and data
transfer object and data access object.
* Wrote SPA (Single Page Web Applications) using restful web services plus Ajax and Anaularjs.
* Developed web services component using SOAP and restful API for interapplication
cornmunication.
* Designed and developed business and persistence layer components using Spring |OC ane
hibernate,
» Extensively worked.on Veenter with virtualization exposure in developing the functionalities
related to the application through CLI and API.
* Developed a private assembly forthe component promotion with the Kubernetes setup.

Back-End Java Developer
ABC Corporation - Decernber 2015 - June 2016

* Analyzed the requirernents and designed class diagrarns, sequence diagrarns using UML and

prepared high-level technical docurnents.
* Designed and developed to upload gigabyte files to product licensing and delivery systern.
* Designed and developed multiple files concurrently using multi-threaded executor service
framework.
* Developed web applications using restful web services plus Ajax and Anqularjs,
* Developed web services cornponent using soap and restful API for |nterapplication

communication.
Established connections with other applications by using ActiveMQ with JMS.

* Designed and developed business and persistence layer components using Spring IOC ane
hibernate,

EDUCATION

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings