Senior Java Developer

Michael Hibbison

SUMMARY

Motivated and skilled Senior Java Developer focusing on High-Performance, high-availability, and high-
throughput systems. Strong problem-solving skills and in need of a challenge. A very good database
designer, and for me, that is the building block for any application and service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
2016-08 - Senior Java Developer
Present Bank of America
® Responsible for prepaid Airtime, Electricity, Lotto, Funeral Plans, Bills, etc.
® Investigating new technologies and frameworks that may make our lives a bit
easier. Recently added GrayLog and Hashicorp Vault.
® Running a team of three developers and guiding them through requirements and
how a system/component must be effectively developed, and sometimes they
guide me, and it works well in the end.
2014-06 - Senior Java/.Net Developer
2016-07 Nextware Technologies
© Designed, developed and maintained enterprise systems.
¢ Worked with J2EE,Net and IOS on a daily basis.
2010-05 - Java Developer
2014-05 Trigent Software
© Worked on two projects during this time. Using JavaEE and Web Front end
technologies like Java Servlet, JSP, Struts 2, JQuery, JQuery UI.
e Worked on the backend and frontend parts of the projects, but mostly the
backend part.
2006-03 - Software Developer
2010-04 HQSoftware

Designed, Developed and tested new applications and components using
Continuous Integration Development.

Programmed in Java/J2EE language and Worked with various technologies
including Spring, Spring MVC, Maven, Hibernate, JDBC, SOAP, and RESTful web
services.

Developed automated functional and performance tests and data analysis
software using Python language.

Conducted compatibility and quality assurance testing.

© Configured, troubleshoot and tuned Relational Databases including Oracle and

MySQL.

Designed data models, created complex and efficient queries, partitioned tables
for system improvements and chose the right Data Store for each component.
Analyzed system specifications and proposed accurate technical solutions
Implemented optimized and standard code using coding standards and technical
design.

Improved code quality by using code analysis tools like SonarQube.

Redesigned components to reduce the cost of product development.

Worked with version controls including SVN and Git.

Deployed and tuned applications on Tomcat web server.

Deployed components on Linux servers.

Generated easy-to-read automated tests using Rabot Test Framework Setup,
configured and maintained virtual Linux servers.

Agile teamwork using JIRA and Scrum boards.

Provided accurate estimates on items of development work.

Participated in the review of the colleague's code.

Generated documents for customers.

EDUCATION

9 City, State

& 000-000-0000

& emaill@email.com

SKILLS

JAVAVJAVAEE TECHNOLOGIES
AF FA ME PAP

Working on various technology
frameworks and knowledge about
programming concepts like:

SOLID, Spring

OOP Principles

Design Patterns
Unit/Integration Testing
Data-structures and Algorithms

JAVASCRIPT AND JAVASCRIPT
TECHNOLOGIES

SDD ED 2) SS 0 SS as
| have mixed the professional and
study experience on JavaScript,
overall concepts and technologies:

e AngularjS

e UnderscorejS

e JavaScript OOP
® jQuery, RequireJS

Java EE (6 & 7)

ME SE SE SE SE SF OE SE a
® EJB, JBoss

© Glassfish, Web Services

© Socket Programming (NIO)

Java Web

2 EE eee ee ea
e JSP © GWT

© JSF © JSON

e CSS © JavaScript

Software Develapment

SD SD SS DS SS SS SS SS
e Scrum, Team Work

e Agile Methodologies

e java Design Patterns

* Continuous Integration

© Object-oriented Design

Software Programming Languages

EE a a a a a a
e SQL e Python

© HTML e JavaScript

e BASH © JAVA/2EE