JAVA DEVELOPER

123 Your Address
City, State, Zip Code
(XXx)-XXx-XKx

your.email/@jzmail com

Technically advanced Java Developer with 7+ years of experience in designing, developing and
delivering user-centric software applications using Java/J2EE technologies. Offering strong expertise
in multiple programming languages, including JavaScript, HTML, and XML. Seeking to secure a
challenging position as a Java Developer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IT AMERICA INC., Arizona City, AZ
Java Developer, September 2015 — Present

e Use Java/J2EE technologies to develop web applications for client server environments and add
functionalities to existing applications.

e Revamp various Java applications developed with Spring, Hibernate and older J2EE.

« Conduct user requirements analysis to design and program applications and deliver support for
system enhancement.

« Play a pivotal role as a part of an agile scrum team accountable, developing new applications
using Spring framework backend and Angular js frontend.

e Consult with customers on project status and technical concerns.

INFOSYS, Charlotte, NC
Java Developer, June 2011 — August 2015

e Rendered solid technical expertise in Software Development Life Cycle and core Java
technologies to develop applications based on specific client requirements.

e Developed highly interactive and customized UIs using JavaScript, HTML, JSP, and CSS to
improve functionality of web applications.

e Performed unit testing of applications by developing and applying test cases in JUnit.

« Enhanced the quality of code and improved application performance, leading to a 14%
reduction in bugs.

« Created interactive Uls that surpassed client objectives and improved user experience.

EDUCATION

University of Texas, Dallas, TX
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, May 2011
Honors: cum laude (GPA: 3.6/4.0)

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Languages: Java, JavaScript, Java Beans, JSP, SQL, HTML, XML, Node.js, Bootstrap
Frameworks: JSF, J2EE. Apache Struts

APT's: Servlets, EJB, Java Naming and Directory Interface (INDI)

Software: Eclipse, Toad, Works, NetBeans

Databases: IBM DB2, Oracle, MySQL, Database SQL command

123 Your Address City, . State,, ZipCode (xxx)-xxx-xxxx your@email.com