Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

Jr. Java Developer Website : www, qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Jr. Java Developer with around 2 years of professional IT experience as a Programmer Analyst and
Software Engineer with complete project lifecycle in Java/|2EE technologies. Experience in
analysis, design, development, testing, integration, and deployment of application software in
web-based environments and client/server architectures. Strong experience in building the
Frameworks using Struts Model-View-Controller (MVC) and spring frameworks.

SKILLS

Java/|2EE Technologies
WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. Java Developer
SE2 - February 2017 - Present

.

Involving in gathering and analyzing functional requirements and converting to technical
requirements,

Using Eclipse as IDE tool to develop the application and jira for bug and issue tracking.
Extensive experience in database programming on stored procedures, functions, and triggers
using (SQL, PL/SQL) with Oracle,

Installing the application on AWS EC2 instances and also configured the storage S53 buckets,
Designing and developing the Ul screens with Bootstrap and Angular|S to provide interactive
screens to display data,

Involving in the implementation of MVC pattern using Angular |S, JSF and spring controller,
Created groovy scripts using the CLI in spring boot for rapid application development,

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2015 - 2016

.

Understood and produced the technical specifications for new or existing systems,
Collaborated with the tearm in designing, architecting, implementing, and testing phases,
Developed JEE Web applications using available tools Samp; technologies,

Researched technology solutions &amp; take charge of vetting and verifying solutions.
Made contribution in defining functional and non-functional requirernents,

Performed the tasks with minimal direction or supervision.

Provided quidance to other developers and monitor progress to ensure a task is completed.

EDUCATION

Bachelors - (2012)

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines