FIRST NAME LAST NAME

Address @ City, State Zip code ¢ Phone: number @ email

JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER / ARCHITECT

Hands-On Contributor crafting applications, internal/external websites, and systems to support business needs and
naar ay poner Offer skills in business/data analysis, design,

Consulting IT Infrastructure/Design
Process Development Software Development
Team Leadership/ Motivation Client Relations
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COMPANY NAME, City, State

Company Name is a leading company offering consulting services and solutions in Java ™, Java EE ™, Web Services,
Governance and SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), Web development & application’ support based on Java ™
technology, JEE ™, ES8 and SPEL. it develops its own security products and software for the clients in the financial
sector.

SOFTWARE ARCHITECT AND JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER

sar rrr ly mag vests cence Girone g ean Src Eiceandy ella acscane wh Ha saa Bee

ia igarserecpntnrpaae enanery harp. Aaya Java Trainer and key software developer. Led pr Bisa
beappenti reaping med naires Analyzed the current software to minimize

rand to tes the pods aby are relaby and ned applications in both the develapment and production

developed the company’s WS-Guardian which allows the control of Service Oriented Architecture
target irae igelancr rn pdt The product allowed the company to compete with products
Product Name.

including

Selected as “Employee of the Year" at the Event Name in City, State.

Java Sun Certified Enterprise Architect for the JEE 5 and one of the first 500 people receiving the Certified
soiree heheh arora dete 0 Beta.

Company Name Client Projects
Designed and developed a product, which allows adding access policies (IP restrictions, http headers, digital
signatures, encryption etc.) for web services published on Enterprise Service Buses without source code alterations.
mae £J8 3.1, Hibernate, icefaces, Eclipse, Web Services Security, Mysql, Oracle Database, Glassfish and

reap iil iG Gc Ai lh el ec i Wi cgi ti
er er Fes aera Ore ere ot Cea eer St eee oe oe rear

and developed a platform to centralize all bank stock information. ahi ee JEE, EJB 3.0, Toplink,
Icefaces, Eclipse, Web Services, Oracle Database and Glassfish.

COMPANY NAME, City, State Date
Company Name specializes in creating attractive and compelling user interfaces for a wide range of applications and
industries. The company team comprises of graphic designers, software developers, information architects and
usability experts

JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER
Primarily worked an a Telecom project to develop a media asset management system for Client.