JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. @ City, State 00000 ¢ Phone: (222) 222-2222 ¢ email@address.com

JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER / ARCHITECT

Hands-On Contributor crafting applications, internal/external websites, and systems to support business needs and
expand organizational capabilities. Offer skills in business/data analysis, graphics/web and user interface design, and
requirements gathering. Leverage expertise in JavaEE, JFaces, Strust, Spring, XML, Sun identity Management, Web
Service Security, C#.Net and ASP.Net with extensive experience in multicultural settings. Analytical Leader driving
Project completion in stride with key stakeholder needs and building collaborative internal/external relationships.
Oversee full-phase software/web development, providing platforms and tools to improve business processes and enable
growth as well as delivering solutions to resolve complex issues. Fluent in Engtish & Spanish; currently studying basic
French.

Consulting @ IT Infrastructure/Design IT Security

Process Development @ Software Development Project Management
Quality Assurance/Testing ¢ Deployment /Migrations Web Design

Team Leadership/Motivation ¢ Client Relations Training & Development

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ITAC, Bogota, Colombia 2009-2010
2006-2007
ITAC Is @ leading campany offering consulting services and solutions in Jave ™, Java EE ™, Web Services, Governance
and SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), Web development & application support based on Java ™ technology, JEE ™,
ES6 and BPEL. ITAC develops its own security products and software for the clients in the financial sector.
SOFTWARE ARCHITECT AND JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER
Assessed client requirements and determined the applicability of Java and JEE technology to a specific contexts.
Project Manager for industry-leading company projects, Java Trainer and key software developer. Led and mentored
the development teams and insured best practice procedures were utilized. Analyzed the current software to minimize
risks and to test the product's stability and retiability and tuned applications in both the development and production
environment.
Designed and developed ITAC’s WS-Guardian which allows the control of Service Oriented Architecture through the
virtualization of centralized services, The product allowed ITAC to compete with products including IBM
Datapower.
Selected as ‘Employee of the Year" at the JavaOne Event in San Francisco, USA,
Java Sun Certified Enterprise Architect for the JEE 5 and one of the first 400 people receiving the Sun Certified
Business Component Developer JEE 5.0 Beta.
Led the migration of Davivienda internet Banking from WebSphere Application Server to Sun Application Server;
Davivienda is the second biggest bank in Colombia.
Designed a cutting-edge system to centralize all Davivienda bank stock information.

ITAC Client Projects

ITAC WS-Guardian: Designed and developed a product, which allows adding access policies (IP restrictions, http
headers, digital signatures, encryption etc.) for web services published on Enterprise Service Buses without source
code alterations. Platform: JEE, EJB 3.1, Hibernate, icefaces, Eclipse, Web Services Security, Mysql, Oracle
Database, Glassfish and Weblogic.

ITAC SecureFile: Designed and developed an enhanced encryption product and facilitated the exchange of
information process among business partners through the use of robust mechanisms of encryption and digital
signatures.

Davivienda Bank (Retail Bank): Designed and developed a platform to centralize all bank stock information.
Platform: JEE, EJB 3.0, Toptink, lcefaces, Eclipse, Web Services, Oracle Database and Glassfish.

Servibanca Banking Payment Platform: Design and development of a platform to manage business processes
related to payments of public and private bill services. Platform: JEE, £6 3.0, Icefaces, Glassfish and SQLServer.
Bank of Republic (Central Bank of Colombia): Consulted and implemented an identity Administration System.
Platform: JavaEE, Sun identity Manager, Sun Access Manager, Java Sun Enterprise Application Server, SUN Directory
Server, Oracle Database.

Davivienda Bank (Retail Bank): Developed and Migrated Davivienda’s Web application banking from Websphere
Application Server to Sun Application Enterprise Server and designed Web services for fusion with Superior Bank.