ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Java Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Result-oriented IT Professional with 6+ Years of IT experience in development, testing
and documentation of web-based distributed systems, enterprise applications using
JAVA/J2EE technologies. Designed and implemented several projects in e-Business &
Worlsflow Solutions for Health and Financial Industries:

CORE COMPETENCIES

Java Technologies: JOUBC Servlets 2.4/2.5, JSP 2.0, JMS, XML, XSL, XPath, XSLT,
Swings. Applets. Web Services: JAXP, JAXB. SOAP. Apache Axis, Spring Restful Web
Services. Frameworks: Springs MVC. Struts, Hibernate 2.0, JSF, Reflux.js, JUnit.
Testing, Mockito. Databases; Oracle Microsoft -SQL Server MS Access Web/Scripting

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Key Deliverables:

* Used Apache Maven for project management and building the application

* [mplementing applications using Java. J2EE, JSP, Servlets. JOBC, XML, HTML,
Hibernate.

* Developing test cases and validated users input using regular expressions. in
Javascript as well as in the server side.

* Performing automated functionnl testing for all the web pages in the application,

* Mapping database objects corresponding to WB2 database tables using POJO
classes using JDBC.

* Worked on creating and publishing student web services faudit. academic plan
ete. ) for other tearns ta consume.

* Worlsing on creating and publishing restful APIs, which can accept HTTP.

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2011 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

* Designed and implemented of RESTtul web service APIs for use by both internal
and external developers.

= Designed and implemented the software systems and enhancements in beth
backend and frontend areas.

* Designed and implemented data transformation processes to prepare data for use
by the APL.

« Followed the existing standards and conventions ot our API platform and help
drive future conventions

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutie.com, Usage Guidelines