Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Senior Java Developer Website : wore. qwlkresurne,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Senior Java Developer with 11 years of Solid IT experience in Design, Development, and

Maintenance of Java and J2EE related applications. Highly proficient in developing and deploying
Java/J2EE applications on Application Servers - WebLogic, IBM WebSphere, JBoss, Glassfish.
Proficient In Prograrnming using J2SE and |2EE Technologies (JDBC, Servlets, and JSP), Good

experience in usage of version controls such as Git, SVN.

SKILLS

JAVA, C++, XML, HTML Web Technologies: Servlets, |SP, JDBC, Ajax Frarnew ork: Springs,
Hibemate, JPA, |SF Scripting: Java Script, JQuery, Angular |S

WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Java Developer

Lg -

January 2015 - Present

Involved in requirements gathering and requirements analysis and participated client
meetings,

ievetved Th full life cycle of the application development using agile/scrum,

Design and developed the s/w using test-driven design and developrnent methodology.
Implemented design patterns - singleton, factory, abstract factory, decorative and business
delegate design patterns,

Developed the application using core java concepts like collections, multithreading, oo
concepts, exception handling for developing application modules,

Extensively used hibernate validation frarmework has been used for front end validations,
Designed and developed an application using representational state transfer (rest) style
architecture.

Senior Java Developer
ABC Corp - 2007 - 2015

Defined requirernents, design, and tirneline for proof of concept. Set up the environment and
implementation of the proof of concept

Worked with vendors and offshore teams,

Enhanced product features.

Handled all aspects of production.

Generated improvements te coding techniques and develop inforrnation technology staff to
Implement improvements,

Collaborated with other engineering teams and provide leadership in the adoption of a
continuous delivery approach and platform that is scalable, adaptable, and optimized for ever
changing requirements.

Designed, developed and executed the development projects to meet the business needs,

EDUCATION

M.C.A. in Master Of Cornputer Applications - 2010 (S.V. University )B.Sc. in Computers -(S.V.
University )

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines