JAVA DEVELOPER

123 Your Address
City, State, Zip Code
(OXX)-XXX-EXXX

your emailemail com

Technically advanced Java Developer with 7+ years of experience in designing, developing and
delivering user-centric software applications using Java/J2EE technologies. Offering strong expertise
in multiple programming languages, including JavaScript, HTML, and XML. Seeking to secure a
challenging position as a Java Developer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT AMERICA INC., Arizona City, AZ
Java Developer, September 2015 — Present

e Use Java/J2EE technologies to develop web applications for client server environments and add
functionalities to existing applications.

e Revamp various Java applications developed with Spring. Hibernate and older J2EE.

e Conduct user requirements analysis to design and program applications and deliver support for
system enhancement.

e Play a pivotal role as a part of an agile scrum team accountable. developing new applications
using Spring framework backend and Angular js frontend.

e Consult with customers on project status and technical concems.

INFOSYS, Charlotte, NC
Java Developer, June 2011 — August 2015

e Rendered solid technical expertise in Software Development Life Cycle and core Java
technologies to develop applications based on specific client requirements.

¢ Developed highly mteractive and customized UIs using JavaScript, HTML, JSP, and CSS to
improve functionality of web applications.

e Performed unit testing of applications by developmg and applying test cases in JUnit.

e Enhanced the quality of code and improved application performance, leading to a 14%
reduction in bugs.

e Created interactive UIs that surpassed client objectives and improved user experience.

EDUCATION

University of Texas, Dallas, TX

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, May 201] 1
Honors: cum laude (GPA- 3.6/4.0)

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

e Languages: Java, JavaScript, Java Beans, JSP, SQL, HTML, XML, Node.js, Bootstrap
¢ Frameworks: JSF, J2EE, Apache Struts

e API's: Servlets, EJB, Java Naming and Directory Interface (INDD

e Software: Eclipse, Toad, Works, NetBeans

¢ Databases: IBM DB2, Oracle, MySQL, Database SQL command

123 Your Address City,, State, ZipCode (xxx}xxx-xxxx your@emailcom