Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Java Developer Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Java Developer And Tester with 4 plus years of experience in designing, implernenting. and
deploying commercial Enterprise Applications for Multi-tiered- distributed software products and
distributed applications using Java/SQL technologies. Involved In various phases of Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirernent gathering, Design, Analysis
and Code development. Involved in defining and designing the layers, components of the project
using GGAD methodologies and standard |2EE patterns and guidelines.

Skills

J2EE, EJB 3.0, JMS, SOAP, WSDL, Web Services Serverside Programming Java Serviet 2,4, |SP, |STL,
Custom Tag Libraries Scripting Languages JavaScript, AJAX, Python, HTML

Work Experience

Java Developer
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - Present

* Involved inthe design and implementation of the S13E (statewide rule 13 exception)
application,

* Partidpated In daily scrum meetings and sprint retrospective and sprint planning for on-time
delivery of business needs.

* Extensively worked with eclipse to develop, test and deploy the complete application
developed Ul (front end screens) using JSF prime faces,
Developed applications in the eclipse ide and deployed inthe Bluernix (cloud foundry) server
environment.
Involved in code reviews to make sure the best coding standards and java best practices are
used before placing the code In version contral,

* Responsible for the design, development, and engineering of software solutions using Node.js,
Angularjs, Angular2+ and other JavaScript-based frameworks for web development

* Responsible for the design, development, and engineering of REST and SOAP web services

Java Developer - Intern

ABC Corporation - October 2011 - May 2012
Responsible for the analysis, documenting the requirements and architecting the application
based on j2ee standards,
Participated in designing of use case, class diagram and sequence diagrarn for various engine
components and used {BM rational rose for generating the UML notations, Implemented
different design patterns like DAO, Singleton pattern and MVC architectural design pattern of
springs.

* Responsible for secure batch data flow to downstrearn systems using middleware java

technologies.
* Developed an intranet web application using |2EE architecture, using |SP to design the user

interfaces and hibemate for database connectivity,
* Designed and developed controller serviet, which will route the request to the application

controller.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines