SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 9XXX5 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Administrator with over 15 years of professional experience. Skilled in all aspects of office administration,

organization of filing systems. use of electronic office equipment, handling multi-tine phone systems,
reception, data entry, coordinating with staff, scheduling appointments, banking, and accounts receivable and
payable. Communication skills demonstrated through verbal and writing abilities, client relations, marketing
expertise, customer service skills, training new employees, and the ability to produce in-depth reports and
correspondence.

e« Confidential Correspondence and Data
e Microsoft Excel

¢« Microsoft Word

e Microsoft Outlook

e Microsoft PowerPoint

« Data Entry

« Document Creation and Maintenance
e Editing and Proofreading

e Information Resource

« Knowledge of Office Equipment (Copier/Fax)
e 10-Key Calculator

e Agenda and Event Coordination

e Business Correspondence

e Client Services

« Call Screening

e Mail Distribution

e Stocking and Supplies

e« Typing / Data Entry

e Billing Processes

e Purchasing and Inventory

e« Payroll and Accounts Administration

DATA MANAGEMENT SERVICES COORDINATOR 2009 to CURRENT
Penguin Random House | City, STATE

e Performs highly accurate and detailed data entry for end of month invoicing.

e Performs data entry for business account orders in a timely manner.

e Responsible for several monthly reports submitted to management.

e Compiled statistical information for special reports.

e Organized billing and invoice data

e Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the current
practices.

e Identified and resolved system and account issues.

e Cross-trained and provided back-up for other data management representatives when needed.

e Resolved spreadsheet issues and shared benefits of new technology.

e Interacted with customers to follow-up on shipping status and expedited orders.

« Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.

e Assisted customers in finding out-of-print items.

e Kept abreast of rapidly evolving technology.

e Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.

e Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.

e Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

e Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and
mail.

e Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop
reports and lists.

REQEPTIONISTICASHIER SUPERVISOR 2008 to 2009
Koons Of Westminster | City, STATE

e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.

e Organized register supplies.

e Worked with customer service to resolve issues.

e Provided professional and courteous service at all times.

e Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

e Monitored a team of 7-8 of professionals.

e Trained and mentored new cashiers.

e Hired 3-4 team members

e Managed cashier shifts and breaks.

e Built and maintained productive relationships with employees.
e Greeted customers promptly and responded to questions.

e Documented performance issues.

e Counted and balanced cashier drawers.

e Worked in competitive team environment to exceed revenue quotas.

OFCICE/PROGRAM ASSISTANT 2004 to 2008
General Dynamics Information Technology | City, STATE

e Maximized productivity by maintaining multiple calendars, scheduling meetings, tracking expenses and
prioritizing phone calls for Program Managers. Maintained office equipment and ordered supplies.

e Prepared weekly spreadsheets monitoring more than 15 ongoing projects.Oversaw status of projects by
continually gathering information and following-up with Program Managers.

e Updated dynamic organizational charts and headcount spreadsheets.

e Answered multiline telephone system, maintained appointment calendar, filed personnel records, and
assisted Program Manager.

e Performed timely and highly accurate data entry to ensure fastest turnaround possible for end of month
invoicing.

e Developed, planned, organized, and administered policies and procedures for organization to ensure
administrative and operational objectives were met.

e Implemented corrective action plan to solve problems.

e Established and maintained comprehensive and current record keeping system of activities and
operational procedures in business office.

e Prepared, reviewed, and submitted reports concerning activities, expenses, budget, government
statutes and rulings, and other items affecting business and program services.

e Consulted with staff and others in government, business, and private organizations to discuss issued,
coordinate activities, and resolve problems.

e Prepared budget and directed and monitored expenditures of department funds.

e Directed and conducted studies and research, and prepared reports and other publications relating to
operational trends and program objectives and accomplishments.

LCQN EDITOR 2001 to 2004
BancFirst | City, STATE

e Verified and examined information and accuracy of loan application and closing documents.

e Recorded applications for loan and credit, loan information, and disbursement of funds, using computer.

e Accepted payment on accounts.

e Filed and maintained loan records.

e Presented loan and repayment schedule to customer.

e Calculated, reviewed, and corrected errors on interest, principal, payment, and closing costs, using
computer and calculator.

e Contacted credit bureaus, employers, and other sources to check applicant credit and personal
references.

e Assembled and compiled documents for closing, such as title abstract, insurance form, loan form, and
tax receipt.

e Prepared and typed loan applications, closing documents, legal documents, letters, forms, government
notices, and checks, using computer.

e Interviewed loan applicant to obtain personal and financial data and to assist in filling out application.

e Complied with federal, state, and company policies, procedures, and regulations.

e Debited and credits accounts.

e Processed negotiable instruments such as checks and vouchers.

e Evaluated records for accuracy of balanced, postings, calculations, and other records pertaining to
business and operating transactions and reconciled, and notes discrepancies.

e Recorded financial transactions and other account information to update and maintain accounting
records.

Associate | Accounting 2007
Ashworth University, Norcross, GA

GPA: GPA: 3.55

Accounting GPA: 3.55

10-Key Calculator, accounting, administrative, Billing, budget, Business Correspondence, calculator, charts,
closing, credit, Client, Data Entry, Editing, Event Coordination, Fax, filling, Financial, forms, funds,
government, insurance, Inventory, invoicing, legal documents, letters, notes, meetings, Microsoft Excel, Mail,
office, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Office Equipment, Office Management,
organizational, Payroll, personnel, Copier, policies, Processes, Proofreading, publications, Purchasing, record
keeping, research, scheduling, spreadsheets, tax, telephone, phone, Typing