RICHARD BACH, MBA

1234 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10021 © 917-123-4567 ¢ bach@email.com

SENIOR OPERATIONS & PROJECT MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE
Strategy Development * Business Process Management ¢ Technology Integration

Retail Banking | Commercial Banking | Private Banking

Outcome-focused banking operations executive with 28 years of in-house and client-facing experience
consolidating and repositioning corporate strategies to improve profitability. Expertise leading multi-million dollar
initiatives, aligning operations with business strategy for financial institutions ranging from S6B to S4T in assets.
Management of up to 90 people and budgets up to $30M.

Expertise across all lines of business, developing go-to-market strategies, designing sales delivery models,
streamlining operations, and selecting and deploying information technology solutions. Known for integrating
change, devising collective solutions that leverage business drivers and incentives.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

BEADS Sy EL PRetie LOD: INOW: VORRS PUN cacasscabsncisonsavcentusanedchddskiabucanead pacusanadinveadwacehuccubece 2001 to present
One of the world’s largest professional services firms,

Director, Financial Services Group
Hired by ABD Associates, LLC to lead client strategy, process, technology and change management projects,
Retained on PWC acquisition to principal roles across engagements for banks with assets of $8B to $2.3T.

Project highlights:

* Top Four U.S. Bank: Business Banking Operating Model: Performed segmentation to identify
customers best served in another channel and market analysis to optimize bankers’ geographic
placement. Directed nationwide customer and non-customer focus groups and quantitative surveys to
validate Customer Value Proposition.

* East Coast Regional Bank (S80B assets, 12,575 employees): /7 and Operations Review: Identified
S10M annually in process improvements and implementations, and $3M in annual new fee income
opportunities,

* State Bank (S28B assets, 140 branches, 6,000 employees): Teller Workforce Management: Reduced
teller FTE 10%; identified and implemented process and technology changes to gain teller line
efficiencies of $400K annually; and implemented segment-based fee collection approach and teller
training, increasing fee collections by $970K annually.

* Private Bank (S7B assets, 1,100 employees): Client Service Review: Inventoried and assessed
customer and back-office processes at seven client service offices for potential automation,
standardization, centralization, or transfer to other departments. Created business / staffing model to
support anticipated growth and rationalize optimized resources.

EP. MORGAN CHASE & CO, New: Vouk Ny sscsn ae aa a aaa aes nae kaa Se apne 1994 to 2001
Sixty countries, $2 trillion in assets, largest capitalization and third largest deposit base in the United States.

E-Business Systems Consultant
Managed technology and business project teams serving 800 staff in New York, NY, and five other sites, daily
facilitating 14,500 customer calls and 7,2500 e-mail queries.

- continued