info@resumekraft.com
202-555-0120 [)

Kevi ni M | C n a e| Chicago, Illinois, US Q

linkedin.com/resumekraft jp

PROJECT MANAGEMENT STUDENT

Energetic and ambitious student in the field of Business-Management who has developed a mature and
responsible approach to any task undertaken, or situation presented. Experienced in leadership and teamwork,
hard worker and innovative, willing to learn and to get new skills. Ability to work with a variety of people of different
ages, good listener with excellent communication skills.

Skills Microsoft office gg @ @ Citrix Baa
Computers SBaB SAP Bas

Languages SEB BB Customer Service § @ B®

Associate Engineer, Remote Support
Rockstone Automation Feb 2020 - Present
e Provided technical support to clients and engineers, technicians and product
specialists who diagnose and solve technical problems, mostly via phone.
e developed knowledgebase articles based on customer issues and own

research results.
e made simulations and analysis of our customer issues in Lab enviroment

IT Service Desk Agent
Fitzee technology solutions Jan 2019 -Nov 2019
e Dedicated Helpdesk professional who provided technical support in a 450+
user environment in UK.
e Skilled problem-solver able to communicate with user at all levels of technical
proficiency
e Able to maintain and support systems, workstations, printers and peripherals;
respond to user service requests; and resolve trouble tickets
e Commend for quickly resolving complex issues including system crashes,
network slowdowns, connectivity problems and more.
e Use of technical, analytical and communication skills to accurately identify
user needs and provide effective solutions.
e Knowledge on Citrix, SAP, Remote control apps.

Sales, marketing and management assistant
Lounge Lizard Worldwide Jul 2018 - Sep 2018
e Sold products and dealt with different types of costumers
e Made inventories of the products needed for the different events such as
farmer markets, catering services
e Checked the incomes and daily earnings
e Made online advertisement

Assistant In the marketing department
University of Lima Mar 2016 - Jul 2016

e Scheduled meetings between students and teachers.
Helped with organizing activities for the new students of the university
Introduced the university to groups of students from different schools
Distributed flyers to advertise the university
Organized lunches for the groups of students from different cities who visited
the university