Krystal L. Safford

9573 Estate Drive Mobile, AL 36695 251-786-0471  kis7683@yahoo.com

MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL

Performance drivan and result oriented manager with broad experience in office management, personnel supernision, and
business support. Organized and effectively handle multiple projects in a dynamic emronment. Trustworthy and loyal
with an adaptive personality.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Store Manager 06/15 — Present
Sport Clips, Mobile, AL

* Manage salon staff of six employees, to include recruifing exceptional professionals to maintain salon

standards

« Motivate employee with daily coaching to improve perlormance and overall sales.
Superise administrative functions and ensure all records, schedule and payroll remain up to date file
appropriately .
Coordinate customer promotion according to the comorate marketing plan to increase business.
Consistently increase month over month revenue of a new store in a competitive location.
Reconciled cash register to balance and closeout nightly paperwork.
Proficiently sale and upsale products and senices to clients.
Apply specialized techniques to create haircuts and styles.

Salon Manager 07/14 —06/15
Ulta Beauty Salon, Mobile, AL

Managed Salon staff of eight employees to include recruiting, training, and coaching.

Completed weekly employee work schedules and biweekly payroll approval and submissions.

Developed and executed key strategies that focused on client experiences and maximized seréce sales.
Senice clients with intricate cutting, coloring, highlighting and styling techniques.

Preformed skin treatment senices after indiidual consultation including, facials, makeup and eye lash
extensions.

* Built solid customer base through referrals of previously satisfied clients.

eee ee

ee @ @ @

Cosmetology Educator

Fortis College, Mobile, AL 04/11 —04/14

Leveraged managenal and leadership skills to promote the mission vision and values of Education Affiliates.

Facilitate learning by teaching and following the school’s published curriculum.

Completed student's progress evaluations and preformed academic counseling.

Managed a classroom setting of 20 students to motivate and demonstrate the educational and technical skills

required for the State Board of Cosmetology Exam.

¢ Continued education and training of naw techniques or teaching methods developed or mandated during
employment.

« Reconciled cash register to balance and closeout nightly paperwork.

« Provided Administration’ Clerical support by answering mulli-phone lines, scheduling appointments, customer
senice.

e Received, routed and responded to incoming customer and business correspondance.