JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Hardworking and meticulous Financial Management Technician with 20 years working for United States Army. Highly proficient in financial
accounting and document processing. Expert record keeper with expertise in database management. Enthusiastic and team-oriented Financial
Management Technician for the United States Army with a firm grasp of accounting principles and financial procurement. Offering an
exemplary client service record and highly-developed organizational skills. Experienced Financial Management Officer with 20 years of
success in overseeing financial activities for clientele. Expert in Finance with reputation for excellence in operational efficiency and integrity.

Developed business relationships to improve communication between departments.

SKILLS
e Disbursing and Pay Support preparation e Human resources knowledge
¢ Contract administration © Staff Management
*« Computer literacy e Familiar with account coding
e Till counting e Process implementation
Work HIsToRyY

Financial Management Technician, 10/2021 - Current
Department Of Defense — Tobyhanna, PA
¢ Recorded, interpreted and communicated financial data and plans using Disbursing and Payroll systems...
¢ Consulted on budgetary planning for special projects such as GFEBS by presenting financial data and information on past budgets.
¢ Offered budget development and financial planning to clients.
e Assisted with design of financial management system to be compatible with DFAS requirements.
e Handled payments and disbursements for foreign and domestic customers.
e Performed audits on disbursing and payroll records to certify accurate financial reporting and appropriate spending practices.
e Maintained records of budgetary spending using DDS and GFEBS to account for tax dollars spent by U.S. Army.
¢ Performed routine closings, maintained clean, accurate and accessible records and kept close eye on transaction updates throughout each
quarter.
e Prepared internal and regulatory financial reports, balance sheets and income statements.

Instructor, 05/2018 - 10/2021
Mantech International Corporation — Bellevue, WA
e Evaluated and revised lesson plans and course content to achieve student-centered learning.
e Applied various teaching aids to minimize learning gaps and instruct and motivate students.
¢ Used learning assessments to regularly monitor student understanding of class concepts and materials.
© Defined and articulated goal learning outcomes, performance metrics and changes to improve student learning.
e Initiated new learning methods, promoting total student comprehension while curbing learning time.
e Tested students on materials presented in workshops and classes to assess grasp of material.

Finance Auditor, 06/2015 - 05/2018
Northrop Grumman — Cape Canaveral, FL
¢ Performed quality inspections and document findings to promote accountability and identify potential efficiency opportunities.
e Assessed risks and internal controls by identifying areas of non-compliance and evaluating manual and automated financial processes.
¢ Developed audit guides promoting economy, efficiency, and accountability in operations management.
e Recorded, reviewed and interpreted [Type] data to determine effectiveness of operations.
e Analyzed risk and evaluated internal and management controls.
¢ Provided financial control information by collecting, analyzing and summarizing data and trends.
¢ Traveled both domestically and internationally to conduct and support audit assignments.
* Provided outstanding customer service skills for both internal and external customers.
e Generated audit plans and performed initial and follow-up audits.
e Mastered auditing procedures for researching, writing and finalizing audits.

e Reviewed financial materials and procedures to spot errors, inefficiencies or instances of misuse.

Customer Service Manager, 05/2012 - 06/2015
Lg Electronics — Gwynedd, PA
¢ Introduced higher standards for customer service and increased efficiency by streamlining operations.
* Supervised employees and assessed performances to determine training needs and define accurate plans for decreasing process lags.
¢ Developed service procedures, policies and standards.
e Created and reviewed invoices to confirm accuracy.
* Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
¢ Controlled resources and utilized assets to achieve qualitative and quantitative targets.
e Kept accurate records to document customer service actions and discussions.
e Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.
e Trained and regularly mentored associates on performance-oriented strategies and customer service techniques.

e Researched and corrected customer concerms to promote company loyalty.

EDUCATION
Associate of Arts: Business
Columbia Southern University - Orange Beach, AL
Bachelor of Arts: Business, 10/2022
American Public University System - Charles Town, WV
CERTIFICATIONS

© Certified in Financial Management- 2022