SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Seeking an Executive Assistant position that would allow me to utilize my 10 years of administrative experience while transitioning into a
field that would allow me to take advantage of the training and education I received while obtaining my Master Degree in Management.

SKILLS

e Excellent Organization and Communication Skills e Business awareness and management skills

e Proven abilities in the area of recruitment.

¢ Inquisitive problem solver
¢ Strong Computer Proficiencies in MS Word, MS Excel, Publisher,
and Database Application

EXPERIENCE

09/2017 to 05/2021 Claims Adjuster/Management Development Trainee

City Of Harrisonburg, Va — Harrisonburg, VA

¢ Managed and investigated accident claims to determine liability.

e Investigated bodily injury claims.

¢ Provided outstanding customer service by showcasing expertise and fostering trust.
¢ Showcased computer multitasking skills.

e Worked comfortably in a fast-paced, high volume call center environment.
e Issued and monitored payments/checks to settle claims.

e Negotiated with Attorneys to reach an amiable settlement.

e Trainee in the Management Development Program.

e Assisted in training new associates.

¢ Successfully promoted through the levels of claims.

° E.

04/2015 to 09/2017 Legal Executive Administrative Assistant

Dougherty County District Attorney’s Office — City, STATE

e Assisted attomey in preparing cases for trials and court proceedings.

¢ Provided general administrative and clerical support including mailing, scanning, faxing, and copying for attorney.
¢ Maintained electronic and hard copy filing system.

e Managed calendar, schedule and coordinate meetings and appointments for attorney.

¢ Prepared and modified legal documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails.
e Typed various legal documents using Microsoft word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Microsoft publisher.

© Opened, sorted, and distributed incoming correspondence.

e Answered calls from victims regarding their case status.

e Input information into file database and case management software.

e Provided customer service to the public, and serves as a point of contact for attorney.

e Filed motions and research casework for trial.

¢ Supported and assisted attorney during trials.

e Trained and developed new administrative staff.

¢ Prepared time sheets for payroll processing.

e Assisted attomey in assigning daily tasks for college interns.

05/2012 to 02/2015 Certified Police Officer

Albany Police Department — City, STATE

¢ Focused on protecting people and property.

e Patrolled entire jurisdictions to be the first point of contact for citizens in need.

e Responded to emergency calls while remaining calm and organized.

e Made quick decisions to aid on scene emergency and non-emergency situation.

¢ Investigated criminal violations by ascertaining all facts available at the crime scene by taking statements,
conducting interviews, and/or interrogating suspects, witnesses, and victims.

¢ Documented the preliminary investigation accurately, completely, and in a timely manner.

¢ Prepared detail reports and other forms of documentation accurately and in a timely manner.

© Undertook community oriented police work by communicating with and assisting citizens.

¢ Maintained professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; establishing personal
networks while participating in professional societies.

e Maintained all required licenses and certificates; maintained basic qualifications to include firearms, defensive
tactics, and emergency driving.

07/2007 to 05/2012 Senior Administrative Clerk/Payroll Coordinator

Dougherty County — City, STATE

e Provided general administrative and clerical support including mailing, scanning, faxing, and copying Police
Administration.

e Typed, proofread, and edited various reports, warrants, memorandum other legal documentation, including
materials of a confidential nature, using Microsoft Word and Excel.

e Performed customer service activities by answering phone calls, greeting guests and visitors, scheduling
appointments and meeting, and explaining programs, policies and procedures within the scope of authority.

* Developed and maintained extensive filing and recording keeping system.

e Maintained citizen’s confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.

e Maintained a money log for currency brought into the department.

e Maintained a record for officer’s traffic stats and vehicle mileage.

e Maintained technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing publications.

e Maintains electronic and hardcopy personnel records.

e Public Notary.

e Certified as a Terminal Agency Coordinator (Georgia Crime Information Center).

e Validated records entered into the GCIC/NCIC system.

e Assisted in selecting candidates for employment; hiring and retention clerk, interview board.

e Trained and oversee new hires and other clerks within the department.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

11/2016

05/2007

05/2003

Master’s Degree: Management, Human Resource Management
Kaplan University
GPA: 3.3 on 4.0

Bachelor’s Degree: Political Science, Sociology
Georgia Southwestern State University - Americus, GA
GPA: 3.47 on 4

High School Diploma
Albany High School - Albany, GA
GPA: 3.5, GPA: 4.0, Prep Seal