SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

1
\
Y

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Hard working , Dependable, Safety-conscious Hazardous Materials Driver proudly offering over 40 years'
experience in the oilfield , gauging tanks, taking samples, logging information in observance of federal
regulations and following safe driving practices. A real go-getter known for maintaining trucking vehicles to
comply with Department of Transportation policies.

Knowledgeable in preventative equipment maintenance and considered a very dedicated worker.
Professional known for maneuvering trucks into tight loading and unloading areas easily. Determined CDL
Driver boasting a safe driving record, consistent job attendance and the ability to work in any type of weather.
Proficient in analyzing samples, coordinating data and reviewing trends to assess information quality and
maximize operational accuracy. Good inspection, critical thinking and problem-solving abilities developed over
years of related experience. Looking to apply knowledge and abilities to new position.

Experience in warehouse and inventory management. Specializing in increasing efficiency and accuracy in
shipping and receiving operations.

e Current CDL license e Pre- and post-trip inspections
e Hazardous Materials Endorsement e Manufacturing and warehouse procedures
e Organizational Management e Accurate recordkeeping
e Motivated self-starter ¢ Following detailed instructions
e Basic math skills e Diagnostics knowledge
e Safe driver e Inventory control procedures
e Extremely well rounded in all facets of the oil and « Cost reduction
gas industry

e Inventory management

CDL CHEMICAL DELIVERY DRIVER/ WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT 11/2018 to CURRENT
Haliburton Multi-Chem | City, STATE

e Managed proper transportation of dangerous goods such as anti corrosive and scavenger chemicals
with no incidents.

e Planned efficient routes and adjusted strategies based on current weather and traffic information.

e Responded quickly to customer complaints and gathered all pertinent information to make educated
decisions for remediation.

e Loaded, balanced and secured product to safely transport goods across the baakken.

e Consulted with supervisors and dispatch personnel to assess situations, determine appropriate
solutions and make decisions.

e Updated logs with timely and accurate information meet internal requirements and DOT recordkeeping
demands.

e Performed inspections and completed vehicle repairs.

e Maintained safe driving habits to protect property and general public on roadways.

e Established relationships with customers through use of interpersonal, active listening and inquiry
response skills.

e Observed all driving regulations and safety procedures, maintaining 100% safe driving record over 20
years.

e Inspected trucks and trailers before and after trips and completed basic maintenance for optimal
performance.

e Inspected vehicle prior to and after completing each shift, noting any damage or issues in detailed logs.

e Attached or loaded vehicles and reviewed all connections for security.

e Demonstrated safe driving by observing all road rules, exercising caution in unfamiliar areas and
maintaining vehicle control.

e Established long-term relationships with customers by promoting great service and engagement skills
and quickly resolving issues.

e Logged all pertinent shift information, including driving hours and data on time to keep reports current.

e Used forklift and hand equipment to assist with loading and unloading vehicles and properly securing
items for long road trips.

CD CHEMICAL DELIVERY DRIVER 04/2016 to 11/2018
Mountain Supply Co | City, STATE

e Inspected trucks and trailers before and after trips and completed basic maintenance for optimal
performance.

e Planned efficient routes and adjusted strategies based on current weather and traffic information.

e Responded quickly to customer complaints and gathered all pertinent information to make educated
decisions for remediation.

e Updated logs with timely and accurate information meet internal requirements and DOT recordkeeping
demands.

e Reviewed all vehicles in fleet on basis to determine those requiring immediate repairs and maintenance
work.

e Logged all pertinent shift information, including driving hours and data on time to keep reports current.

e Conducted vehicle and equipment inspections to maintain safety and comply with laws.

e Loaded, balanced and secured product to safely transport goods across the Baakken.

e Used forklift and hand equipment to assist with loading and unloading vehicles and properly securing
items for long road trips.

e Performed inspections and completed vehicle repairs.

e Communicated effectively with dispatchers to provide updated information on road conditions and
potential hazards.

e Completed efficient transfers to final destinations to keep routes on schedule.

e Inspected vehicle prior to and after completing each shift, noting any damage or issues in detailed logs.

e Demonstrated safe driving by observing all road rules, exercising caution in unfamiliar areas and
maintaining vehicle control.

e Maintained ongoing communications with to keep teammates informed.

e Maintained neat and professional appearance during every shift to promote positive company
presence.

e Maintained safe driving habits to protect property and general public on roadways.

e Attached or loaded vehicles and reviewed all connections for security.

CI CHEMICAL TREATER TRUCK DRIVER 11/2007 to 02/2016
Baker Petrolite | City, STATE

e Operated powered lift trucks, floor sweepers, pallet jacks and forklifts safely and with a 0% incident rate.

e Inspected product load for accuracy and safely transported it around warehouse.

e Evaluated and reconfigured systems to support customer service and operational goals.

e Managed data imports, exports and conversions based on specific project needs.

e Maneuvered trucks into tight areas, maintaining proper positioning for loading and unloading.

e Observed all road rules and regulations and maintained safe driving record when transporting
hazardous materials

¢ Liaised with customers and other drivers professionally, promoting positive company representation.

e Identified truck and equipment problems requiring repair work by performing inspections prior to and
after all trips.

Lake Region State College, Devils Lake, ND

Hig.” School Diploma 05/1976
South Heart High School, South Heart ND

Clear Class A CDL License
HAZMAT endorsement
Airbrake Doubles and triples