RICHARD ROBINSON Maintown, WV 44333" $55.222.5489

Rrobinson111@acl.com

Senior Manager
20+ yeors of proven track record of tackling and solving tough business and technica! problems

Resourceful, level-headed Senior Manager with progressive proven records of formulation and execution of
strategic, financial and sales plans to achieve company goals. Possessing excellent client facing and employee
skills. Adept at defining company direction and optimizing business opportunities. Talented at nurturing and
growing business, Skilled at evaluating opportunities and risks. Able to deliver innovative new solutions to
challenges. Collaborative leader, successful in building and motivating dynamic teams.

Highlights of Expertise
© Regional Oversite © Strategic Planning
© Project Management * Contract Negotiations
© Strategy & Execution * Management/Evaluation
© Supply Chain Optimization © Team Building/Leadership & Mentoring
© Client Relations & Presentation © Sales Strategy & Management
© Process Optimization © Organizational Management Skills
© Financial Analysis * Operational Management
Career Experience

Supply Chain Company, Maintown, WV
SENIOR MANGER (2017 to Present}

Accomplish strategic plan through overseeing operations, developing functional roles and assigning
responsibilities to employees.
¢ Displayleadership in training and educating manufacturing, distribution, and third-party logistics
(3PL) executives to enhance profitability and efficiency with logistics operations.
*« Manage P&Lwhich involves monitoring net income after expenses, with direct influence on how
company resources are allocated.
+ Identify qualitative and quantitative improvements to organizational supply chains from order
inception to delivery resulting in significant reduction in supply chain costs.

International inc, = Maintown, WV
ACCOUNT MANAGER (2014 to 2017)
Managed and oversaw daily operations of Assigned Accounts. Increased revenue by expanding service
offerings. Provided improvement opportunities and cost savings to client base.
+ Executed beneficial programs and confirmed long-standing partnerships by communicating thorough
understanding of assigned businesses.
+ Identified cost improvement changes and cost savings plans that resultedin increased company
savings.
« Twoyears consecutively one of highest S-growth accounts in company resulting in company growth
and opportunities.