JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Organized and dedicated Administrative Assistant with proven track record of providing exceptional customer service in fast-paced
environments. Offering keen attention to detail and strong decision making skills to manage multiple, concurrent tasks. Self-motivated work
ethic to perform effectively in independent or team environments.

SKILLS
¢ Meeting minutes e Purchase orders organization
* Office administration e Conference planning
« Process optimization ¢ Mail distribution
¢ Travel Administration e Employee timesheet processing
« Routing Mail e Package routing
¢ Organizing Mail e Meeting arrangements
¢ Program Files Maintenance e Letter preparation
¢ Faxing Paperwork e Sorting and labeling
« Document Conversion e Statistical data gathering
« Correspondence Handling e Mail handling
¢ Customer and client relations e Administrative support
e Time management
Work History

01/2022 to 04/2022 Management & Program Assistant (120 Day Detail)

Ibm Corporation — Chantilly, VA

GS-07

40 hours per week
* Schedule meetings for managers as requested.
e Arrange travel arrangements for managers.
¢ Review all managers authorizations/vouchers prior to approval to assure authorizations/vouchers have the correct

accounting codes.

* Complete PARs for the Dallas territory.
e Check and Validate SETR timekeeping for the Dallas territory.
¢ Perform Title Searches for Revenue Officers.
© Order Supplies for the Dallas territory using a Government credit card.
e Send out Action Due emails to managers and requesting a response in a timely manner.
¢ Run monthly reports for managers in the Dallas territory.
e Updating the Dallas territory Org Chart and Pseudonym on a monthly basis.
e Add new employees to SETR timekeeping.
e Assist Managers, support staff and other employees as needed.

04/2022 to Current Shared Administrative Assistant
Internal Revenue Service, Small Business Unit — City, STATE

© GS-06 Step 7

e 40 hours per week

e Assisting the managers with administrative and clerical duties.

e Verify SETR timekeeping and ICS to make sure each Revenue Officer has 40 hours, and their time is correct each
week for payroll purposes.

e Make any corrections and/or changes to SETR timekeeping and ICS such as:

e Correcting Revenue Officers SETR codes, work hours, and submit T&A corrections.

© Updating the Territory ORG CHART to include Revenue Officers name, address, contact number, emergency
contact number and desk number.

e Assigning cases Revenue Officers per their request (T-sign & STAUP) after the managers approval.

e Order Credit Reports for Revenue Officers per their request after managers approval.

e Sort and distribute mail to Revenue Officers.

© Deliver checks received by mail to Revenue Officers, deliver to manager if checks are over $100,000.

e Review certified mail and make sure it’s is properly written into the Accountable Mail Book.

¢ Make sure mail is picked up from mailroom by 10:30 am daily, make sure outgoing mail is out and in mailroom by
2:30 pm daily.

© Coordinate and initiate office supply orders for multiple groups and/or offices, as the purchase card holder,
responsible for submitting payment for supplies using a Government credit card.

e Establishing and Documenting supply orders and purchases on FY22 Requisition log for reconciliation purposes.

e Reconciling purchases once order had been delivered.

e Run weekly time reports for managers.

e Run End Of Month Reports for managers.

e Advise managers of any Midyear and or Annuals that are due within 60 days.

e Maintain an established 3210 log book daily.

e Maintain an established 795 log book daily.

e Contact the contractors when network printers are not working.

e Take meeting minute notes during monthly meetings.

e Prepare closed/archived case files for shipping.

© Monitor and track mail distribution and timeliness.

e Perform other duties and special projects as assigned, which may include assisting other groups and/or
management officials.

10/2017 to 07/2021 Customer Contact Representative
Internal Revenue Service, IRS/Accounts Management — City, STATE

e GS-08 Step 1

e 40 hours per week

e Responsible for taking inbound calls from taxpayers. power of attorney's, third party designee and first-time filers
in the Accounts Management Department.

e Authenticating the calling by asking a series of questions and performing high risk disclosure (additional questions)
if applicable.

e Accessing the taxpayer's account to make any updates, such as address changes.

e Checking status of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Economic Impact payments, creating traces if payment has not been received
by check and or direct deposit.

e Resolving any issues requested by the taxpayer.

e Explaining what future actions are required to achieve voluntary compliance by computing and advising of tax
liability and probable assessment of taxes.

e Going over balance due and creating installment agreements.

e Amending tax returns and making any corrections requested by the taxpayer.

e Mailing correspondence letters to the taxpayer.

e Responding to a wide range of inquires involving laws, rules, and regulations.

04/2022 to Current Shared Administrative Asistant
Company Name — City, State

04/2022 to Current Shared Administrative Assistant
Company Name — City, State
EpucaTION

05/1997 High School Diploma
Metropolitan Advanced Technical High School - Kansas City, Missouri
Attended Metropolitan Advanced Technical Hih School from 09/1993-05/1997