EpucatTIon

04/2024

12/2021

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Bachelor of Arts: Finance
Wayne State - Detroit, MI

Associate of Arts: Finance
Oakland Community College - Royal Oak

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Driven Human Resources professional offering a year of career history in HR roles. Superior technical and communication skills. Solid

background in assessing, training and inspiring new employee personnel. As well as Ambitious over 10 years of experience in diverse
technical, clerical and administrative office duties. Highly skilled in time management, HR policies and appointment setting.

SKILLS
¢ Survivability operations e Remote Conferencing
« Ground reconnaissance © Meeting Note Taking
* Combat engineering support * Critical Thinking
e Firing systems installations e Highly Efficient and Productive
e Threat mine neutralization e Administrative Procedures
¢ Policy Improvement Recommendations * Social Media Updating
« Statistical Data Analysis ¢ Document Sorting
¢ Relationship Building e Account Investigation

¢ Dispute Mediation
¢ Problem Solving
e Program Analysis

e Data Entry
e Reception Duties
* Visitor Relations

* Conflict Resolution e Calendar Management

e Accident Investigation ¢ High Volume Phone Inquiries

« Human Resources Allocation e Cleaning and Sanitizing

« Organizational Development e Spreadsheet Tracking

¢ Confidential Document Control e Customer Service

¢ Verbal and Written Communication e Writing and Editing Skills

¢ Professional and Courteous e Presentation Development

¢ Multitasking and Time Management ¢ Staff Orientation and Training
« Appointment Coordination e Friendly and Patient

¢ Report Preparation e Attention to Detail

e Strong Organizational Skills e Troubleshooting Network Issues
¢ Supply Inventory Control © Defect Analysis and Resolution
e Ease with Computers and Technology e Highly Professional

« Confidentiality and Data Protection ¢ Software Evaluation

« Resource Coordination and Allocation e Active Listening

¢ Judgment and Decision Making e Error Detection

« Database Maintenance e System Configuration

e Microsoft Office
Work History

© User Training

04/2021 to 09/2021 Department of Information Management (DOIM)

G6 — City, MI

¢ Performed various administrative functions, including filing paperwork, delivering mail, sorting mail, office
cleaning and bookkeeping.

¢ Improved productivity initiatives while coordinating itineraries and scheduling appointments.

¢ Helped with employee record keeping. including unemployment and I-9 forms to support compliance procedures.

e Prepared monthly, weekly and daily logs using Microsoft Office Suite.

© Developed strong written and verbal communication skills.

e Managed UNCLASSIFIED AND CLASSIFIED documents and maintained permanent files.

¢ Developed team communications and information for meetings.

¢ Tracked various statistics and kept detailed records to support G6 functions and department status.

¢ Proofread copy written by colleagues to correct spelling, punctuation and grammar.

e Researched and wrote technical articles in policy that is now implemented state wide.

© Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and error-free content.

¢ Organized material to research and complete writing tasks.

e Worked closely with DOIM management to maintain optimum levels of security for SIPR NIPR and effectively
and efficiently complete projects that reflected in scores for the 2021 CCRI this (COMMAND CYBER
READINESS INSPECTION)

e Led identification, development, implementation and maintenance of security requirements for MING
(STATEWIDE)

¢ Established company-wide security best practices and protocols to mitigate risk of data breach.

e Directed efforts to mitigate threats to personnel and infrastructure, reduce risks and optimize access to critical
information.

e Delivered network technology training to junior team members and end-users, enhancing knowledgebase and team
productivity. (BY CREATING A SIPR SOP)

e Broke down and evaluated user problems, using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions. AS WELL
AS, had access to (DISS) to check security clearance's.

e Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better understanding.

e Managed system-wide operating system and software deployments, as well as related software upgrade problems.

¢ Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.

© Created and updated tracking spreadsheets using MICROSOFT OFFICE

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

e Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business processes.

¢ Produced accurate office files, updated spreadsheets and crafted presentations to support executives and boost team
productivity.

e Provided clerical support to company employees by copying, faxing and filing documents.

e Handled daily scheduling tasks and provided administrative support for entire department.

Composed internal and external correspondence for senior management and reviewed all documentation to
eliminate errors.

04/2021 to 09/2021 G2 SECRETARY

G2 OF JFHQ - City, MI

© Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and error-free content.

e Analyzed developments in field to update instruction literature.

© Carefully documented technical workflows in private wiki for education of newly hired employees.

e Researched and wrote technical articles AND EDITED publications.

e WAS responsible for issuing ID CARDS TO Personnel When manager was out.

e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.

¢ Handled [number] calls per [timeframe] to address customer inquiries and concerns.

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

¢ Maintained office supplies inventory by checking stock and ordering new supplies as needed.

e Organized envelopes, postage and mail correspondence for staff and management, maintaining postage meter and
coordinating with delivery and courier services.

¢ Drafted agendas, recorded minutes and created documents for meetings.

e Answered multi-line phone system and greeted callers enthusiastically.

11/2020 to 02/2021 COVID 19 RESPONSE TEAM

Michigan National Guard — City, MI

e Prepared and packaged boxes during box assembly line phase.

e Maintained accurate log of in-stock food supply and restocked shelves as inventory got low.

e Packaged up nonperishable food items for food bank visitors.

e Accurately weighed incoming and outgoing food.

¢ Loaded and unloaded distribution trucks at destination.

e Directed volunteer vehicles, recipient vehicles, and distribution trucks in high-traffic and parking locations.

¢ Helped visitors pick out food items from donations.

¢ Coordinated logistics of distribution trucks to include arrival, distribution area, and sign-in procedures.

¢ Built partnerships with related organizations Air national Guard to develop support the greater flint community

e Prepared orders for shipment by inserting associated paperwork, tagging boxes and scanning barcodes to upload
package data to tracking system.

e Achieved production targets by maintaining high productivity levels and communicating with team members
regarding orders and fulfillment.

e Picked products for specific routes and estimated weight, height and center of balance to calculate precise
placements.

e Prepared orders by processing requests, pulled materials from warehouse, packed boxes, and prepared shipments.

¢ Reduced fulfillment errors by using RF scanners to quickly pick items to proper bins.

© Moved boxes and organized aisles to open up floor space and enable forklift operators to move freely through
warehouse.

e Entered package information into company's computer system.

02/2019 to 04/2024 25 Bravo

156 — City, MI

e Performed as fire team member during situational training exercises and all infantry dismounted battle drills.

e Carried out defensive and offensive data protection operations.

e Trained in small arms, anti-armor and indirect fire weapons.

¢ Implemented tactics. procedures, and techniques for SIPR / NIPR defense systems.

e Supported troops completing air missions in training exercises and real-world engagements.

e Engaged targets in low-light conditions using night vision equipment.

e Secured and protected military property, assets and personnel.

© Operated and maintained armored vehicles.

¢ Monitored conditions for field artillery team during combat missions.

¢ Suppressed or neutralized enemies using small-arms. light artillery and drone weaponry.

© Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

e Performed duties in accordance with all applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe
working environment.

e Eliminated downtime and maximized revenue by providing top project quality control.

e Received and processed stock into inventory management system.

¢ Created help desk tickets, troubleshot and resolved desktop issues.

¢ Determined hardware and network system issues using effective troubleshooting techniques.

¢ Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on CISCO systems

e Answered questions and provided information to customers about new software or hardware.

¢ Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in
deployment of release fixes.

e Trained on WIN-T SYSTEMS SUCH AS THE SNAP - SMART T - STT - HICLOS - CPN TEAM

e Identified and solved technical issues using variety of diagnostic tools and tactics.

¢ Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency.

e Collaborated with supervisors to escalate and address customer inquiries or technical issues WHETHER it be from
the HUB or from the RHN.

¢ Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.

¢ Resolved issues with systems, hardware and telephones quickly and accurately.

e HAVE history with CISCO and currently hold 2 CISCO badges as well While training for security +