JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-qualified PSM Specialist bringing communication and documentation abilities developed over 5-year Warehouse and Food Processing
career. Solid background designing and implementing procedures to minimize and mitigate worker risk. Advanced training in OSHA and EPA
issues. With backgrounds in manufacturing and Construction.

SKILLS
e Industrial hygiene e Written And Verbal Communication
¢ Occupational health hazards e Leadership Skills
e Safety courses © Safety Standards
e OSHA standards and codes © Site Safety
¢ Safety and compliance inspections ¢ Management
* Occupational safety e Rules And Regulations
e Preventive measures e Safety And Health Standards
e Training and mentoring e Ability To Write Reports
¢ Records/files maintenance © Safety Audits
e Adaptability e Hazardous Materials
e Training & Development ¢ Construction Safety
e MS Office e Safety Meetings
e Industrial Manufacturing e Safety Training
¢ Incident Investigations e Emergency Situations
e Attention To Detail © Problem Solving
e Environmental Health And Safety e Facility Inspections
e Flexible & Adaptable * Regulatory Knowledge
e Administration e Maintenance
e Willing To Travel * Reporting Systems
*« Computer Skills © Safety Regulations
Work HIsTory

Process Safety Management Coordinator/Safety Officer, 05/2017 - Current
Powell Industries, Inc. — Houston, TX

¢ Verified monthly practice of fire drills for every work shift.

e Recognized. documented and advised on removal of hazards.

e Streamlined and directed occupational safety trend and current hazards analyses.

e Responded to any emergencies as instructed and with utmost efficiency.

* Conducted safety audits and investigated plant quality issues.

e Served as primary backup to officer in charge with various responsibilities related to compliance, operations management, and staff
supervision.

e Inspected worksites, practices and gear for compliance with established safety standards.

¢ Performed as safety consultant for 7 managers to deliver expertise in safety criteria, technical directives and operational methods.

¢ Provided assistance in managing health and safety programs aligned with industry standards.

¢ Gathered information, prepared reports, and drafted correspondence related to cases.

e Identified and eliminated potential safety code deficits and addressed adequacy of fire exits, stairways, aisle spaces and sprinkler systems
through annual inspections.

e Inspected facilities for adherence to fire, hazard and safety guidelines.

¢ Checked written JSAs and permits for adherence to regulations.

¢ Designed programs, policies, and procedures that were implemented to reduce or eliminate workplace injuries and hazards.

¢ Provided instructions to staffers during fire drills and emergency evacuations.

* Developed safety training procedures and authored manuals for distribution to staff members.

e Implemented safety training and traffic safety instructional courses which bolstered improvements in safety culture across personnel
groups.

e Wrote, coordinated and delivered mass educational briefings focused on occupational accident trends and prevention.

¢ Prepared relevant SRM documents in conformance with Safety Management System (SMS) order.

Safety Manager/Maintenance Manager, 02/2011 - 05/2017
Brand Hydraulics — City, STATE
e Trained employees in most current regulations and practices in effort to prevent mishaps and promote overall safety.
¢ Reduced injuries among personnel with development and implementation of robust safety programs and policies.
e Eliminated dangerous behaviors potentially impacting worker safety in manufacturing settings through careful analysis and process
optimization.
* Identified accident causes and optimal prevention strategies by conducting thorough investigations and analyses.
e Evaluated workplace conformance with OSHA standards and EPA regulations, implementing immediate strategies to resolve deficiencies.
* Optimized new employee training on gear and procedures to maximize team safety.
¢ Promoted worksite safety by implementing enhanced lockout and tagout maintenance processes.
e Inspected job sites and facilities to detect potential health hazards and put corrective measures immediately into effect.
e Addressed non-compliance issues and employees with Supervisors and suggested remediation.
¢ Facilitated training for 105 employees.
¢ Facilitated meetings with upper management and executives to discuss ways that safety could be improved.
¢ Facilitated occupational safety meetings and handled inquiries, questions and concerns in terms of training.
e Provided new-employee health and safety orientations and developed materials for presentations.

Journeyman Welder, 09/2009 - 02/2011
Jacobs Field Services — City, STATE
e Interpreted verbal and written instructions from work orders and welding blueprints.
e Examined structure and texture of parts to detect imperfections.
e Clamped, held, tack-welded, heat-bent and bolted component parts to achieve required configurations and positions.
¢ Bolted, clamped and tack-welded parts to secure components prior to welding.
e Chipped off excess weld, slag and spatter using hand tools.
* Operated hoists, cranes and power tools to dismantle equipment to find and remove defective parts.
e Repaired manufactured products by dismantling, straitening, reshaping and reassembling parts.
* Conducted special welds with extremely low tolerances for industrial operations.
e Inspected welds and checked critical measurements to meet specifications.
* Observed hydrostatic and dimension tolerance tests to evaluate weld quality and conformance to specifications.
e Welded parts using arc, gas-shielded arc, submerged arc and gas equipment.
e Assembled structural forms such as boiler parts and pressure vessels.
¢ Blew out machines, checked welding leads and wiring and changed filters for preventive maintenance.
e Maintained correct arc length and movement speed to form specified fusion depth and bead.
¢ Completed welding projects using gas tungsten arc, gas metal arc, flux-cored arc, plasma arc and shielded metal arc equipment.
¢ Used MIG gun arc to melt and deposit metal from electrode to workpieces.
*« Removed rough spots from work pieces with portable grinders, hand files and scrapers.
e Fabricated shop parts directly from blueprints.
e Welded in flat, horizontal, vertical and overhead positions.
e Set up and operated shielded metal arc and gas metal arc welding equipment.

EDUCATION
Master Welder Certificate
Tulsa Welding School - Tulsa, OK
High School Diploma
Union High School - Tulsa Ok
CERTIFICATIONS

* Principles of Occupational Safety and Health
e Train-the Trainer Classes

e Ammonia Operator 1 Training - 2017

* Ammonia Operator 2 Training - 2018

e RAGAGAP Training - 2019

e Motor Room Design Training - 2018

e PSM Principals and Understanding - 2017

e Advanced PSM Understanding - 2019

e HAZWOPER 40hr - 2017

e Emergency Response Training - 2017 thru 2021
e First Aid/ CPR/ AED - 2017

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Volunteer Work -

StoneBridge Christian Church- Small-Group Leader- Weekly 2016 - present
Assist with building projects

Volunteer Every Sunday in whatever capacity requested

Open Door Mission - Serve in whatever capacity needed

Sienna Francis House - Finished assembly and made beds for new facility