JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

ITIL Certified Service Management Lead with an experience of 10 years for one of the top 4 P&C Insurance client, with extensive
technical and functional expertise in NET Applications. Specializing in Incident,Problem and Change Management.

SKILLS
e Client/Server Architecture ® Oncall, Command Centre, BCP Champion
¢ SQL Server ¢ Process Improvement Champion - LEAN
e C#, ASP Net, XML e Incident, Problem.Change Management
¢ BMC Remedy, TFS, SCM e Project documentation
e Splunk, ITSM 9.1 e Scrum
e Service Level Agreements (SLA) ¢ Debugging, Testing and deployment

e P& C Insurance - Auto, SL, Commercial Lines
EXPERIENCE

03/2020 to Current .NET Applications (Service Management) Lead
Amazon.Com, Inc. — Downers Grove, IL

e Establishes weekly and monthly service status review meetings with key stakeholders

e Ensures and promotes ITIL best practices for Incident, Problem, Change, Release management

Managing 10 junior developers both in Onshore & Offshore by delivering consistent coaching and constructive
feedback.

e Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle, testing and final implementation.

¢ Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes within Client
Specified SLA and meeting KPI's.

¢ Implemented unit and integration testing protocols to consistently deliver high quality, functional features with
minimal defects.

e Advised customers and users on required maintenance practices for diverse software systems to support warranty
requirements and industry best practices.

e Submitted use cases that were implemented using RPA - Blue Prism to save effort and budget

e Followed LEAN Processes and developed A3 Model for process improvements within the team

e Preparing weekly and monthly SLA, KPI, Audit, PBI & Incident reports and presenting to Client

¢ Delivered software solutions consistent with product roadmap, release plan milestones and key performance
indicators.

08/2015 to 02/2020 Service Management Specialist
Capgemini — City, STATE

e Analyzing the Business Requirements and System Specifications to understand the application and fix the issue
under the Incident & Problem Management.

e Creating new knowledge base and problem known errors.

¢ Maintain high coding standards, there by developing an easy maintainable code. Internal code review and arrange
official code review with the client.

e Adhere to Service Level Agreements (SLA& KPI) to meet targets

¢ Provide on call support during Production elevates and monitor servers during maintenance and patching.

e Leading the Internal Quality team (Audit Team) to verify if the problem/Incident fixtures has meet client KPI's

* Command Centre - AVM Check, SplunK, UI Error logs, Instrumentation Database

e Health Check after production elevate.Database MonitorinG, New Trend & Error Analysis Research

¢ Involve External teams and all stake holders during an Issue

e Work on test Environment and propose immediate fix for any production Issues

03/2011 to 08/2015 .NET Developer
Capgemini — City, STATE
e Develop and maintain custom data centric web application using ASP.NET, C#, XML.
e Involved in the process of designing, developing, enhancing and integrating the application.
© Unit test to assure/meets requirements.
e Debugging and fixing bugs reported and working on enhancement and change requests.
e Assessing technical documents or requesting to determine need to develop code.
¢ Contribute to technical and functional design documents.
e Review and peer test another consultants work.
e Working closely with onsite team and client to resolve issues and improve application usability.
e Working as an offshore back up resource during the deployment week and working on shifts during hyper care
support week.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

07/2010 Bachelor of Science: Electrical Engineering
Biju Patnaik University of Technology - Bhubaneswar

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
e Created highly effective new process and automation efforts that significantly impacted efficiency and improved operations.
¢ Led team to achieve best SLA's, earning recognition from upper management and financial reward.

ActTIvIriEs AND Honors

¢ Best Delivery and Excellence Award for Best Performance in NA BU IN 2015-and 2016
e Bravo Award for Best Performance in NA BU IN Quarter 1 2016

¢ Star Award for Best Performance in NA BU IN Quarter 1 2013

e Rising Star Award for Best Performance in NA BU IN Quarter 1 2012

CERTIFICATIONS

e MCTS 70-536 Certification
e MCTS-70-513 Certification
e ITIL V3 Foundation Certified