SUMMARY

Dedicated and focused employee who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

HiGHLicHtTs

¢ Computer literate

¢ Complex problem solving

¢ Delivers exceptional customer service e Schedule creation and maintenance

« Calm under pressure e Operations management

¢ Proven leader e Reliable

e Excellent multi-tasker e Great rapport with staff and customers

© Works well with others

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

« Recognized by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions.

« Promoted to management after 6 months of employment.

¢ Served as a legal guardian for two children that lived in a troubled home while working a full-time job and attending college.
e I have worked with special needs children, including those with learning disabilities, mental challenges and physical impairments.

EXPERIENCE

08/2015 to Current

Management
First Watch Restaurants — Newport News, VA

e Took necessary steps to meet customer needs.

¢ Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.
¢ Manage a team of up to 15 employees unsupervised.

e Resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.

¢ Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system.

e Assisted management with weekly inventory control and ordering.

* Scheduled weekly and monthly assignments for employees.

e Participated in community donations through the company.

e Involved in the interviewing and hiring process.

e Built a great rapport with my staff and guests.

09/2010 to 01/2015 Teacher

State Of Georgia — Emanuel, GA

¢ Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

e Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles.
¢ Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method.

e Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers, directors and therapists.

¢ Collaborated with colleagues on developing new classroom projects and organization.

02/2006 to 08/2015 Management

EpucaTION

2013

2018

SKILLS

¢ Coaching. Computer literate. Customer service, Operations management, Problem Resolution, Sales, Supervising, Inventory Control,

First Watch Restaurants — Newtown Square, PA

¢ Managed team of 6-10 employees at a time unsupervised.
e Built the schedule and set up interviews for my supervisor.

e Reduced and controlled expenses by doing daily paperwork and computer work tracking the sales per hour and

labor costs.
e Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.
¢ Resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.

e Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching from the management team as well as trained employees

myself.
¢ Took initiative to find extra tasks when scheduled duties were completed.

Associate of Arts: Education
Pensacola State College - Pensacola, FL
Education Recipient of the Pensacola State Foundation Scholarship. Coursework in Education. My future education
plan is to attend University of West Florida with an interest in social work and minor in Child Welfare as well as
Exceptional Education.

Bachelor of Science: Social Work
University of West Florida - Pensacola, FL
I am currently in the social work program working towards my bachelor degree and have completed two minors in
Child Welfare and Exceptional Education. I plan to further my education and work on my masters's degree after
graduation.

Marketing, Performance Evaluations, Employee Scheduling, Vendor Involvement, Communication.