JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic Information Technology Manager skilled in guiding navigation of modern technology. Accustomed to driving efficiency and
effectiveness by developing, delivering and supporting strategic plans. Passionate about creating and delivering effective strategy to meet
technology needs and goals. Demonstrated skill in translating technical requirements to business solutions. Successful Number-year record of
building positive relationships with internal and external stakeholders.

Enthusiastic Job Title eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of Task and Task and training in Skill. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in Industry.

SKILLS
e Agile framework ¢ Process Improvement
* Product development ® Organization
* Security planning e Team Building
¢ Budget administration e Team Management
« Requirements analysis e Supervision
« MS Office e Project Organization
« Business Operations ® Operational Improvement
¢ Communications ¢ Problem Resolution
e Customer Service ¢ Budgets

Work History

11/2017 to Current Workforce Management Analyst

Abm — Columbia, TN

e Identified computer hardware and network system issues, performing troubleshooting techniques for remediation.

e Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies aligned to
client's vision, mission and purpose.

e Coordinated projects in Area, including defining scope, managing milestones and maintaining strong relationships
with all stakeholders.

¢ Communicated on Timeframe basis with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.

e Coordinated with management teams to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet client's vision,
mission and purpose.

e Facilitated best user experience through continuous support, training classes, webinars, improvements and
communication of system changes.

01/2015 to 04/2016 Store Manager

Columbia Sportswear Company — Hagerstown, MD
e Engaged and interacted with customers to create positive shopping experiences and drive revenue growth.
¢ Completed Timeframe profit and loss performance reports.
¢ Oversaw, trained and encouraged Number Job titles, promoting culture of efficiency and performance.
© Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.
e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast
needs.
Evaluated suppliers to assess quality, timeliness and compliance of deliveries, maintain tight cost controls and
maximize business operational efficiency.
e Analyzed and interpreted store trends with Software to facilitate planning.
¢ Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels
Number%.
e Established and administered annual budget with effective controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and
support sustainability objectives.
e Delivered positive results by controlling monthly operations budget and limiting financial discrepancies.
Managed vendor selection and relations to guarantee best pricing and on-time deliveries.

e Oversaw receiving and display of incoming products, meeting planned promotions and seasonal rotation for sales
events.

e Created work schedules according to sales volume and number of employees.

¢ Scheduled and led weekly store meetings for all employees to discuss sales promotions and new inventory while
providing platform for all to voice concerns.

e Rotated merchandise and displays to feature new products and promotions.

e Leveraged social media and brand marketing to achieve or surpass sales quota of $Amount each Timeframe.

Upheld and communicated store programs and standards to employees for optimal quality, freshness, safety and

cleanliness.

Monitored and maintained proper humidity and temperature in climate-controlled stockrooms.

e Increased profits through effective Type training and troubleshooting profit loss areas.

¢ Supervised guests at front counter, answering questions regarding products.

e Oversaw and improved Product or Service deliveries worth more than $Amount per year through efficient
coordination of Action and Action.

¢ Led Type quality-assurance projects and enhanced productivity, realizing Number% increase in profits.

e Maintained proper product levels and inventory controls for Type merchandise and organized backroom to
facilitate effective ordering and stock rotation.

¢ Protected store from loss or theft by setting and enforcing clear security policies.

© Minimized on-site cash with frequent deposits and high accuracy in predicting operations.

e Executed proof of concept strategic initiatives for future goals, including digital signage and guided selling plans.

¢ Promoted team collaboration, performance and efficiency by fostering healthy environments focused on mutual

success.

e Rotated stock to achieve optimum appeal and minimize shrinkage.

e Reported to district manager regarding all store and staff issues, financial goals and sales.

e Trained and developed new associates on POS system and key sales tactics, which improved process flows.

e Managed, hired and developed top talent to strengthen workflow and productivity.

e Reconciled daily sales transactions to balance and log day-to-day revenue with Software.

e Trained and supervised all new associates in grocery, produce and administrative departments.

¢ Trained new hires for diverse jobs and kept employees up-to-date through frequent meetings.

e Coached sales associates on product knowledge by using Type training tools.

e Partnered with store director to interview, hire, train and develop department managers and team members to build
and sustain high in-store performance.

e Coached Number sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques, increasing
customer satisfaction ratings Number%.

e Recruited, interviewed and hired staff members who brought talent, enthusiasm and experience to skilled team of
Job Titles.

¢ Boosted revenue by $Number by developing and deploying strategies to effectively improve operations.

e Maintained strong knowledge in handling of perishable products in dairy, meat and produce departments.

« Responded to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service and remedied issues promptly and
effectively.

e Hired, trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing.

¢ Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting contents of cash register.

e Generated repeat business by delivering exceptional customer service and positive engagement.

© Oversaw daily operations of Type start-up, including staffing and training, Type compliance, inventory control and
financial functions.

© Cooperated with staff and clients to achieve customer service goals and surpass team objectives.

e Determined and implemented Type Product or Service quality standards through Action.

e Kept inventories accurate with daily cycle counts and Timeframe audits to identify and resolve variances.

¢ Planned budgets and authorized payments and merchandise returns.

e Instructed staff on appropriately handling difficult and complicated sales and unhappy customers by implementing
Type training and encouraging use of Type and Type skills.

11/2008 to 01/2015 Assistant Store Manager

EpucaTION

05/1999

05/2024

Curaleaf — Dickinson, ND

¢ Helped with planning schedules and delegating assignments to meet coverage and service demands.

e Reviewed performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels.

e Assessed job applications and made hiring recommendations to bring in top candidates for key vacancies.

e Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast
needs.

e Assisted team members with delivering friendly, knowledgeable service by applying proactive monitoring and
corrective action strategies.

¢ Promoted professional growth and facilitated talent development of each associate to drive performance excellence.

© Met or surpassed business targets regularly through employee engagement and forward-thinking planning.

e Rotated merchandise and displays to feature new products and promotions.

e Performed investigations on market flows to identify seasonal trends and forecast consumer needs.

© Met or exceeded monthly sales goals as team leader by up to Number%.

¢ Conducted weekly staff meetings to motivate staff members, address concerns and questions, plan improvements,
and evaluate progress toward goals.

e Directed merchandising, promotion and brand loyalty efforts for business segment with greatest sales volume.

e Provided weekly work schedules to employees to accommodate business demands and vacation requests.

¢ Drafted employee work schedules to fill coverage gaps.

e Verified inventory counts remained within monthly tolerance levels and compiled financial data in compliance with
budget.

e Trained new-hires on type procedures to better service customers.

e Recruited, interviewed and hired individuals which would add value to team while bringing wealth of experience.

e Coached Number sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques, increasing
customer satisfaction ratings Number%.

e Supervised team of Number employees and provided feedback on performance.

e Supervised associates by providing direction and instruction for stocking shelves, rotating stock and receiving
deliveries.

e Increased efficiency and team productivity by promoting adherence to operational best practices and company
policies.

e Attained expert level of product knowledge. becoming go-to person for major sales and vendor negotiations.

e¢ Completed monthly and quarterly Type reports for senior management.

e Served as floating manager-on-duty, MOD, to cover shift shortage.

* Conducted store inventories once per quarter.

¢ Provided current employees options for additional training opportunities.

High School Diploma: College Preparatory Track
Academy of Richmond County High School - Augusta, GA

Bachelor of Science: Biology Teacher Education
Augusta State University - Augusta, GA