Office manager resume

PERSONAL PROFILE

A dynam, resourcetul and energetic indvidual who is comfortable wah
being the ‘go to person for anyfhing retated to the smooth running of an
office. Much experienced in providing full secretanal, administrative and
office management support to work colleagues in a busy office environment.
Having a proactive and flexible approach to juggling many different ponies,
and able to work autonomously and lake ownership of all aspects of a task or
project. Right now Jason is locking lor a rewarding role with an exciting &
forward thinking company that will alow him to tullill hes true polenta.

CAREER HISTORY

OFFICE MANAGER

Local Authority May 2008 - Present
In charge of organizing, prioritising and delegating tasks eflectvely to ensure
that all administratve work is managed competenty, and in accordance with
ihe companes changing prionties and deadines.

Work duties

Coordinating all clerical stall & utizing olfice equipment eflectively.
Creating and enplementing new administrative systems.

Organising induction programenes for new stall.

Recording office expenditure and managing its budget.

Coordinating meeting and networking evens.

Maintaining office equipment & arranging any repairs o replacements.
Arranging all travel and accommodation arrangements for staff.
Ensuring that all health and safety policies are observed.

Reporting on offce performance bb directors and senior managers.
Carrying out stall appraisals, managing performance & disciplining staf.
Ordering stationery, office equipnent and tumiture as roquired,

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Managerial abiities

* Confident with IT and the basic office sofware packages (Word, Excel,
PowerPant ek).

* Comprehensive knowedge of equality and diversity issues.
© Excelent administration skis.

*  Answerng and resolving queries accurately. in a courteous and
confident manner,

* Setting up new and effectve systems and processes.
Handling staff recruitment and appraisals,
Denling professionally with all correspondence, cornplaints and queries.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Diary monogement
Project management
Heolth & Safety
Delegating tasks

Stoff reviews / training
Dota management
Human resources
Forward planning
Spoce manogement

Fociities management

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Advanced First Aid
French speoker

German speaker

Fire Morshol

PERSONAL SKILLS

Time management
Refoble & trustworthy
Communication skills
Organisationol skilis
Making decisions
Multi tasking

CONTACT DETAILS