PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Forward-thinking Manager proficient in all operational areas of Construction organizations. Dedicated to
enhancing revenue, customer loyalty and team efficiency to grow profits and support long-term business
sustainability. Sought out continuous professional development opportunities to further develop expertise in
Construction & Engineering operations while strengthening support for team members. Resourceful leader
with good organizational, multitasking and project management abilities. Discerning and performance-oriented
in tackling operational problems. Innovative and goal-oriented Management professional committed to
Construction. Dedicated team player skilled at mediation and conflict resolution. Drives company growth
through innovation and creativity. Encouraging manager and analytical problem-solver with talents for team
building. leading and motivating, as well as excellent customer relations aptitude and relationship-building
skills. Proficient in using independent decision-making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company
success. Dedicated to applying training, monitoring and morale-building abilities to enhance employee
engagement and boost performance. Motivated Construction manager with demonstrated knowledge of
Construction & Engineering best practices and operations. Proven skills in enhancing productivity, efficiency
and bottom-line profits with forward-thinking leadership. Bringing 27 years of experience in field and ready to
take on challenging, growth-oriented role with AT&T. Customer-focused professional with successful 30-year
career in Telecommunications sector. Dynamic successful applying human and interpersonal skills in busy
business environment. Proficient Construction Manager delivering encouragement and feedback to help
employees be successful. Energetic professional with great poise. Well-trained in motivating employees to
reach their potential. Resourceful Manager offering history of success coordinating and monitoring operations
across various departments. Effective leader and problem-solver dedicated to streamlining operations to
decrease costs and promote organizational efficiency. Highly committed with hardworking mentality to maintain
quality of services and products.

e Supervised team of 23 staff members.

e Collaborated and led a team of 15 in the construction development of MTA Underground Railway. Led a
team of 15 individuals to help facilitate, develop and plan alternate solutions for MTA throughout the
Westside Subway Extension.

e Collaborated and led a team of 12 in the development and production of first GPON system for AMPAS
(Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences) during the 2016 Oscars.

e Operations support e Operations oversight
e Strategic planning e Resource Allocation
e Customer Relations e Process improvements
e Business planning ¢ Business Development
e Contract Management e Employee training
e Financial Management ¢ Project support
MANAGEMENT 12/1991 to CURRENT

Burger King Corporation | Spring Hope, NC

e Assisted established management staff with operational oversight, business development and process
improvement strategies.

e Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

e Established and administered annual budget with controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and
support sustainability objectives.

e Created internal control of day-to-day transactions and punctually opened and closed business.

e Devised new promotional approaches to boost customer numbers and market penetration while
enhancing engagement and driving growth.

e Monitored employee performance and enacted improvement plans, coordinated disciplinary actions or
provided rewards.

e Planned and implemented team projects to accomplish objectives.

BLGINESS OWNER 01/2003 to 10/2006
Baltimore County, Md | Glen Arm, Md

e Devised and deployed sales and marketing tactics to drive strategic growth and support achievement of
revenue goals.

e Put together realistic budgets based upon costs and fees for successfully operating business.

e Verified parts and materials through audit inspections and independent checks.

e Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions.

e Employed prompt decision-making and in-depth research to resolve issues.

¢ Collaborated with development teams, internal customers and product line management to verify
delivery of desired quality requirements to distributors.

e Created and monitored promotional approaches to increase sales and profit levels.

e Managed and reviewed over 10 agreements and contracts per week.

ENGINEERING ASSISTANT 01/1989 to 03/1997
Los Angeles Unified School District, LAUSD | City, STATE
e Managed ongoing maintenance and storage of test equipment.
e Gathered relevant data from various sources and developed comprehensive reports for leadership
review.
e Used Excel software to create project designs in accordance with LAUSD engineering standards.
e Completed mathematical calculations to properly assess research and testing results.

Bachelor of Science | Small Business Administration And Management
Colorado Technical University, Colorado Springs, CO

As ociate of Arts | Mechanical Engineering 08/1988
East Los Angeles Skills Center, Los Angeles, CA