JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Seasoned Multi-unit Market Manager in management of high volume retail locations. Polished professional skilled assessments of training
employees on exceptional customer service etiquette and sales techniques. Gifted in overseeing all facets of needed customer-facing and
back-end operations.

Results-driven Management Consultant adept in showing companies how to assess daily operational efficiency, needed to enhance team
productivity and employee motivation. Hands-on leader with exceptional organizational, critical thinking and prioritization skills. Possessing
30 years of related experience and passion for contributing to business success. Experienced Management Analyst skilled in budget review,
reporting and research. Top-notch administrator with financially-savvy and organized approach. Familiar with helping business leaders
understand all facets of operations. Highly accomplished Store Manager dedicated to hiring top-notch sales associates and maintaining
smooth, efficient and highly successful store operations. Organized and effective at encouraging staff cooperation and productivity to meet
and exceed objectives. Born leader and analytical problem-solver with proven team building and management success. Proficient in best
practices, leadership strategies and employee motivation to boost productivity and job performance. Well-coordinated in addressing problems,
investigating root causes and implementing successful resolutions. Seasoned General Manager with proven business acumen. Offering
strengths in fast paced retail leadership with sense of urgency relating to deadlines and fulfillment of customer expectations. Entrepreneurial
and quick learner with demonstrated ability to build productive relationships across all levels of organization.

SKILLS
« Team Leadership e Driving Sales
« Store Management © Prioritization
e Team leadership and coaching e Ability To Effectively Plan
« Maximizing profitability e Time Management Skills
¢ Scheduling © Staff development
« Driving Results e Brand management
¢ Sales Training ¢ Capital improvement planning
« Planning © Strong Work Ethic
« Budgeting © Profit And Loss Statements
e Strong Problem Solving * Organizational Skills.
e Recruitment e Exercises Good Judgment
¢ Written And Oral Communication ¢ Sales Growth
¢ Deductive Reasoning ¢ Management Experience
¢ Computer Skills e Culinary Experience
¢ Drive Sales ¢ Customer Service
¢ Outstanding Customer Service e Communication
Work History

01/2017 to Current Retail Management Consultant

Pepsico — Hugo, OK
e Worked with retail business owners to increase sales with monthly goal of 10%
e Provide businesses with training and processes from inventory management to World Class Customer Service.
e How to increase profitability, correctly utilize P&L statements to correct issues within current staffing.
e Assist in HR development in business to enhance employee environment.
e Evaluated diverse organizational systems to identify workflow, communication and resource utilization issues.
© Created and optimized records management strategies to coordinate and protect information.
e Evaluated current processes to develop improvement plans.
e Conducted thorough reviews of operations to devise and deploy improvement strategies, facilitating motivated and

positive results.

e Compiled research data and gave professional presentations highlighting finds and recommended optimizations.

01/2015 to 07/2019 Market ECommerce Manager
WALMART STORES -— City, STATE

e Serve as driving factor behind rapid retail revenue growth by collaborating with senior business leaders on strategic
planning, business development, and e-commerce initiatives.

e Expand customer access to services by implementing automated pickup machines and online grocery pickups.

e Optimize customer experiences and reduce wait times by facilitating smooth transition of more than 80 stores into
use of new systems and amplifying efficiency.

e Bridge communication across executives, management, and employees regarding operational changes, upcoming
projects, revenue goals, logistics, and new initiatives; centralized focus on enhancing e- commerce platforms.

¢ Strengthen teams by providing in-depth training, managing human resources, and offering ongoing mentorship.

e Mitigate incidents by implementing policies and procedures and enforcing compliance with regulations company-
wide.

e Achieved $50M growth in online business in FY18, with additional 45% sales increase YOY of $73M in FY19.

e Broke ground on 84 new stores, nurtured careers of 34 managers, and elicited e-commerce sales of $30M.

© Optimized e-commerce fulfillment strategy to minimize costs while maximizing profits and customer satisfaction.

e Established and maintained balanced and accurate e-commerce budget to execute on initiatives with proper funding
and enrich customer experience.

01/2013 to 01/2015 WALMART STORE MANAGER
WALMART STORES, INC — City, STATE

e Managed over 350 retail associates, creating enthusiastic retail experience for up to 10800 customers per day

e Assess performance data to evaluate and improve daily operations, target current business conditions and forecast
needs.

e Significantly decreased waste through lean inventory management and reduced shrinkage.

e Exemplified expertise in assessing measurable data, KPIs, and P&L statements to identify opportunities for
improvement.

e Enhanced revenue growth by increasing customer experiences, researching consumer trends, and leading product
placement to strengthen competitive edge; offered market and regional insight for management teams.

e Enforced compliance with state, federal, and company guidelines, while growing employee engagement.

© Set effective store schedules needed based on forecasted customer levels, individual employee knowledge and
service requirements.

¢ Promoted team collaboration, performance and efficiency by fostering healthy environments focused on mutual
success.

e Protected store from loss or theft by setting and enforcing clear security policies.

05/2010 to 01/2013 REGIONAL PROCESS MANAGER
WALMART STORES -— City, STATE

e Improved efficiency and effectiveness of performance and management of processes across departments.

e Secured positive future for company by leading career development to position staff for promotions to
management.

¢ Minimized shrinkage through retail inventory management and maximized merchandising efforts while
maintaining ideal stock levels.

¢ Held responsibility for piloting 350 employees and 12 managers while streamlining daily internal operations.

e Conceptualized, developed, and initiated asset protection, human resources, risk evaluation, and pest management
protocols and procedures; upheld terms of government agency contracts and guidelines to sustain ongoing success.

e Highly depended on to establish visionary direction for organization, launch improvement initiatives, generate
forecasts, conduct comparative analysis of progress vs.

e Goals, and identify any meaningful business trends.

e Analyzed steps of activities to discern existence of business processes for formalization.

EpucatTIon

06/1981 High School Diploma
Central Texas College - Killeen. TX