RIYA SHARMA

Materials Manager

Phone: 7009845897

Email: riyasharma@gmail.com

Address: Hyderabad, India

LinkedIn: https: //www.linkedin.com/in/riyasharma

Materials management expert with experience in shipping, receiving, inventory control, planning and scheduling,
and material and supply procurement. Proven ability to use lean manufacturing to generate continuous
improvement. Effective team leader with a track record of effectively managing resources, increasing productivity,
and ensuring on-time delivery.

SKILLS
Supply Chain Support | Inventory Control | Materials Management | Logistics | Customer
Service | Warehouse Operations | Strategic Sourcing | Cost Reduction | Production Control
EDUCATION
2018 MBA -> IBS, Hyderabad
2014 BBA -> IBS, Hyderabad

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

2018 - Present Materials Manager -> Dayco, Hyderabad

e Develop operational and supply chain metrics to evaluate efficiency.

e Monitor adherence to budget by monitoring productivity, overtime and group spending.

e Develop and forecast budgets for the department yearly and forecast monthly (key
indicators).

e Lead projects including creating new schedules for production areas, new material flow
throughout the facility, and new facility layout.

e Ensure overall efficiency and metrics (safety, service, cost) for all materials operations.

e Interact with various stakeholders to ensure the organization of the materials is meeting
customer expectations both internal and external.

e Integrate and develop new suppliers for insourcing and outsourcing of materials.

2016 - 2018 Materials Manager -> SoftArk Resources, Hyderabad

e Supervised purchasing functions such as product and service research, vendor selection,
price, contract negotiation and purchase order completion.

e Created scheduling parameters which reduced the total amount of changeovers.

e Redesigned plant operations systems and Improved supplier lead times.

e Directed materials management team, improved customer relations and reduced inventory
while increasing turns. Implemented a new MRP and ordering system.

e Delivered cost savings initiatives and a strong focus on inventory reduction.

e Issued requests for quotations for assigned commodities; negotiated final price and terms.

e Acted asa liaison between the project team and supplier for all purchasing activities.

COURSES

Certified in Production and Inventory Management (CPIM) at APICS

Certified Manager Certification (CM) at ICPM

LANGUAGES

Hindi | English | Spanish