JOHN DOE

1 Fake Street, City, XX | 555.555.5555 | JohnDoe@yahoo.com

PROGRAM MANAGEMENT OFFICER

Highly effective Program Officer and Finance Manager with international project experience specializing in project
management, financial oversight and strategik planning. Offering an array of skills in vendor contracts, work
product delivery, interpersonal skills, developing planning and tracking systems, accurate reporting and
projections, project start-up/close-out, technical writing, stakeholder engagement and team management.
Proven ability to meet donor and contractual obligations while balancing logistical and operational demands.
Track record of success managing competing priorities and deadlines in high-pressure environments.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
© Project Management © Websiteimplementation © Driving Consensus
© Creative High-Impact Solutions e Developing/Implementing Workplans ¢ Progress Report Monitoring
© Knowledge Management © Budgeting & Financial Reporting © Stoff& Consultant Management
© Advocacy & Health Initiatives e Facilitating Workshops & Meetings e Expanding Company Reach

Master of Arts | International Affairs and Public Policy (CIR)
University of 123, City. XX (2013)
GPA: 3.90/4.0 | Honors Thesis: Measuring Institutional Failure in Russia
Bachelor of Arts | Government
XYZ University, City. XX (2008)
GPA: 3.60/4.0 | Honors: Graduated Cum Laude, President's List, Dean's List, Honors Program

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

FINANCE MANAGER - GLOBAL EDUCATION CENTER July 2015 ~ Present
AAA Company, City, XX
Support the Haiti Ann Ale Early-Grade Reading Project ($36M/4Yrs). Latin-American Caribbean Regional Workforce
Development Program ($34M/5Yrs) and Equatorial Guinea PRODEGE Education Project ($S0M/4Yrs). Contribute to a
variety of reports, including project updates and deliverables alongside technical. operations and management teams.
¢ Builtand supported the project website for Ann Ale Haiti which included profiling the project. an HR portal for
hiring and talent recruitment, interactive calendars as an internal project resource and external meeting planning.
e Secured domain names, licensing and ensured compliance with donor required branding and marketing plans.
Created cross-organizational data sharing portal for easy project document sharing with ministry. USAID and staff.
Mapped 330 schools located in Hoiti using GIS mapping and used data to facilitate material distribution and tracking
across the country while successfully managing the lange international procurement ($1.2M) on a tight deadline.
Enabled access to school data for field teams in remote locations through mobile support.
Aided project staff on the ground with updating website content, dete, programming and website structure.
Deemed responsible for building, revising and monitoring project budgets, workplans, pipelines and deliverables.
Ensured financial and contrectuel compliance and developed workplans for projects ranging from $10M to $36M.
Oversee consultants and agreements, track deliverables, modify contracts and ensure the completion ofwork
eccording to work plans/PMP as well as assist and supervise all junior staff on selection negotiation and logistics.
© Prepare and review reporting deliverables for USAID, work closely with the home office management team and
maintain relationships and communication with field staff. portners and clients.
e Facilitate successful collaboration between project teams in and out of country.
© Provide financial and contractual oversight on nine subcontracts. both locally and internationally, by establishing sub-
tracking tools and integrating them into all projects managed.

ee © ff @