JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Key Qualifications Ms. Claire has more than 19years’ experience working as a Construction Project Management Assistant and Document
Controls Specialist, for transit and highway transportation projects, including the Santa Clara VTA Mountain View/Levi Stadium Double
Track Light Rail project, other related Light Rail upgrade projects, and San Jose area SCVTA Measure A’/B Highway projects including
Highway 237/880 Freeway Interchange Phase I & IL, US 101/Capitol Expressway- Yerba Buena Road Interchange Improvements, Route 17
Improvement Projects, Route 85 Noise Mitigation, Route 85/101 South Interchange. Route 152/156 Improvement Project, and additional
highway projects, comprising nearly every major freeway throughout Santa Clara County, California. She interfaced with Caltrans, Caltrain,
Santa Clara County and other municipalities and local agencies. Rosa is experienced with business operations and strategic issues and has
contributed extensively to growth of organizations with strategic direction. She has extensive experience in designing complex Excel
spreadsheets, charts. graphs, flyers, brochures, minutes, newsletters and other professional business correspondence, types over 65/wpm and
is an expert in Microsoft Office Applications with over 18+ years experience. Jessica has extensive administrative experience in a
professional engineering/construction environment, and has excellent organizational, interpersonal and communication skills. Software
programs include Projectwise, SharePoint, LCP Tracker, Aconex, Expedition, Hummingbird, and Crystal Reports.

SKILLS

« Logistics management ¢ Troubleshooting

e Paperwork preparation ¢ Problem resolution

e Administrative expertise © People skills

¢ Schedule maintenance e Teambuilding

¢ Tracking spreadsheets e MS Office

¢ Meeting scheduling ¢ Active listening

e Schedule management e Communication

¢ Database entry * Organization

* Spreadsheet development e Time management
EXPERIENCE

08/2019 to Current Project Management Assistant
Ibm Corporation — Smyrna, GA

¢ Compiled and tracked project documents through all phases with well-organized and easily accessible system.

e Arranged charts, reports and other materials for project meetings.

¢ Communicated updates and requirements between internal team members and clients to keep all parties informed
of project progress.

« Documented all time spent on project segments and updated master tracking spreadsheets.

© Produced updated charts and reports weekly.

e Prepared project reports and documented activities.

© Met schedule and deadlines by ensuring that work was completed efficiently.

e Coordinated with TA Management to understand project needs and provide needed support to meet targets.

¢ Set up and maintained physical and electronic filing systems to maintain organizational efficiency.

e Tracked and reported all open and closed change request and orders.

e Worked with senior project leaders to create project scopes and implement roadmaps.

e Exceeded company objectives by cooperating with employees to implement new ideas and practices.

e Kept project progress aligned with client timelines and quality requirements through close attention to short- and
long-term needs.

e Assisted in preparation of project-related reports, manuscripts and presentations for use by executives and project
managers.

© Guided administrative and professional staff through computer and software problems.

Administrative Support
At Home Health Care — Round Rock, TX
e For the largest single public infrastructure project ever constructed in Santa Clara County, VTA’s BART Silicon Valley Phase II Project
will extend BART service six-miles from the Berryessa Transit Center into downtown San Jose and terminating in Santa Clara.
e Phase II is estimated to carry 52,000 passengers to destinations throughout the Bay Area by 2035.
e She provided front desk support, document control, template and styles editing for project management plans, design management plans,
BFS requirements, this includes special projects with project staff and management support.

Testing Coordinator
Peoplescout — Bethesda, MD
e And Construction Project Administrator for the 10.2 mile BART extension from Warm Springs Station to the San Jose Berryessa Station.
¢ Rosa coordinated all system testing between the Contractor, VTA and BART.
e This included review of test procedure status, preparation of test requests, and test scheduling.
e She was responsible for coordinating the preparation of all system closeout binders for project handover to BART.
e This included organization of all test procedures and test reports, assisting system leads in organizing and preparing closeout binders, and
coordination of binder review between BART and VTA system leads.
e Ms.
e Claire prepared and distributed project updates, project tracking spreadsheets, and weekly testing/track allocation reports.
e Reviewed monthly contractor invoices and certified payroll, this included working with the contractor to resolve any discrepancies.
e She provided VTA project staff and management support, including scheduling project meetings, taking and preparing meeting minutes,
following up on project action items, and many additional project assignments requested by VTA managers.

Project Administrator / Document Controls Specialist, Construction Project Administrator / Document Controls Specialist
Mountain View Double Track Light Rail, VTA, CMC Consultants — City, STATE

¢ Providing contract management support, and project administration management and support.

e Managed large volumes of business documents such as requests for information (RFIs), submittals, and contract change orders (CCO).

e Prepared project tracking spreadsheets, construction punch lists, and certified payroll reports.

« Maintained DSR process records, analytical reports and Excel spreadsheets.

¢ Provided project staff support by facilitating project logistics, taking and preparing meeting minutes and action items during project
meetings, along with follow up on these issues during follow up project meetings.

e She also provided administrative support for various managers on this project, and on a number of additional projects, including
Highway 101/Capitol closeout and the Highway 237/880 project.

e US 101 /Capitol Expressway-Yerba Buena Road Interchange Improvements.

e Santa Clara VTA / LKG-CMC Consultants,, Rosa Linda was a, , providing project administration management and support to develop
documents for approval and distribution, including contract change orders, pay estimates, purchases and expenses for equipment and
material.

e She performed large data and contract management including contract change orders, RFIs and submittals.

e She maintained DSR process records, analytical reports and Excel spreadsheets.

¢ Rosa provided project staff support by facilitating project logistics, taking and preparing meeting minutes and action items during project
meetings, along with follow up on these issues.

Electrical Materials Manufacturer/Supplier, Project Administrator, Associates, Administrative Assistant
Unistrut International Corporation/Aerotek, Valley Highway Associates, Transportation — City, STATE
¢ Rosa Linda served as Contract Administrator, planning and coordinating project elements, such as project setups, budgeting, costs, and
documentation.

She processed weekly payroll, new-hires, A/P. invoices, coding, and month-end procedures.
She supported project staff by facilitating project logistics, taking meeting minutes and recording action items during project meetings

and followed up on these actions, for a wide variety of industrial and commercial building projects.

Freeway 237/880 Interchange Phase II, Northbound Route 17 Auxiliary Lane, Route 85 Noise Mitigation, Route 152-146 Improvement
Projects, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) /, , Ms.

Claire received, and reviewed contractor submitted Extra Work Invoices each month, including payroll, A’/P for materials and related
submittals.

Rosa received, analyzed, and posted SBE/DBE Reports on a monthly basis, and compiled records and assisted the Office Engineer with
monthly payment requests by the contractors.

She utilized Expedition software and prepared daily data entries as per the VTA Records Management Department requirements.

She performed document control including scanning of all documents, performed OCR, and uploaded it into Hummingbird document
management software.

She performed project closeout procedures for closing projects that followed Caltrans standards.

She organized project files that followed the Caltrans filing system standards.

She prepared, organized and maintained files of correspondence and records, following up on pending matters.

She formatted and prepared meeting minutes on a weekly basis, and she provided Project Administration services such as filing, faxing,
copying, answering phones.

Rosa coordinated meeting agendas and interactions with Caltrans and the local agencies, with their respective contracts.

Measure A’B Highway Program, Multiple Projects throughout Santa Clara County, Valley, IIL, providing support services for nearly
every major freeway within Santa Clara County as part of the Measure A’/B program.

She provided administrative support to senior staff and other staff, composed, prepared and edited intricate business correspondence.

Rosa managed, monitored and directed a high volume of incoming calls, emails, voice mail and greeted visitors.

She also provided other administration services such as filing, faxing, copying, binding of reports, and organizing office luncheons.
She was responsible for all office supply orders, mail sorting, file set-up, library references and resources.

Rosa assisted the QES (Quality Environment Safety) Manager to ensure quality control, assurance and compliance; some tasks include
Office Risk Assessment, first aid kit inventory/inspection and fire extinguisher inspection.

She coordinated and scheduled complex travel arrangements including creation of trip files and itineraries.

Executive Assistant, Project/Administrative Assistant
Consulting Engineering Office Management/HNTB Corporation, S Personnel Services — City, STATE
¢ Rosa provided administrative support to the Vice Presidents and the rest of the San Jose HNTB office.
She composed, prepared and edited correspondence, and took initiative to handle requests, including routing and answering requests not
requiring the Division President's attention.

She managed. monitored, and directed a high volume of incoming calls, emails, voice mail, and visitors.

Rosa managed and scheduled internal and external appointments calendars of the entire office staff.

She coordinated and scheduled travel arrangements, including creation of trip files, itineraries, and conducted timely, accurate
preparation of expense reports.

Rosa was also responsible for company parties, dinners and outings.

Highway 237/880 Interchange Phase I, Southbound Route 17 to Hamilton, Northbound Route 17 to 85 Camden Ave, Route 85/101 South
Interchange, Santa Clara VTA/Josephine’, developing precise project files per the Caltrans filing system standards.

She managed documents to meet Caltrans and VTA standards and requirements for highway construction.

She organized and maintained files of correspondence and records, following up on pending matters.

She formatted a large volume of meeting minutes and ensured key points were detailed.

She processed a high volume of Records Management Documentation, and performed a large amount of Data Entry on multiple projects.
¢ Rosa also provide administrative services including filing, faxing, copying. answering phones, and ordering office supplies.

Accountant/Customer Service Representative

Telecommunications Carrier Office Management/AT&T/Josephine’s Personnel Services — City. STATE
e She answered a large volume of phone calls, provided customer service, and effectively dispatched technicians to customer calls.
¢ She scheduled appointments and provided general administration services such as filing, faxing, and copying documents.
¢ Rosa performed accounting services, such as payroll & accounts payable/accounts receivable.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

06/1997 High School Diploma
Piedmont Hills High School - San Jose, CA
Enrolled in Magnet Student program that involved four years of computer application classes)