SUMMARY

SKILLS

CERTIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated and organized financial professional with outstanding relationship-building and problem-solving
skills. Driven to exceed expectations and operate effectively in fast-paced. high-pressure environments. Self-
motivated team player adept at cultivating partnerships and building lasting relationships across all
demographics and management levels. Dynamic and reliable with exceptional customer service and
communication skills.

e Fraud assessment e CRM Certifications

e Analytical e Client relationship management
« Team management e Cost and budget analysis

« MS Office e Risk analysis

« Customer satisfaction e Project Management

Series 6 - Entitling me to register as a company's representative and sell certain types of mutual funds,
variable annuities, and insurance.
Series 63 - Entitling me to solicit orders for any type of security in most states.

ASSOCIATE, CLIENT INTEGRATION ANALYST 08/2022 to CURRENT
Ascension Health | Broken Arrow, OK

e Supports the Vice President in the effective implementation, maintenance and administration of first line
of defense (1st LOD) programs (e.g., operational risk. internal controls, compliance, regulatory, etc.).

e Facilitates documentation of existing internal processes, including the identification of business risks
and controls.

e Participates in initiatives to improve internal processes in regards to data and recordkeeping policies.

e Help manage a book of $4.5B in assets.

M.NAGER, LICENSED RELATIONSHIP BANKER 07/2021 to 08/2022
Boys & Girls Clubs Of St. Lucie County | Fort Pierce, FL

e Conducted team meetings as well as coached bankers and associates.

e Managed overrides, scheduling, account opening compliance review, P&L Reviews, and daily
operations.

e Managing assigned customers and proactively meeting with them - in person and over the phone - to
build lasting relationships, discover financial needs, and tailor product and service recommendations.

e Making lives of customers easier by sharing and setting up self-service options to access their
accounts.

e Partnering with Specialists (Financial Advisors, Mortgage Bankers, and Business Relationship
Managers) to connect customers to experts who can help them with specialized financial needs.

RICK MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 08/2020 to 07/2021
Accor Hotels | Santa Monica, CA

e | utilize internal and third party web tools to execute dispute claim investigations in accordance with
Federal Regulations E and Z, NACHA Operating Rules, and other applicable regulations.

e File chargebacks and fraud reporting in accordance with payment network (Visa, MasterCard) rules,
review merchant responses and determine if they met compelling evidence thresholds: execute
arbitrations when necessary.

« Communicate claim investigation findings to members, and credit their accounts when we determine an
error occurred.

e Respond to document requests and rebuttals. and communicate findings to members.

e Collect and review documentation from Chime members and third parties.

e Support internal and external audits and due diligence requests.

FC INDER/COACH 05/2078 to CURRENT
MBA And Associates | City, STATE

e Regularly work with over 80 players a week.

e Coordinated for 3 other coaches and create schedules and programs seasonally.

e Aided in developing athletes at all levels from beginner to elite.

e Acted as a role model for players by exhibiting positive behaviors.

e Motivated athletes to always be improving in all aspects of their lives.

e Inventoried equipment and kept adequate gear and equipment available for practices and events.

e Consistently integrated new clients to capitalize on business opportunities to increase the overall client
base by offering custom to the individual packages.

ACQOUNTING ASSISTANT 08/2019 to 01/2020
Park Ridge Park District | City, STATE

e Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.

e Prepared financial statements and prepared journal entries.

e Process accounts payable forms, invoices, and checks, and perform various other bookkeeping
functions.

e Gained knowledge in reading legal contractual agreements.

e Planning, controlling, budgeting and decision-making.

e Kept an accurate accounting of cash, credit transactions, and check payments.

FACILITIES SUPERVISOR 06/2014 to 03/2020
Company Name | City, State

e Maintained the ice, schedule, cooling and mechanical equipment.

e Established and enforced clear safety policies to protect workers from injury.

e Offered input during the planning of special building events.

e Performed weekly maintenance assessments.

e Monitored employee work levels and optimized performance with strategic approaches.

e Assigned tasks to team members based on individual strengths and promoted a teamwork-driven
environment to meet goals.

e Suggested changes in equipment use and layout to improve efficiency.

e Evaluated customer issues and complaints and developed amicable solutions.

Bachelor of Science | Business Administration And Management 06/2020
DePaul University (Driehaus College of Business), Chicago, IL

e Dean's List Honoree.

e« Coursework in business ethics, career management skills, creativity and entrepreneurship, sales,
effective business communication, social media marketing, global economics, contractual agreements,
and accounting and finance.

e Senior year focused on investment theory, money and banking, quantitative reasoning, and risk
management.

As ociate of Science | Business Economics 06/2017
William Rainey Harper College, Palatine, IL