JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Seeking a position that will require me to utilize my skills, abilities and experience.

HIGHLIGHTS

Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

Claims Litigation Management Specialist, 09/2014 - 02/2017
Washington, DC
* Compile, review, analyze and summarize documents and evidence necessary to investigate claims pre-litigation.
e Assist in gathering necessary documents and other evidence in litigated matters including medical professional liability, employment
liability and general liability.
e Assist Claims Directors and outside counsel with subpoenas, discovery, litigation holds and coordination of discovery, witnesses and
depositions.
¢ Identify applicable insurance policies, determine employment and/or contractual status of relevant parties and/or entities, including
physician and non-physician related contracts.
¢ Provide information to Risk Management department personnel regarding system contracts.
e Ensure compliance with company policies and procedures and applicable state and federal rules and regulations including Business
Associate Agreements, Stark and HIPAA.

Senior Litigation Paralegal, Collections Specialist, 04/2009 - 03/2014
Southeastrans — City, STATE

¢ Legal document preparation, legal research, client maintenance and docketing.

¢ Initial client interview for litigation matters.

e Ordered, reviewed and summarized medical and employment records.

e Review and summarize vocational history.

e Prepare trial and jury notebooks.

e Accounts payable, receivable and firm billing.

¢ Collection including court and garnishments.

Legal Assistant, 09/2008 - 05/2009
Hagen & Melusky Law Firm D/b/a Black Suit Law — City, STATE
e Prepare and docket foreclosure and litigation matters.
¢ Draft resolutions and contracts.
e Legal research.
e Attend board meetings to take minutes.

e Assist in repossessions when required.

EDUCATION

Paralegal Certificate - University of Northern Colorado Continuing Education: March 1998
Institute of Business and Medical Careers

SKILLS

Accounts payable, billing, Excellent communication, oral, contracts, client, insurance, notebooks, Legal, Legal research, litigation, meetings,
Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Word, organizational, Paralegal. personnel, policies, Fast Learner, Risk Management, Self-Starter, Team player,
Typing speed, 70 WPM, written