Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website : www, qwikre sume, com
Director of Account Management Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Bringing 15 years of professional sales experience, training, and a history of exceeding company
sales goals and quotas, Experience includes Account Managemert, Business Development,
Inside/Outside Sales, and Sales Engineering in both domestic and intemational rnarkets,

SKILLS

Management, Benefits Administration,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Director of Account Management
ABC Corporation - March 2013 - July 2024

* Responsible for all conference business in over 300 hotels within Swisscorns custorner base,

* Responsible for renewing key hotels with revenue share models, growing base footprint for
Swisscorn with new properties, and increasing conference revenues in existing properties.

* Point of contact for escalated |ssues within the department.

+ Renewed 70% of contracts of key properties within the first year,

* Responsible for a5 million quota annually In conference revenue.

» Directed atearn of customerfacing project managers, resulting in a high level of customer

satisfaction In a fast-paced environment.
» Developed business relationships with high profile dients while networking and being actively

present at various local business events,

Director of Account Management
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 20123

* Responsible for all conference business in over 300 hotels within Swisscorns customer base,

* Responsible for renewing key hotels with revenue share models, growing base footprint for
Swisscorn with new properties, and increasing conference revenues In existing properties.

* Point of contact for escalated |ssues within the department.

+ Renewed 70% of contracts of key properties within the first year,

* Responsible for a5 million quota annually in conference revenue.

» Directed atearn of customerfacing project managers, resulting in a high level of customer

satisfaction In a fast-paced environment.
» Developed business relationships with high profile cients while networking and being actively

present at various local business events.

EDUCATION
MBA- 1992(Brigharm Young University - Provo, UT)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings