Jacob Harding

OFFICE MANAGER

Profile

Dynamic Office Manager with extensive experience overseeing office operations to
ensure a productive and positive work atmosphere. Adept in providing outstanding
day-to-day administrative support to management and staff. CHRO certified and
committed to continually growing both professionally and personally.

Employment History
Office Manager, Bayview Architects, New York

e Successfully oversaw day-to-day operations and worked to foster efficiency.

e Maintained office-wide calendars and assisted with events and travel
arrangements.

e Managed vendors and the purchasing of office supplies, software, and
equipment.

e Maintained office-wide protocols in accordance with the employee handbook
and COVID guidelines.

e Assisted bookkeeper with company payroll, accounts payable, accounts
receivable, expense reimbursement, and general ledger.

e interfaced with clients on project-related matters and provided appropriate
support to ensure the smooth flow of projects.

e Created and managed project invoices and tracked project expenses.

Office Manager, Lissa Medical Day Spa, New York

e Provided optimal office support for one of the busiest and most celebrated
midtown medical day spas.

e Supervised all front office operations to ensure profitability, and exceptional
service and value for every client.

e Effectively managed front staff operations and worked to achieve ultimate
client satisfaction rates.

e Answered and managed calls, coordinated client schedules, and provided for
seamless client care and follow-up.

e Assisted with the marketing and promotion of events through the
implementation of effective email marketing campaigns.

Education
CHRO Program, Wharton Aresty Institute-Executive Education

Bachelor of Arts in Communications, Hunter College, New York

Details

244 West 14th Street
New York, NY 10021
212-238-7344

hrdng_ jcb88@gmail.com

Links

Jacob Harding Linkedin
Skills

Customer Service
Interpersonal Communication
Administrative

Excellent Multitasking
Effective Time Management
Financial Accounting

Knowledge of Office Technology

English
Spanish; Castilian

French