JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a highly motivated person with in-depth knowledge and experience in management, laboratory work (Chemistry, Biology /
Biotechnology and Microbiology), food safety and drug safety, quality control and assurance, research and HSE implementation. Very
organized, performance-driven, energetic, and hard-working with the ability to multiple tasks and work under pressure. An effective team
player with good communication skills both orally and in writing. Want to work in an organization where I can give my ideas and at the same

time develop my skills.

SKILLS

e Excellent at preparing technical documents and chemical handling ¢ Maintenance, Scheduling, Microsoft word, qualitative analysis,

and independent. Quality Control, Laboratory Experience’ Management, Report
e Excellent in time management and always exudes punctuality. Writing, Presentation Skills, Safety Management, ISO standards.
Accurate and Flexible Good Laboratory Practice and Good Manufacturing Practice and
¢ Problem solving and motivation skills, command leadership and chemical handling
control skills. e Data Science
e Strong interpersonal relationships and good compilation and e Systems Implementations
presentation techniques e Technical Drawings
e Effective leader, Staff training/development, ¢ Robotic Systems
« Consistently meet goals and Project management e Lab Maintenance

¢ Organized, Haman resources management and Deadline-oriented

Work History

01/2012 to Current Lab Engineer, Quality Management/ HSE Supervisor
Saint-Gobain Corporation — Mcpherson (Mld Prods), KS

© Quality Control and Quality Management

e Responsible for monitoring and maintaining quality and compliance goals

e Ensured that products comply with laws and quality assurance codes

e Ensured that all QC Tests are completed on time and in full

e Familiar with HACCP systems and LIMS

e Ring tests and calibration of instruments

e Ensured GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and GLP (Good Laboratory Practice)
e Supervised five new employees. including training, and evaluation

e Designed, developed, refined, and executed experiments

e Managed lab, inventoried, and ordered laboratory supplies

e Maintained laboratory equipment, performed minor repairs as needed

e Awareness of regulatory requirements and customer service expectations

e Prepared technical documents and handling chemicals

e Familiar with ISO standards (ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 17025 and 9001 etc)
e Performed chemical, biochemical, and microbiological tests and analysis

Carried out Calibration of instruments and operation of DS2 Automated ELISA Syst, NIR, Preparation of samples
for analysis of metals etc

Laboratory Engineer

¢ Performed test in accordance with relevant EMS procedures for assigned parameters on samples. updating existing
laboratory procedures, and developing new ones

e Perform physical analysis (pH, turbidity, color) and enzymatic measurement principles

e Perform Determination of Total phosphorus and Phosphate, Nitrogen, Nitrate, Total Organic Carbon (TOC, {LOC,

TC}), Determination of Fractional Aluminum, Ammonium and Chemical Oxygen Consumption (COD) and BOD

in Water

Carried out determination of Total Bacteria, Coliform Bacteria and E-Coli etc

e Performed Deoxnivalenol (DON) analysis using DS2 Automated ELISA System

e Analyzed samples using routine laboratory instruments such as ELISA, fall numbers, NIR Analyzer, portable
meters, Mantech, and flow instruments etc

© Microbial cell culture / fermentation (anaerobic and aerobic culture)

e Ran spectrophotometry, PCR/ gPCR, cloning and agarose gel electrophoresis, Blotting, flow cytometry, phase
contrast microscopy, Nanodrop, chromatography

¢ Performed qualitative analysis and / or quantitative analyzes of data, using computer programs that are relevant

e Reporting of analysis results in computer systems

© Good at analytical work and statistical data processing

e Water treatment plant and Laboratory

e Water treatment in water treatment plant using various treatment techniques

e Perform all necessary quality control tests on water samples in laboratory

e SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Manages safety team: Main Safety Supervisor- SGS Analytics, Norway

e Wrote SOPs and oversaw lab staff regarding compliance with lab and safety regulations

© Manage risks and dangers in working life and use websites

e Investigate incidents, injuries and hazards and implement control measures

e Report, Review and analyze injury and incident reports and data

e INTERNATIONAL COMPETENCE

e International experience of working with different people from different countries, (Synlab AS and LabNett AS)
Provided supportive link between external customers and internal operations.

© Utilized standard operating procedures, effective crew resource management, communication and procedures

specified in company operation manual.

Conducted routine inspections of incoming materials to check quality and compliance with established product

specifications.

© Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

e Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

© Developed training, task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to employees.

e Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

© Supported safety officer to enforce regulations, laws and established policies throughout operational stages.

e Maintained clean and well-organized production areas to avoid violations or unnecessary work delays due to
hazards or inefficient layouts.

© Monitored workshop work flow for over 50 employees.

e Analyzed equipment breakdowns using various troubleshooting methods.

¢ Prepared, calibrated and monitored production machinery to maintain optimal production levels and consistently
achieve daily targets.

¢ Mentored newly hired employees on operating equipment and safety and developed training manual to use for
reference.

e Repaired equipment to keep jobs moving smoothly, informing maintenance department of major machinery
failures.

e Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes,
employee knowledge and customer demands.

¢ Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

e Revitalized operational structures and procedures to successfully control turnover and waste, enhance output and
boost overall quality.

e Handled customer complaints, resolved issues and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.

¢ Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.

e Established and tracked quality department goals and objectives.

06/2010 to 07/2011 Quality Control and Assurance/ HSE Manager
International Dec And Cont Co Qatar — City, STATE

e Developed and analyzed quality control processes and deliverables to determine present standards and establish
recommended action plans.

¢ Verified parts and materials through audit inspections and independent checks.

e Collaborated with development teams, internal customers and product line management to verify delivery of
desired quality requirements to distributors.

© Collected and analyzed water and food material samples to evaluate quality, providing feedback and interpretation
to production management or staff.

© Maximized quality and reduced costs 10% by maintaining QC objectives.

© Used LIMS to produce reports regarding daily production quality, nonconformance of products or processes and
quality trends.

¢ Followed quality standards and procedures to minimize errors and maximize customer satisfaction.

© Updated quality control standards, methods and procedures to meet compliance requirements.

¢ Improved quality processes for increased efficiency and effectiveness.

e Increased customer satisfaction through adherence to quality standards and customer requirements.

¢ Mentored and encouraged employees to strive for excellence while fostering professional growth.

¢ Managed and archived quality documentation and participated in internal and external quality audits.

© Rejected defective products and approved correct products.

¢ Provided observations, took measurements and performed tests at various stages according to quality control plan.

e Inspected inbound and outbound products for compliance with established industry standards, company policies
and procedures.

e Collaborated with contract representatives and oversaw quality control implementations and reporting.

e Wrote and implemented new rework procedures to standardize processes and streamline workflow.

e Adhered to all legal, safety and health standards.

¢ Sorted product and provided expertise on non-conforming product requirements.

¢ Calibrated instruments and scales in production area and quality lab.

e Equipped and organized facility to comply with company strategy for online and offline quality controls.

e Orchestrated and led team in executing gauge repeatability and reproducibility studies cataloging all major devices
on floor.

e Led quality-assurance projects and enhanced productivity, realizing 15% increase in profits.

e Recorded, analyzed and distributed statistical information.

e Implemented new quality assurance and customer service standards.

01/2008 to 03/2010 Quality Engineer
Covenant Global Works Ltd, Nigeria — City, STATE

e Worked with specific production team members to rectify production issues and maintain high-quality final
products.

e Inspected and packaged products meticulously according to manufacturing specifications.

¢ Performed frequent visual inspections to root out tolerance and compliance issues.

¢ Discarded and rejected products, materials and equipment not conforming with specifications.

e Utilized gauges, tools and equipment to complete in-depth assessments.

© Monitored production operations for compliance with specifications and promptly reported defects.

¢ Maintained high standard of workmanship by using only approved data, materials, tools and test equipment.

e Recorded inspection and test data such as weights, temperatures, grades and quantities inspected and graded.

e Routinely checked measuring equipment to resolve testing problems.

¢ Collected samples during production and tested randomly to determine in-process product quality.

e Supervised production workers to identify areas in need of improvement for high-quality production.

¢ Developed checklists to coordinate inspections with departmental managers.

e Presented clear, organized data in graphs, charts. tables and written reports.

e Expanded risk management measures through spot-checking and increased randomization of inspections

e Supported quality team members during corrective action updates

¢ Participated in multi-disciplinary defect reviews to discern and address root causes

EpucaTIon

01/2022 Health: Health Safety And Environment
Avonova - Norway
Safety, and Environment Supervisor, 2022

06/2013 Master of Science: Applied and Commercial Biotechnology
Hedmark University College - Norway

2010 OSHA; Safety Supervision and Leadership: HSE
OSHAcademy - USA

2008 Bachelor of Science: Biochemistry

Olabisi Onabanjo University - Nigeria