JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Focused Project Manager adept at planning, directing and maintaining continuous operations in various departments. Experienced in directing
manufacturing employees and keeping efficient production in accordance with quality standards. Skilled at identifying or anticipating
problems and providing solutions. Excels through mentoring, training and empowering team to excel in performance.

SKILLS
¢ Project planning and development © Procedure development
e Lean manufacturing e Change control process
e Advanced problem solving e Systems installation, configuration, and upgrading
¢ Technical support e Agile mindset

« Project management

Work History

02/2020 to Current Project Management Specialist
Luk Inc — Detroit, MI

e Provide Lean coaching and training to staff and faculty in multiple research departments.

e Provide Lean support for research lab optimization initiatives increasing lab use by 15%.

e Identify key areas of improvement in cross functioning departments and provide supporting answers to resolve
issues.

e Create research related Standard Operating Procedures.

* Continuous engagement with Ph D And M_D Principal Investigators to support research efficiency goals and
process improvement initiatives.

e Create project plans for cross-functioning departments increasing productivity by 20%.

e Fostered relationships with vendors to promote positive working relationships

¢ Identified, reviewed and applied policies and procedures

¢ Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives

08/2015 to 02/2020 Process Specialist
G-Con Manufacturing, Inc. — College Station, TX
e Successfully reduced product reject rates from 20% to 3% using process improvement tools
© Developed corrective action plans to mitigate deviations that occurred during manufacturing process
¢ Developed standard operating procedures for manufacturing equipment
e Lead technical trainer for new pharmaceutical packaging equipment
© Project lead for new equipment installation and service
e Successfully managed vendor relations to accommodate business goals and deliverables
e Project lead for over 30 complex clinical trials.
e Partnered with cross-functional teams to conduct thorough discovery and due diligence on existing processes
e Identified and resolved process issues to encourage smoother procedures, more efficient workflow and overall
business growth
e Collaborated with team to define business requirements for organizational processes, achieve productivity
standards and adhere to accuracy standards
e Supervised manufacturing process of development trials
e Determined and recommended methods to address improvement opportunities
e Instituted improvement process to contribute to long-term plans for organization business processes
¢ Developed and executed plans to monitor standard process adherence
e Conducted training and change management processes to improve operations
e Analyzed current business plan, identified inefficiencies in existing processes, and tracked performance following

implementation of improvements

08/2004 to 08/2015 Supervisor
Heico Corporation — Columbia, MD

e Analyzed, monitored, and evaluated performance of 20 assigned staff: established work priorities, and provided
corrective action as needed

¢ Worked with various internal and external teams to develop solutions that quickly resolve deviations

e Assisted in capital projects through complete project life cycle

¢ Developed opportunities to reduce costs or improve performance through effective capital planning reducing cost
by 30%

e Ensured manufacturing plant operated within compliance guidelines for government environmental standards
including local, state, and federal requirements

¢ Created and delivered presentations promoting solutions and services to outside clients

¢ Participated in product pricing negotiations

© Developed and executed project communication protocols between company and customer.

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.

e Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

EpucaTIon
02/2020 Master of Science: Organizational Leadership
SAINT MARY-OF-THE WOODS COLLEGE - Terre Haute, IN
08/2014 Bachelor of Science: Management
INDIANA WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY - Marion, IN
12/2011 Associate of Science: Information Technology
Indiana Wesleyan University - Marion, IN
CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Professional, Project Management Institute,
September 2021

Lean Six Sigma Black Belt, Six Sigma Global Institute,

January 2021

Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, Purdue University,

August 2017
Scrum Fundamentals Certified.

May 2020

AFFILIATIONS

¢ Project Management Institute