PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent
organizational skills. Carry out excellent interpersonal skills with co-workers, supervisors, management and
external customers. Resolve customer issues with sense of urgency. Motivated to learn. grow and excel in
property management. "Always tell the customer what | CAN do, Not what | Can't do."

¢ Bilingual English/Spanish « Positive attitude
« 60\WPM e Property management experience
« Proficient in Yardi and CRM e Yardi Property Management understanding
« Computer literate: Microsoft/Windows 8, power e Time management skills
point, Excel e Waste management

e Dependable independent worker

PROPERTY MANAGEMENT RECEPTIONIST 12/2018 to CURRENT
Snap-On Tools | Bemidji, MN

e Answer all inbound calls from tenants, prospects, vendors etc.
e Direct calls to appropriate personal and/ or department
e Greeted all prospects, tenants. and guest
e Promptly responded to tenant complaints and concerns for portfolio (200+ properties)
e Collect rent payments and provide receipt copy
e Assist leasing with new prospect applications ( collect application fee, collect and make copies of
documents. enter and run credit check)
e Assist with distributing mail to appropriate party, Outgoing mail, and Receive all packages (UPS, FEDEX,
etc.)
e Handled tenant complaints promptly and appropriately, with tenant notices and property letters.
e Receive and submit maintenance request to Yardi Voyager
e Responsible for trash assessments & signing of new trash contract for entire portfolio, and Point of
contact for any and all trash issues (200+ properties)
e Brought in additional $16.500.00/Annually with parking fees during the pandemic.
e Manage sub region of 25 properties (200 units)
e Completed final move-out walk-throughs with tenants to identify required repairs.
e Responsible for section 8 annual inspections, health inspections, units in abatement, and REAP.
e Drive to conduct Section 8 inspections when scheduled
e Enter deficiency list to S8 maintenance to have items fixed
e Follow up with maintenance and tenant to ensure unit is ready to pass inspection.
e Entering work orders/calendar reminders when needed
e Follow up to ensure violations were corrected
e Meet with problematic tenants if needed to rectify violations
e Keep close communication with Construction, Collections, and Tenant Relocation
e Review and update Vacancy tracker(s) with all confirmed upcoming renovation & Quick-Turn vacancies,
Move-Outs, and Ready Quick-Turns
e Conduct Vacancy Tracker audit by cross referencing with Yardi, emails, Move-out Tracker, and unit
quick turn updates from Maintenance; Construction departments
e Responsible for Move Out process-
a. Ensure to provide photos for accurate charging for security deposit.
b. Walk unit to unsure it is Move in ready
c. Process SODA ( Statement of Deposit Account ) for move out
e Monthly Property walk through Inspections for sub region

CLOTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 11/2015 to 12/2018
First Capitol Consulting | City, STATE

e Primary responsibility is to answer inbound calls, and screen new employee's for a tax credit

e Verify all information provided with client and also new employee

e Assure the client and the new employee that all information provided is all confidential

e Use my professional skills to go over a questionnaire with the new employee and provide a confirmation
at the end of each call

e Also assist my supervisor with assignments such as spreadsheets, faxing, filing paperwork and verifying
all new employee applications have all the correct information and proper additional documentation, if
required.

e Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents

OFQRATORIDISPATCHERICALL CONTROLLER/ SUPERVISOR 07/2011 to 11/2015
AAMCOM | City, STATE

e« Responsibility is to provide world class customer service

e Goal is to guide callers to obtain information they're requesting

e Clarify the information and then redirect the caller

e Duties are as follows: Ensure seamless and transparent transition of calls from the caller and back to
the customer, with accuracy and customer satisfaction by having attention to detail

e Asan operator, my main objective is to assist the Southern California 511 account to provide with
transportation schedules with will include bus, train, traffic information and direct the callers with a Metro
Express Transponder assignments on a daily basis

« Asa Dispatcher, | am assigned to issue the Local 26 Guards with their assignments on a daily basis

e Make sure that their assignments are matched accordingly

« As acall controller, my duties are to make sure that all of the calls that the rest of the operators handled
the calls are correctly distributed and proof read all of the messages, so our customer would receive
flawless messages

« Asa

e« Supervisor, duties include the following tasks: Answer calls, Assist the operators with the floor
operations on a daily basis

e« Answer to the Doctor's that are requesting additional questions that the operator's can not answer,
making sure that their schedules are properly maintained in our records

e Assist upset/aggravated callers from our "511" call intake

« Conduct a daily report, indicating overall performance of all operators for that day

e Direct emails to management, if there are any problems durning that shift.

East Los Angeles Community College, Los Angeles, CA

Hig.» School Diploma | General Education 06/2010
David Starr Jordan High School