JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

General worker with experience performing variety of technical and manual tasks. Maintains cleanliness of work area and counts materials,
merchandise and supplies in stock. Experienced in training new employees on responsibilities and company work ethics. Background in
general maintenance, light construction, repair and custodial work.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Supervised team of 8 staff members. (3 crews)

¢ Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

¢ Received 3 job promotions within 12 months of hire date.
¢ Brought in 50 new customers. (Rounded number)

SKILLS
Forklift trained Loading and unloading proficiency
= ES
Proficient Advanced
Construction knowledge Hand and power tool operation
a SS
Advanced Expert
Residential construction Carrying heavy loads
a a a
Proficient Advanced
Commercial construction Materials coordination
a a
Proficient Advanced
Project Management Safety and compliance
a a
Advanced Expert
Organization Material transportation
a a
Expert Advanced
Job site preparation Safety awareness
a a
Expert Expert
Work History

10/2019 to Current Management
Dairy Queen — Terrell, TX

e Worked alongside team to accomplish work goals according to schedule.

e Learned how to complete stocking and merchandising with minimal supervision, contributing to successful sales.

e Maintained and repaired facilities, equipment and tools to achieve operational readiness, safety and cleanliness.

e Managed loading and unloading of routine merchandise shipments, maintaining organized and secure materials to
minimize damage.

e Supported needs of employees with skill and efficiency.

e Loaded, unloaded and moved material to and from storage and production areas.

e Organized materials, tools and equipment to supply team members.

e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows to
meet any daily demand.

© Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.

¢ Delegated tasks to others on grooming team.

e Strengthened merchandising and promotional strategies to drive customer engagement and boost sales.

08/2017 to 09/2019 Flooring Installer
Empire Today — Warrensburg, MO

e Took measurements and studied floor sketches to calculate area to be floored and amount of materials needed.

e Maintained excellent communication, cleanliness and safety standards on work sites and projects, boosting
customer satisfaction ratings 99%.

© Operated sit-down forklift to unload and load carpet rolls and flooring skids into work vans.

© Spread adhesive cement over floor to prevent board joint wearing.

¢ Swept, scraped and chipped dirt and irregularities from base surfaces and filled cracks with cement and putty to
form smooth foundation.

e Removed existing flooring to prepare subfloor and cement floor surfaces for new flooring.

¢ Followed floor sketches and verified extra allowances for final fitting.

¢ Operated blowtorch to heat or soften floor covering materials to fit floor coverings around irregular surfaces and
patch cracks.

© Operated hand tools and machines to cut material and achieve proper fit around obstructions.

e Worked with different adhesives to join foundation, flooring and wall materials.

¢ Installed self level and plywood sheeting materials over support structures to form smooth subfloors for final
coverings.

¢ Conducted thorough inspections of installation areas to check for adequate supports and any moisture concerms.

e Identified likely traffic patterns at each site to determine best locations for seams between flooring materials.

¢ Used compounds to waterproof areas, fill in cracks or produce special effects based on project demands.

07/2014 to 08/2017 Flooring Installer
Empire Today — Wilmington, DE
e Paid close attention to all instructions from supervisor and completed tasks on time.
© Operated various hand and power tools such as chop saws and table saws to complete constructions tasks.
e Prepared and applied primers to hide water damage and discolorations from wood, metal and masonry.
e¢ Demonstrated proper use of equipment to newly hired employees to avoid workplace injuries.
© Loaded trucks each morning and unloaded upon arrival at job site.
e Used power saws to cut and shape materials to specified measurements.
© Took on additional shifts during peak work periods to keep projects on schedule.
¢ Took part in all company-offered training sessions, improving installation skills and acquiring knowledge needed to
properly install.
¢ Operated company vehicle to transport necessary materials and equipment for construction projects.
e Maintained work areas by cleaning and straightening for maximum productivity and safety.
¢ Loaded and unloaded construction materials to prepare for use in construction.

EpucaTIon
Minneapolis Community And Technical College - Minneapolis, MN
06/2014 High School Diploma

Valley High School - South Jordan, UT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I am a very hard worker just looking to expand my skill set and advance in something new. I do what I am told and will not need to be asked
twice about it. I am currently in school to pursue my goal to become a therapist and help people through past, post. and current traumas and
worries that may be happening in their lives. I am very passionate about helping other along with watching myself succeed.