CAREER PROFILE

HIGHLIGHTS ©

SKILLS ©

EXPERIENCE ()

EDUCATION/
CERTIFICATIONS

INTERESTS

)

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Committed and motivated administrative assistant with exceptional customer-relation and excellent decision-
making skills. Strong work ethic, professional demeanor and great initiative. Good fashion sense. loves
styling, designing and makeovers. Extensive knowledge of hospitality etiquette, food preparation and superior
customer service. Reliable, trustworthy and respectful. Energetic, results-oriented team-player eager to bring
my strong administrative skills to a growing company. Ability to work independently or as part of a team to
meet project deadlines. Multicultural awareness with a high level of adaptability. Hardworking and multitasking
with outstanding telephone, scheduling and documentation skills.

* Highly responsible and reliable
e Point of Sale (POS) system operation
¢ High-volume dining

e Upbeat, outgoing and positive

e Food safety understanding

e Computer skills (Spreadsheets. scans, email, e Product development (web design, packaging,
paypal, Facebook) brochures)
e Accounts payables & receivables ¢ Creative problem solving
e Administrative duties ¢ Dog grooming
e Manufacturing process & marketing research e Transcendental Meditation
CENTRAL OFFICE MANAGEMENT 07/2015 to 07/2016

Bluegreen Resorts | Detroit, MI

e Worked extensively on Renweb generating reports and creating new reports.

e Dealt with children's needs and acted as a nurse in minor situations.

e Created weekly newsletter in icontact

e Setup for office meetings or large functions

e Prepared standard operating procedures.

e Analyzed program data to assist in strategic decision-making.

e Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.

e Scheduled appointments and maintained master calendar.

e Greeted visitors promptly and directed to correct locations.

e Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person
requests for information.

e Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.

e Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.

e Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.

e Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.

e Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

e Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

e Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.

SEQAVER/HOSTESS 07/2015 to 03/2016
Biscuitville | Archdale, NC

e Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.

e Accurately filled customer orders.

e Accepted payment from customers and made change as necessary.

e Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.

e Maintained knowledge of current menu items, specials, ingredients and preparation methods.

e Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.

e Promptly served all food courses and alcoholic beverages to guests.

e Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other
special requests.

e Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.

e Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.

e Promoted and endorsed the company to bring in new business.

e Politely answered phones promptly and recorded and confirmed reservations.

e Routinely checked menus to verify they were current, clean and wrinkle-free.

e Completed opening and closing checklists according to set standards.

SECVER/BARTENDER 10/2015 to 02/2016
Fairfield Golf & Country Club | City, STATE

e Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.
e Prepared mixed drinks: poured wine, beer and nonalcoholic beverages.

e Broke down bar after events and returned leftover liquor, glassware and banquet carts.
e Collected money and made change.

e Opened and closed bar tabs and transferred tabs to dining area.

e Processed cash, credit card and voucher payments.

e Upheld a high standard of cleanliness in all work areas.

e Stocked beer and wine coolers.

e Maintained bar stocks, replenishing daily as necessary.

e Performed closing duties including cleaning, sanitizing and replenishing.

e Served each guest with a sincere, positive, pleasant and enthusiastic attitude.

e Setup for large parties and weddings

ASOISTANT MANAGER 07/2003 to 06/2015
ALLsaver Tape Products | City, STATE

e Developed new customer relations through telephone contact and sales activity.

e Accurate and on-time completion of all projects.

e Shipping and following up with freight companies and customers.

e Processed accounts receivables and accounts payables.

e In contact with vendors to order and maintain inventory.

e Over the manufacturing process at Citizens Development Center.

e Assisted with development, design, packaging and catalog sheets for new products.

e Administrative work including ebay. paypal, faxing, emailing, photocopying and scanning documents.

e Maintained and prioritized daily tasks and projects including: call logs, appointments. travel, expense
reports, mailings and bank deposits.

e Prepared and drafted all outgoing correspondence in a timely manner.

e Handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust and resolving problems to
maximize efficiency.

© Veterinary Technician 2018

Penn Foster , Online
Working with online courses currently

Tréascendental Meditation 2016
Fairfield, IA
AE /CPR Certified 2016
Fairfield, IA
Stuy Abroad - Thailand 2009

Concentration in Fashion

| traveled to Thailand on three different occasions for a month at a time in search of ideas for new products.
Gained knowledge through experience. Learned about markets and different products for fashion industry. |
was able to attend a Gaggenau function in Phuket at the Anantara Resort with emphasis on architectural
design in kitchen studios.

CcUtinuing Education | Dance 2008
Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona

Rel Estate 2006
Austin Real Estate School, Austin, Texas

Hign School Diploma 2003
Walden Preparatory Academy, Addison, Texas
Graduated with Honors

« PHOTOGRAPHY

e FASHION & STYLING (1 LOVE SHOES, CLOTHES AND ACCESSORIES)
« DANCING

« PILATES (Barre' Fitness)

« EQUESTRIAN ACTIVITIES

« ANIMALS

« CULINARY CUISINE (1 LOVE TO COOK)

« INTERIOR DESIGN

e MUSIC (LISTENING AND | PLAY THE PIANO)

« SKIN CARE AND BEAUTY TRANSFORMATIONS
¢ HEALTHY LIVING

« WORLD TRAVEL