JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY1

Customer focused fast paced environment manager working in high profile venue with ability to achieve results. Retail sales management
professional with over 14 years’ experience in customer focused industry with a proven record in driving business forward while delivering
high customer service standards. Constantly increasing efficiency and maximizing profits while minimizing cost. Ability in training
employees, strategic planning, budgeting and financial reporting fast paced environment. Establish sales targets, initiate cost containment
processes, provide hands-on training and motivate personnel in a multi-million dollar environment. Managing daily operations, planning the
use of materials and human resources to ensure maximum efficiency and profit for the company.

SKILLS

e« Accomplished manager

¢ Goal-oriented

¢ Positive and upbeat

¢ POS [Software Name] expert
e Analytical problem solver

¢ Strong interpersonal skills

¢ Review of contracts

¢ Decisive

« Empowers high-performing sales teams
« BtoB sales

e Extensive personal network

Work History

2013 to Current Sales Management
Microsoft Corporation — Philadelphia, PA
e Supervised a sales force of [number] sales associates.
e Hired [number] sales representatives over a [Time-period]-long period.
e Exceeded regional annual sales target by [number]%.
e Increased regional market share by [number]% within [number] months.
© Developed quarterly and annual sales department budgets.
¢ Developed a comprehensive training program for new sales associates.
e Planned and directed staff training and performance evaluations.
« Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.
e Approved all sales staff budget expenditures.
e Increased revenues by [number]% within the first year as Sales Manager.
e Contacted customers by phone and email in response to inquiries.
e Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and complaints.
e Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security
practices.
¢ Built relationships with customers and the community to establish long-term business growth.
e Attended sales training camp and brought best practices leadership back to the company.

06/2012 to 2013 BUSINESS CONSULTANT
Intellidyne — Tacoma, WA

e Currently managing retail photography project for High Roller Ling for Total Snapshots.

¢ Setting lowest labor of 10.94%, highest sales of $11,468 for the site and highest per cap of $2.01 within 30 days of
taking charge of High Roller location.

e Also have managed and trained managers and supervisors for multiple locations within the RIO hotel and Casino
such as Carnival World Buffet, Village Seafood Buffet, Voodoo Steak house, Voodoo night, MJ live and Rat Pack.

e Paris E1ffel tower, Le provincial, Paris Buffet, Jersey Boys, Bally's Jubilee and Tony N Tina's Increasing sales at
each venue keeping per cap and budgets on track while maintaining labor percentage under company’s projections.

e Achieved highest sales per location when I was managing the locations setting high standards for all incoming
employees of the company.

¢ Helping private fashion wholesale businesses in downtown Los Angeles to maintain and promote growth by
analyzing their business operations.

e Improved profit margin of Import Company from 22% to 28% within two months by identifying savings in key
areas of transportation and storage.

¢ Help reduce cost of many importers by identifying main hubs of manufacturing for specific items.

2000 to 05/2012 GENERAL MANAGER
Global Aviation Services — West Palm Beach, FL
¢ Supervised a sales force of [number] sales associates.
e Hired [number] sales representatives over a [Time-period]-long period.
e Exceeded regional annual sales target by [number]%.
e Supported the sales team in writing proposals and closing contracts.
e Increased regional market share by [number]% within [number] months.
¢ Created and launched new online marketing strategies that resulted in [number]% sales increase.
¢ Developed quarterly and annual sales department budgets.
© Developed a comprehensive training program for new sales associates.
e Planned and directed staff training and performance evaluations.
e Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.
e Approved all sales staff budget expenditures.
¢ Trained all incoming sales team members.
e Increased revenues by [number]% within the first year as Sales Manager.
e Contacted customers by phone and email in response to inquiries.
e Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and complaints.
e Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security
practices.
e Built relationships with customers and the community to establish long-term business growth.
e Present at national sales conference about [Talk name] at the invitation of executive leadership.

2000 to 04/2012 General Manager
Global Aviation Services — Albany, NY

e Oversaw fast paced fashion retail operations for 6 retail stores throughout the Southern California region and online
store.

e Trained store managers and sales staff.

¢ Developing managerial talent by reviewing monthly productivity and identifying strategies for improvement.

¢ Promoted partnership with vendors, and local communities.

e Directed regional sales and marketing campaigns.

e Supervised a team of 60+ members with revenue exceeding $5 million.

¢ Implemented innovations to achieve sales quotas consistently, focusing on turnaround strategies for lagging stores.

¢ Spearheaded installation of standard POS terminals and procedures throughout all stores, improving inter-store
inventory availability and sales trend data.

e Ensured proper staffing for the time and day to establish high standards of customer service while keeping
employee cost in control.

e Established a district-wide visual marketing theme to increase stores market presence.

e Reviewed P&L, Inventory shrinkage, markdowns and store promotions.

¢ Maintained good communication with store managers and communicate with buying staff on new trends,
merchandise needs, new items and stock levels.

e Grew the retail business from $200k first year to over $5 million.

e Created advertising campaigns and specials to compete in the fast paced environment of fashion retail.

EpucatTIon

Bachelor of Science: Business Management
University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ

SKILLS

ADP. advertising, budgets, business operations, C, customer service, English, fashion, fast, FrontPage, Hindi, hubs, Inventory, Kronos,
LANGUAGES, Lawson, managerial, managing, marketing, market, Mathematics, Excel, Outlook, MS Word, Paint shop PRO, payroll,
photography, POS, Print shop, profit, Punjabi, QuickBooks, QuickBooks PRO, Reporting. retail, sales, Spanish. staffing. transportation, trend,
Urdu