JUSTIN BAUMGARTER

5555 Apple Court, City, State, 55555
M: 555.555.5555 | Email Address

ASSET MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE

Extensive experience in providing asset management expertise to large multi-family portfolio of
defaulted FDIC loans, consisting of commercial real estate and land development loans.

Proven ability to analyze trends and capitalize on opportunities to improve ROI and maximize sale
potential and return for investors.

Experience consists of loan underwriting, acquisition and management of over $4 billion in real
estate and loan portfolios in the US and Europe.

Successfully acquired an extensive Real Estate portfolio from the Swedish government and created
the largest publicly-held Real Estate Company in the country.

Reputation for establishing long-lasting joint venture partnerships and business relationships with
key decision-makers and stakeholders, including broad network of Real Estate Brokers and Property
Managers throughout the US to effectively manage and improve acquisitions and disposition.
Thrives in challenging, fast-paced, and high-pressure environments by utilizing outstanding
communication, problem-solving, leadership, and organizational abilities.

—_—_—_—_———— ee ___O_O__
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NAME OF COMPANY, Fort Worth, Texas 2012 — Present
Principal
Charged with accountability for providing strategic leadership to multi-family real-estate development firm.
Oversee all acquisition, management, and development of commercial properties and loans. Provide
underwriting due diligence for CMBS offerings and acquisition of commercial real estate deals.

* Oversee entire project cycle of multi-family property redevelopment projects through joint venture

partnerships.
* In charge of demonstrating value added services to enhance RO! and increase market penetration.

NAME OF COMPANY, Irving, Texas 2010 — 2012
Unit Manager — Portfolio Manager
Hired to provide vision and leadership to Asset Management Team and to lead Asset Managers during
litigation, foreclosure, and portfolio liquidation proceedings with focus on delivering maximum ROI to
investors. Reviewed and approved disposition strategies, contracts, appraisals, and BPO's. Provided due
diligence expertise and underwriting for acquisitions.
* Provided expertise in leadership and supervision to 12-member Asset Management Team engaged
in administration and management of $800 million portfolio of defaulted commercial real estate
loans throughout the US.

...continued...

Senior Asset Manager