SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Driven leader experienced in assisting executives in raising funds for various projects and activities. Dedicated to building long-lasting
relationships with business partners. Skilled at maximizing client bases, enhancing performance, and increasing efficiency.

Exceptional leader experienced in creating and integrating business plans, strategies, and procedures. Dedicated to setting goals focused on
performance and growth.

Dedicated operations specialist well-versed in establishing policies while promoting the company's vision.

Seasoned customer service professional competent in organizing deliveries, dispatching drivers and resolving customer concerns. Detail-
oriented, responsive and adaptable to changing conditions. Proficient in exceeding at informing others on company regulations and

procedures.
SKILLS
¢ Benchmarking e Cost analysis and savings
« New business development © Policy/program development
e Multi-site operations © Profit and loss accountability
« Organizational leadership e Cross-functional team management
e¢ Admuinistrational leadership e Supervision and training
* Corporate administration ¢ Employee development
¢ Staff development e Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Office 360.
¢ P&L responsibility e Data entry
¢ Schedule management e Calendar management

« Purchasing and planning

EXPERIENCE

01/2020 to 01/2022 Operations Management Specialist

Columbia University — New York, NY

e Hired, trained, evaluated and retained high-performing, effective, and diverse team embodying organizational
culture.

e Accomplished leader, skilled at maximizing employees skills and knowledge, to achieve highest performance
goals.

¢ Developed operational policies and processes, guaranteeing staff maintained compliance with federal, state, and
local laws and regulations.

e Maintained productive relationships and communication channels across organization.

¢ Led organizational development changes, enabling organization to better respond and adapt to industry and market
changes.

e Served as strategic advisor and functional expert on critical strategic and operational matters.

¢ Led employees to develop high-performing diverse teams and deliver on ambitious goals and objectives.

© Developed highly effective working relationships with other departments by being positive and constructive leader.

¢ Fostered proactive attitude and future-focused thinking among staff in fast-paced environment.

e Monitored outcome measures, program outcomes, and performance improvement.

e Revamped internal procedures into clearly defined structure, resulting in higher quality services and cost
reductions.

e Prepared financial reports, including budgeting, profit and loss, and legal analysis.

e Reviewed, analyzed and interpreted financial statements.

e Expanded business operations through new process development and strategic planning.

¢ Orchestrated short and long range strategic plans to direct financial progress of business.

e Conducted financial forecasting to explore strategic options and develop creative solutions to complex business
issues.

12/2018 to 01/2020 Customer Service Manager

Wastequip — Mount Sterling, KY

e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

e Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to maintain positive
and successful work environment.

e Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.

¢ Investigated sensitive customer service complaints and delivered prompt resolution to customer satisfaction.

e Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.

© Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

e Evaluated and authenticated returns, exchanges and voids.

e Interviewed, hired and trained new quality-focused customer service representatives.

e Set clear expectations and helped employees pursue optimal paths for achieving each target.

¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing
solutions.

e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.

02/2015 to 09/2018 Customer Service Representative Manager

Alorica Inc. — Saraland, AL

e Trained staff to provide excellent customer service to challenging customers.

¢ Promoted clean, safe, friendly work environment for employees and guests.

© Coordinated schedule to maintain appropriate staff coverage.

e Routed calls from multiple sites to correct personnel and assisted with complex cases.

¢ Led department and supported team leads with process and personnel needs.

e¢ Completed leaves of absence, time off requests and department transfers.

¢ Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

e Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively
diffusing situations.

¢ Treated associates with fairness and respect, providing recognition of accomplishments.

¢ Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.

¢ Planned and optimized warehouse work processes to improve fulfillment system efficiency.

¢ Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.

e Oversaw efficient receiving and inventory management to keep stock within optimal levels.

¢ Maximized warehouse efficiency by dispatching crews and coordinating optimal daily schedules.

¢ Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company
programs.

e Planned and implemented layout enhancements to promote efficiency and maximize space utilization.

¢ Developed and mentored team members to provide hospitable, professional service while adhering to established
service models.

e Cross-trained in every store role to maximize operational knowledge.

e Addressed internal and customer-related issues each day and affected strategic resolutions.

02/2000 to 01/2014 Support Specialist Supervisor

Community Access Unlimited — City, STATE

© Consulted via telephone to understand user problems, run through testing scripts and ask probing questions to
locate root causes.

¢ Documented repair processes and helped streamline procedures for future technical support actions.

e Set up new desktop systems and configured laptops for incoming employees and loaded required software and
server permissions.

e Disassembled computer systems to troubleshoot and resolve hardware issues.

© Upgraded laptops/desktops, improving speed and performance.

e Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations, applying de-escalation techniques and
positive customer support.

e Installed, configured and set up PCs in stores for optimal operation and reporting.

e Supported employees with advanced troubleshooting on helpdesk tickets.

e Assisted in technical support process refinement to improve customer service and support.

¢ Supported customers having data connectivity issues, assisting with troubleshooting steps and rebooting of
hardware.

e Assisted end-users with software and hardware troubleshooting to determine causes of system malfunction.

¢ Backed up data each evening, helping alleviate lost information following malware incident.

© Updated and reconfigured existing and new computers with current software and operating systems.

e Assisted online users via live chat, web conference and phone to resolve issues related to software and system use
and access.

e Responded to support tickets within established timeframe to improve customer service.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/1998

03/2004

High School Diploma
Plainfield High School - Plainfield, NJ

Master of Liberal Arts
Union County College - Cranford, NJ