RAMESH SIGHAL

City, State « 000-000-0000 . Email@ermai!.com
Quality Manager

Summary

Analytical, Results-oniented Development Project Manager Professional with strong Organization, Planning
and Execution skills to achieve project success. Quality and Six Sigma focused on Quality Management and
Defect Prevention successes. Experienced in managing global development efforts related to IP hardware
and protocol technology involving a complex mix of internal and 3rd party technology, | am dedicated to the
appropriate application of processes to arrive at high-quality products. Large experience and knowledge in

manufacturing operations management with the focus on cost reduction, process optimization and quality
excellence.

Work Experience

2015-09 - Present Quality Manager

Wipro Technologies

© Coordinate department quality goal planning, and quality auditand champion department quality
improvements.

© The department has received a Division QualityAward in May 2017 resulting from my actions in
reducing top problem root cause occurrences by a factor of five and decreasing development
effort by 20%,

* Champion the identification and implementation of newdepartment software development
process improvements through Six Sigma and DMAIC, Training of newengineers in critical
procedures and processes.

© Active participation and guidance in Division level Software Process and Defect Prevention
Councils.

2012-08 - 2015-09 Quality Project Leader
Motorola

© Responsible to ensure QMT (Purchase Component Quality Engineers) target achievernent for
vehicle projects during series production face-lifts & minor-model changes. This included all
Driving and controlling QMT target achievernent within all vehicle projects.

© Directly support the industrialization of purchased components and their integration in the
Spartanburg, SC plants for the ramp-up to series production. Planning and tracking of process
series, capacity and, flexibility safeguarding QMT from Tier | and Tier ll suppliers.

© Keyrole inrisk identification and mitigation of any potential supplier-related risks to BMW product
changes and newmodel launches.

2010-02 - 2012-08 Quality Manager
Berry Global inc
« Managed process engineers, technicians, quality manager, quality engineers and laboratory

analysts for a 324,000 sq. ft. - 210+ employee mfg. site producing over two (2) million Ibs. per
month of non-woven textile products for the medical, hygiene and industrial industries,

2008-01 - 2010-02 Advanced Engineering Manager
Intertec Systems LLC

® Introduced innovative capital justification systems, cost tracking, equipment design and
specification with 0 ppm (part/million) and 100% efficiency targets 30 days post-launch. Managed
USD $27 million capital budget and generated over $8 million in savings.

« Added innovative $5.1 million powder casting operation and the new building to Ontario facility, in
addition to paint systems, moulding presses, and state-of-art laser perforating operations that aid
passive restraintairbag deployments,

* Mentored and influenced engineering team to increase programdelivery despite a 20% reduction
instaft.

© Developed a creative manufacturing layout that optimized material flowand production control
and reduced floor space of one program from 27,000 sq. ft to 9,800 sq. ft.

Education

2007 - 2008 Master's Certificate in Project Management
The George Washington University