PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

© Apolished and dedicated Order Management/Customer Service champion who can be counted on to step up

to any challenge and exceed expectations through hard work and creative problem solving.

e« Supervised a team of & at Clarks Canada. e Experience with SAP. Citrix/Great Plains, LX’

« Acting manager for 6 months after manager's BPICS, Cognos Analytics, MS D365, Salesforce
departure from Icynene Inc. 12 & 13 MS Dynamics, CRM and Maximizer

« Given responsibility of Key/Major accounts such Enterprise.
as Wal-Mart, SAM's Club, Amazon and Canadian e¢ EDI processing.
Tire/Marks. e Responsible for delivering monthly training to

e Proficient with Microsoft Office Software Icynene Inc. Dealers.

(including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook. =« Awarded company “Unsung Hero” by colleagues
at Icynene Inc. and Clarks Canada.

© ORDER MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 03/2021 to CURRENT

Carlisle Companies Inc. | Oh, OH

e Manage sales orders for Wal-Mart Canada and Costco Canada, in a timely & accurate manner adhering
to MABD/RAD compliance and performing due diligence on incoming orders to ensure all data points
are valid (Price, UOM, MOQ's, etc.).

e Clear sales orders that are in the EDI Error log in LX/BPICS.

e Run and customize Cognos Analytics Reports.

e Work closely with other teams including Sales, Credit, and Planners.

e Communicate with carriers on shipment and appointment status.

e Recommend opportunities for improvements in effort to proactively manage and mitigate charges.

e Conduct root cause analysis to drive EFO (Error Free Order) for assigned customer portfolio.

e Report out to appropriate stakeholders on progress towards month end targets and enforcing Clorox
Policies and Procedures in effort to drive operational efficiency and increase EFO (Error Free Order)
Metrics.

e Actively update and maintain customer profiles Partner with internal/external stakeholders to drive
improvements to OTC (Order to Cash) processes.

e Send customers daily shortages reports.

e Send emails to communicate order status and informed customers any shipping delays.

SFOCUSTOMER ACCOUNT ASSOCIATE 12/2018 to 03/2021
The Luxottica Group | Littleton, CO

e Manage sales orders and perform daily Customer Service activities in Citrix/Great Plains and Microsoft
D365 for Wal-Mart Canada, Wal-Mart USA, Sam's Club USA and Sam's Club Mexico.

e Work closely with other teams including Demand Planning, Marketing, QA and Sales

e Monitor fulfillment rates (OTIF and Fillrate).

« Update Wal-Mart GEC Portal with MABD changes, Line Cancellations and Discontinued SKU's.

e Attend meetings with Account Managers to ensure product delivery was on track and provide updates
on any discrepancies or delays.

e EDI Order Releasing & Monitoring.

¢ Actas a liaison to assist sales staff with delivery dates, quantities, prices, questions and/or issues with
customers.

e Working with customers and broker to arrange shipping times, delivery times and product fulfillment.

« RMA audit and entry.

e Provide Reporting to Sales Representatives & Management.

CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPERVISOR 08/2015 to 12/2018
Wolters Kluwer | Columbus, OH

e Responsible for day-to-day direction, coaching and support to all Customer Service Representatives.

e Monitor, evaluate and develop team and individual performance through available tools, metrics and
ongoing coaching.

e Reinforce mindset, skills and confidence introduced through training programs.

e Administer evaluations and provide consistent feedback.

e Oversee order pool in SAP and daily management of customer expectations to ensure on-time
deliveries.

e Provide tools to ensure knowledge of order fulfillment process from goods receipt to delivery, on-time
and in full to the customer.

e Established and updated work schedules to account for changing staff levels and expected workloads.

e Ensure on-going account cross training within the Customer Service department.

e Handle all escalated Customer and Sales Representative calls/emails.

e Adhere to all and enforce all wholesale operations guiding principles and ensure staff is knowledgeable
and understanding of these policies.

e Ensure team understands, maintains and adheres to customers' vendor compliance criteria.

e Create SOP's and maintain customer profiles, training binders/materials for new employees.

e Promote timely resolution of purchase order changes, pricing changes, allowance forms, email and all
other inquiries.

e Collaborate with Demand Fulfillment and Logistics Center to maximize shipments and flow goods while
maximizing capacity.

e Generate/maintain promo codes, sales discounts and allowances.

e Collaborate with Customer Operations to create processes and procedures that support minimal
chargeback exposure and maximize awareness throughout the organization.

e Awarded company “Unsung Hero” for 2 consecutive years.

CUSTOMER SERVICE LEAD 02/2007 to 07/2015
icynene Inc | City, STATE

e Handled day-to-day customer contact via phones, faxes and emails.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Lead Representative in responding to all Dealer and homeowner inquiries and complaints.

e Used Cirtix/Great Plains and Sales Force to keep and maintain records of customer interactions,
customer accounts and file documents.

e Enter all orders accurately and in a timely manner (Icynene and partner program orders).

e Track daily inventory of all distribution warehouses for the Customer Service Department.

e Responsible for all Dealer returns.

e Trained new and existing Icynene Dealers monthly.

e Acting Team Manager for 6 months during search for new Customer Service Manager.

e Awarded company “Unsung Hero” in October 2010.

High School 1999
Phillip Pocock Secondary Catholic School, Mississauga, ON

« Customer Service Certification Program (ICSA) — 2008

« Time Management (Certification Program)- 2008

« Train the Trainer Program (Certification Program) - 2009
e Effective One-on-One Meetings - 2017

« Time Management Workshop - 2017