Summary

Self-starting. goal-onented sales professional whose extensive experience has promoted success for a
high-quality company ranked number one in sales volume nationally. Knowledgeable in all phases of
client service with a track record of outstanding customer satisfaction. Proven success in establishing
and maintaining a loyal customer base. Consistently honored for exceeding sales and service

expectations.
Accomplishments

Nissan Sales Guild Recipient 1989 - 1997

General Motors Sales Manager Mark of Excellence Membership 1998 - 2008
Cadillac Sales Guild Recipient 2003-2008

General Motors Sales Award Recipient 2003-2008

Top Performing Sales/Finance Professional at Industry Leading Cadillac Franchise

Experience

Cadillac Hackensack, New Jersey

Sales and Finance Manager March 2003 to Present

* Establish relationships with prospective buyers through prospecting, referrals. internet inquines and
previous client base to exceed personal and company sales goals.

e Extensive product knowledge training to ensure client inquiries are satisfied.

e Provide financing and leasing options to clients through direct contact wath multiple financial

institutions.

Train and manage four sales assistants to provide support to sales team.

Receive payments and obtain credit authorizations.

Troubleshoot and resolve client concerns and needs on a daily basis.

Developed and maintain client communication tracking system.

Active participant in weekly sales team meetings.

Cadillac Nissan Hackensack, New Jersey
Sales and Finance Manager October 1989 to March 2003
* Achieved rank of number one auto sales professional within four months of hire.

* Promoted to Sales Closer Manager responsible for ensuring sales goals are met.

* Promoted to Desk Manager responsible for all daily operations of multi-million dollar auto dealership.

Education
Bergen Community College Paramus, New Jersey
Business Administration 1980-1982
Additional Training

e AIS Finance and Insurance Training Corporation, Atlanta, Georgia 2001
e General Motors Dealer World Product Training 1998-2008