RITA HADLEY
25 Solo Road | Kingsville, CT 84523 | T: 804.673.5026 | Email: rittahadley@me.com

Driven and analytical professional with a history of executive level management. Conducts financial analysis,
engages in strategic planning, and implements policies and procedures. Effective liaison between departments
to ensure that all groups are working in cohesion. Proven track record of improving productivity and
reducing costs. Experience as an educator and engineer were crucial in developing collaborating,
interpersonal, problem solving, and organization skills. Developed an ability to drive projects to completion
on time and with limited resources.

CORE SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Cost-Benefit Analysis Inter-department collaboration
Resource Allocation Policies and Procedures gic Planning
Administrative Organization Strong working relationships
Microsoft Office Microsoft Visio and Project

PROFESSIONAL EXPER

PROJECTS INC.
Director of Operations and Human Resources
Manages the day-to-day operations and resources of the
implementing, and coordinating policies and procedures. Ae
human resource strategy. Ensures that all department

(2017-Present)
ation by developing, recommending,
res GOst-benefit and plans and implemented
ua Cohesion by communicating changes in

policies and procedures and acting as a liaison betweeft PE eadership, and employees.
Finance Manager (2015-2017)
Implemented time and expense tracking sof standardized invoicing and payroll processes.

roject costs and finance projection.

Project Manager
Ensured that internal projects we

(2011-2015)

d by the deadline and that results were communicated across the
fostering strong working relationships which was invaluable in
ultiple departments. Developed and instituted company policies

collaborating with senior
r al brand and culture. Monitored and reported operational metrics.

and procedures a

(2007-2011)

Bilingual Englts
Developed high-q

Spanish teacher of general education courses for the first, second, and third grades.
ity Spanish curriculum that adhered to state standards.

* Enabled children to academic success with limited time and resources and in a high-pressure
environment by catering teaching style to individual and group needs.

= Connected with distressed students with high-poverty, homelessness, trauma, and immigration
challenges to successfully address social, emotional, and cultural needs.

* Built a school-based community through an understanding of parents’ native language and cultural
needs and working with many different personalities.

EDUCATION
Edgewood College Madison/MATC, Madison, WI
Bachelor of Elementary Education/ESL Bilingual (2011)

Universidad de los Andes Mérida, Venezuela
Bachelor of Forestry Engineer (1995)