GABRIEL CAMPBELL

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

Summary

Customer-centric, team-oriented restaurant General Manager. Educational background includes business
operations, accounting, and marketing. Extensive restaurant and food service experience. Aspires to manage a
successful restaurant operation,

Highlights

Key relationship management
Vendor coordination

Inventory and supply

Cost control

Publicity

Budget administration
Staff development
Team leadership
Revenue generation
Customer service

Accomplishments

Consistently exceeded daily sales targets by 10-25%.

Met monthly sales goals for 14 months straight.

Maintained lowest employee turnover rate in district for over two years.

Awarded Top Manager for the district twice for high sales and low employee turnover.

Began event restaurant calendar on social media that has been adopted district wide due to proven ability
fo increase sales on event days.

Experience

General Manager 09/2008 to Current
O'Brien's New Cityland, CA

Schedule and direct staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity,

Conduct daily pre-shift and weekly departmental meetings to ensure organizational efficiency.

Optimize profits by controlling food, beverage, and labor costs on a daily basis.

Continually monitor restaurant and take appropriate action to ensure food quality and service standards are
consistently met.

Efficiently resolve problems or concerms to the satisfaction of all involved parties.

General Manager 01/2005 to 08/2008

Apple
.

Barn New Cityland, CA

Assigned tasks and oversaw the direction of employees to ensure compliance with food safety procedures
and quality contro! guidelines.

Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage, and sanitation of food and
beverage products to ensure quality.

Buill sales forecasts and schedules to reflected desired productivity targets.

Performed restaurant walk-throughs to gauge timeliness and excellent service quality.

Initiated negotiations regarding vendor contracts and kept updated records of contracts.

Education

Coastal Business School Online
Ongoing coursework in Business, Finance, Accounting, and Hospitality