Sally Anderson

People Manager

Contact Details

& sallyandersonl@email.com

@ Boston, MA

Core Skills

Human Re

Corporate Recruitment
ympensation & Benefits

Talent/People Management

Project Coordination

Employee Relations

Workplace Metal Health & Safety

ompliance Labor Laws

Professional Profile

Results-oriented People Manager with experience in streamlining HR strategies that
drive positive change, advance learning and development, maximize performance,
enhance staff capabilities, and facilitate process improvements. Proven ability to
attract/retain top talent, mentor employees, and advise executives on policy-related
matters. Focused on creating a culturally diverse, safe, and engaging work environment
by displaying a strong work ethic and commitment to promoting organizational values.

Career Summary

Jan 2018 - Present Crocs, Inc, Boston, MA
People Manager

Outline

Support all areas of HR, including HRIS, payroll, L&D, benefits, employee relation, and
compensation for a world leader in innovative and casual footwear that sells 600M+
pairs in over 90 countries.

Key Responsibilities

e Cooperate with stakeholders and executives in spearheading the development of
HR agendas and project frameworks that support business-critical objectives.

e Refine multi-skilling capabilities by implementing recruitment, succession
planning, on-boarding, training, and career development plans.

e« Administer compensation packages and benefits programs to attract, engage, and
retain staff, in-line with budgets, job market expectations, and regulatory laws.

e Serve asa role model tasked with exhibiting the company’s values, as well as
prioritize diversity, equity, and inclusion requirements.

e Actas aninternal advocate that bridges management and employee relations,
while addressing demands, grievances, and other internal matters.

« Analyze trends, provide daily guidance on policy creation, modify talent
acquisition plans, address daily staffing needs, and build high morale.

« Implement performance measurements to gauge team success, recognize areas
for improvement, and steer organizational efficiency.

e Conduct exit interviews with outgoing staff to determine reasons for leaving the
company.

e Plan and lead team building activities, handle disciplinary issues according to
company standards, as well as maintain records of attendance and performance.

Key Achievements

e Helped four divisions exceed goals by 25% due to integrating impactful
orientation, training, and bonus pay initiatives.

e Minimized staff turnover rate by 70% as a result of embedded a cultural mindset
that enabled people to thrive in the workplace.

e Advanced on-time performance appraisals from 65% to 100% by continuously
assisting managers who required ongoing support.

e« Implemented HR programs that led to a 30%+ increase in business growth,
employee engagement.

Jul 2016 - Dec 2019 Virgin Hotels, Boston, MA
People Manager

Outline

Advised on training and development needs assessments to improve the efficiency of
staff performance, for a lifestyle hospitality brand that combines heartfelt service,
value, and a seamless/personalized hotel experience for 20K+ guests globally.

Key Responsibilities

e Directed interview recruitment, selection, leadership development, and
succession planning activities across all business functions.

e Assigned tasks and projects to according to employees’ strengths and
weaknesses.

Page 1