EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL (©)

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY ©

LANGUAGES ©

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Associate of Arts | Computer Science 12/2022

Broward College, Fort Lauderdale, FL

Hig) School Diploma 06/2019
West Park High School, West Park, FI

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

« Decision Making e MS Office
« New Hire Onboarding e Advanced computer skills
e Retention Program Development e Highly motivated
CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 04/2020 to CURRENT

Common Spirit | Lincoin, NE

e Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
needs and resolving concerns.

e Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.

e Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

e Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.

e Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat customers and improved sales.

e Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate
solutions.

CLOTOMER RETENTION/WORKFORCE MANAGEMENT ANALYST 04/2019 to 02/2021
Clubcorp Club Operations, Inc. | Milton, GA

e Talks to customers over the phone, email, online chat or social media to resolve their questions or
concerns

e Maintains and updates customer information as necessary

¢ Calmly attempts to resolve and de-escalate any issues

e Escalates calls to supervisor when necessary and appropriate

e Responds to requests for assistance and/or possible processing of credit card authorizations

¢ Tracks call-related information for auditing and reporting purposes

e Provides feedback reports on call issues related to downtime and/or training issues

e Upsells to customers as necessary

e Interface with center management and central operations regarding factors that may impact staffing and
service levels: assist in coordinating center activities with central operations.

e Implement effective administrative tracking, analytical and trending procedures to support the unit's
goals.

e Maintain workforce management system and integrity of workforce data (i.e.

e Agent data, archiving reports, deleting old schedule runs, etc.)

e May be responsible for producing periodic productivity and other required ad- hoc reports from the
workforce management system

e Manage intraday call volume trends to ensure a more effective and efficient workload.

e Adjust intraday workforce requirements based on changing/dynamic forecasts'

e Schedule all transaction based work and special events for optimal service levels and occupancy (€.g..
meeting, training, coaching, email, queue work, projects)

e Generate daily, weekly, and monthly statistics on adherence, attendance and ACD/CMS information for
management and capacity planning if requested

e During periods of coverage needs perform any command center duties as required by the Workforce
Manager (i.€., RTA, SLC, scheduling, etc.).

INQTORE/DELIVERY DRIVER 06/2018 to 05/2019
Papa Johns | City, STATE

e Managed customer service issues with professionalism and analytical approaches to maintain
satisfaction and promote continued brand loyalty.

e Inspected truck equipment and supplies and reported problems and safety hazards to supervisors
following each shift.

e Boosted revenues by upselling and cross-selling products to new and established customers.

e Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times.

e Completed rush deliveries on tight timetables to satisfy customer needs.

e Fostered positive working relationships with customers by responding to questions and concerns.

e Worked overnight shifts during peak periods to meet coverage needs.

e Reported customer questions, issues and complaints to management.

SACDWICH ARTISTIMANAGER 08/2018 to 02/2019
SUBWAY®Restaurants | City, STATE

« Communicated menu item information and offered suggestions to promote featured products.

e Organized work areas to foster efficiency and model exceptional kitchen etiquette.

e Assisted guests, including offering personable greetings and taking orders.

e Identified price of goods and calculated bills with optical price scanners, calculators and cash registers.
e Provided product information and menu item explanation in consideration of dietary restrictions.

e Assisted customers in choosing menu items by providing food complementing information.

e Maintained clean, sanitized and well-organized food preparation zones.

e Met sales targets by encouraging customers to buy extra food items such as drinks, desserts and sides.
e Reduced customer wait times by quickly and efficiently operating customer window and sales register.

HC3TESS 03/2017 to 06/2018
Dough Boys Pizza | City, STATE

« Maintained highly loyal clientele by delivering unparalleled service at every stage of restaurant dining
experience.

e Assisted managers with quickly resolving service- and food-related issues.

« Collected credit card, cash and gift certificate payments and dispensed change for cash transactions.

« Cultivated positive guest relations by managing information and orchestrating speedy seating.

e« Took reservations by phone and walk-in, keeping scheduling demands and kitchen output in time to
avoid overbooking.

« Supported servers, food runners and bussers with keeping dining area ready for every guest.

« Stayed in open communication with kitchen team to assess cooking times, avoid worker overload and
minimize customer dissatisfaction.

English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Japanese:

Negotiated: