JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

25 Years Financial Experience
SKILLS
e Banking and Investments ¢ Computer skills and technology
e Grants and Financial Management e Highly detail-oriented
e Exceptional MS Word/Excel e Technical Writing
e SAP Financial Core and Business Warehouse ¢ Complex problem solving
Work History

02/2006 to Current Financial Management Specialist
Department Of Defense — Slidell, LA

e Maintained 99% accuracy in calculating discounts, interest and commissions.

e Successfully implemented new technologies and process automations to encourage continuous improvement.
e Facilitated successful internal and external audits through sound and thorough documentation.

¢ Composed effective accounting reports summarizing accounts payable data.

¢ Monitored payments due from clients and promptly contacted clients with past due payments.

e Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.

e Oversee daily office operations of processing for grants staff of 3 contractor employees.

¢ Manage high volumes of financial activity in a fast-paced, environment.

05/2000 to 01/2006 Helpdesk Support Specialist
Transperfect — Corvallis, OR
e Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
e Addressed and resolved customer product complaints professionally.
e Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.
e Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.
e Prepared reports and communication for senior management and clients.
e Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.
e Assisted with receptionist duties, file organization and research and development.

03/1998 to 01/2000 Wire Operator
Quadgraphics — Buskirk, NY
e Entered financial products including stocks, bonds and mutual funds into online system.
e Maintained friendly and professional client interactions at all times.
¢ Supported 75 Financial Consultants in a fast paced operation environment Transmitted 300 or more market and
non-market orders for payment daily.
e Setup new account information for IRAs
¢ Documented and developed a procedures/ guidelines manual for Wire/Order Operator's desk
Generated weekly/monthly reports of all operational discrepancies for functional managers

EpucaTION

2006 Bachelor of Science: Business Management
University of New Orleans - New Orleans, LA

Associate of Applied Science: Accounting
Delgado Community College - New Orleans, LA

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Completed NASA FIRST Leadership Training