JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Hardworking General manager with top-notch conflict resolution skills, proactive mentality and in-depth understanding of industry. Bringing
multiple years of experience and dedication to promoting loyalty, increasing revenue and enhancing company success.

Service-oriented Management Trainee focused on maintaining consistent record of achievement in multiple areas of operations. Demonstrated
record of offering superior service to customers and staff. Proven history of detailed work and fast learning.

Motivated Management Trainee with a service-oriented mentality and passionate dedication to the food nutrition field. Strengths include team
leadership, oral and written communication, complex problem-solving and multitasking in fast-paced environments.

Experienced Management Trainee successful at adapting to changing conditions and efficiently learning new processes. Performance-driven
and responsible leader passionate about driving growth and improvements across the board. Bringing 20 years of experience and disciplined
approach.

Resourceful and adaptable Manager with over 20 years of experience in scheduling, staff training, protocol development and process
improvements. Meticulous team builder with expertise in employee engagement, customer relationship management (CRM), time
management and conflict resolution. Customer- focused leader seeking to leverage background into assistant or operations manager role.
Motivational leader and organizational problem-solver with advanced supervisory, team building and customer service skills. Experience
stepping into roles and quickly making positive changes to drive company success. Focused on using training, monitoring and morale-
building techniques to maximize employee engagement and performance.

SKILLS
e Financial records analysis © Procedural improvements
« Superb time management e Schedule management
¢ Staff development e Systems and automation applications
e Marketing promotions e Issue and conflict resolution
« Team building e Administrative support

e Resource utilization
EXPERIENCE

05/1989 to Current Management
Mcdonald's — Kirkwood, MO

e Assessed projected business demands and maintained adequate employee coverage.

© Met with customers to discuss options for selection of products and services.

e Increased overall team efficiency and productivity.

e Tracked, recorded and reported customer satisfaction data for each shift.

e Balanced cash drawer daily and performed all opening and closing duties.

e Worked alongside senior team members to learn all related job tasks and roles.

e Mentored, coached and trained [Number] manager-in-training team members to achieve organizational goals and
sustain corporate objectives.

e Assumed responsibilities of store manager during absences.

e Conducted employee performance reviews to identify areas for training, provide feedback and set goals for
improvement.

¢ Supported and mentored [Number] recruiters to achieve sales goals while exceeding sales targets by [Number]%.

e Cross-trained in every store role to maximize operational knowledge.

e Standardized policies to maintain compliance with company guidelines and regulatory requirements.

e Helped business managers keep operations running smoothly, increase revenue and optimize processes to capitalize
on industry changes.

e Resolved customer issues efficiently to build loyalty.

e Ran daily reports to assess performance and make proactive adjustments.

¢ Maintained efficient, high-quality services while adhering to budget limitations.

e Streamlined efficiency, reduced labor hours and boosted profitability to optimize overall productivity.

¢ Greeted and assisted all customers daily in high-traffic retailer.

09/2014 to 09/2015 In-Home Supportive Services Provider
Aurora Services — Eau Claire, WI

© Used mobility devices and [Type] equipment to carefully and transport patients.

e Cleaned and sterilized [Type] and [Type] equipment to reduce risk of patient infection and contamination.

¢ Cleaned and sanitized rooms and equipment using aseptic technique to prevent infection and cross-contamination.

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

¢ Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

e Administered [Type] medications and educated patients and families on correct at-home administration.

e Attended to patients in [Number]-bed unit, continuously checking on needs and maintaining high standards of
patient care.

¢ Promoted patient satisfaction by assisting with daily living needs such as bathing, dressing, toileting and
exercising.

08/2012 to 08/2013 Food Nutrition Assistant
Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society — Sister Bay, WI
© Developed and oversaw preparation of specialized diets by [Action].
e Recommended appropriate feeding schedules and methods to meet nutritional needs and abilities.
e Established healthful and therapeutic meal plans and menus for individuals with [Type] health conditions.
e Consistently provided exceptional service and attention to customers and stakeholders.
¢ Provided excellent service and attention to customers in face-to-face encounters and through phone conversations.
e Earned good attendance record and built reputation for being on time and ready to work.
e Preparation of food and making sure correct amount of ingredients were put into the food.
e Cashier, would charge employees at school and students for extra food, chips. cookies, etc.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

07/2004 GED
Porter High School - Brownsville, TX

CERTIFICATIONS

e ServSafe