JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

EXEcurTIvE SUMMARY

¢ Results-focused Global Compliance and Regulatory professional offering 12+ years of experience in operations management,
negotiation, data analysis and process improvement.

e Track record in using analytical problem solving techniques to cultivate senior level relationships. delivering mission critical results.
¢ Organized, driven and diligent leader, offering excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills.

Core STRENGTHS

« Regulatory Compliance Issues Mitigation & Resolution ¢ Cross-functional Team Management
« Compliance Framework Implementation e Relationship Building & Management
¢ Multi-Unit Operations Management e Excellent written and verbal communicator
¢ Process Improvement Strategies ¢ Complex Problem Solving
e Change Management ¢ Sound judgment
e Analytical
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

03/XXX3 to Current Senior Manager — Global Regulatory Issues Management

American Express Company — City, STATE
Drive end-to-end regulatory corrective action resolution and accountability solutions across the Global Line of Business
Affiliates. Ensuring correction of mandated compliance infractions identified during both internal/external audits.
e Chairman’s Recipient Award for Excellence YE XXX5
e Serve as Global Service Network (GSN) Business Unit Regulatory Issue Management Champion, governing global
issue Management corrective action events, corrective actions, controls and training.
e Partner with GBG Leadership to review and discuss CAP Service Level Agreements complexity and content.
e Ensure compliance of operational processes within the evolving regulatory & compliance landscape across GSN.
e Serve as POC for GBG, GBG-IRO and CPS: ensuring alignment and discussion of CAP Lifecycle requirements.
e Ensure timely execution of remediation management standards; and consistency with AXP compliance risk
prevention.
e Ensure GSN operational readiness for large volume/high volume regulatory mandated remediation projects and
consumer and business product and services launches.
¢ Led project design, build and launch of Global Issues Management SharePoint Site

09/2005 to 02/XXX3 Manager — Customer Marketing Capabilities, Risk & Information Management

2004 to 08/2005

04/1999 to 08/2002

EpucaTION

City, STATE
Collaborated with Consumer and Merchant business partners to identify strategy to drive results, improve targeting for
quality, privacy & compliance objectives. Subject Matter Consultant (Campaign List Execution &
Delivery) for Membership Rewards (MR) and Strategic Alliance & CoBrand (SAC) targeting strategies.
¢ Designed campaign strategy across 7 Lines of business, utilizing multiple communication channels to drive results,
improve targeting, and increasing cardmember response and engagement
© Managed Multiple Price Points (MPP) CMC Delivery and Capabilities end-2-end UAT and system validation
testing team for MR WEB and MPP Phases releases; conducted real-time production testing. MPP delivered
targeted personalized discounts offers on the Membership Rewards website, supported mix shift goals, and
delivered a competitive eCommerce site.
e Conducted new release system audit: evaluated campaign execution capabilities, translated and interpreted findings
and business strategies; shaping the direction of the organizations’ system cut-over/release strategy.
e Guided and educated external AMEX Co-Brand partners on AMEX policy/procedures, leveraging AMEX assets to
create new business opportunities, create high quality solutions and solidify external partnerships.

Marketing & Development Officer
NA — City, STATE
Implemented and managed development and marketing strategies supporting a $3 MM annual budget. Developed and
managed program collaboration opportunities with foundations and community organizations.
e Implemented and managed development and marketing strategies supporting a $3 MM annual budget. Developed
and managed program collaboration opportunities with foundations and community organizations.
© Cultivated new and strengthened (serviced) existing funder relationships; revived lapsed government and corporate
foundation funding. Authored grant proposals and reports. Supervised external 3rd party vendors.

Database Marketing Manager — Educational Publishing Division
THE BOYS & GIRLS OF NEWARK (BCGN) - City, STATE
Department liaison for marketing classroom magazines and information management divisions. Analyzed sales results
(identifying deviations and trends in customer purchase behavior, competitors and products); delivered
recommendations to develop Senior Leaders regarding marketing strategies, generating annual sales of $30 million.
e Designed and managed the retention and acquisition cross channel list selection process, generating 70% of the
annual classroom magazine subscriptions.
¢ Initiated and led classroom magazine database process improvement team. Decreased cross channel list selection
processing time by 30%.
e Managed the interpretation, distribution and use of retention and acquisition data through Analytix database
system, MS Access and MS Excel. Programmed and distributed standard and ad hoc marketing promotion queries

and reports.

M.B.A: Business Management
Rutgers University - Newark, NJ

B.S: Computer Applications & Information Systems/Marketing
New York University - New York, NY

Organizational Leadership
Clemson University - Clemson, SC

LEADERSHIP

American Express Global Employee Affinity Groups
¢ Core-team lead of diversity group, charged with establishing curriculum, content and delivery format for weekly member meetings
e Increase employee engagement to create an inclusive community
¢ Provide opportunities for leadership development and skill building
¢ Support diverse talent acquisition and innovative business solutions
e Assist in identifying and partnering in new lines of business for target marketing and segmentation
¢ Deliver/Present Leadership Theory and Practical Application
e Encourage Professional and Personal Growth & Development

¢ Delivered strategy and execution concepts for the corporate social responsibility challenge: Piloted ‘Voluntourism* — Consumer and
Travel groups project
e Presented Financial Fundamentals workshops to Junior Achievement High School Students.