AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Stock planning
Supplier management
Procurement analysis
Parmer management
Demand forecasts
Distribution

Team meetings

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS

Passionate
Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd
The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E. info(@idayjob.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Supply Chain Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

Maxine is an expert at synchronizing supply with demand and at developing supply
chain strategies that significantly impact on profitability and increase the total value of
a business. At her current place of work, she is widely respected for her ability to
troubleshoot issues that can affect supplies. Her key skills include; improving supplier
programs, establishing robust processes, statistical forecasting and strategic supplier
management. Right now, she is currently looking for a suitable role with a company
that wants to hire the best-qualified and most experienced people.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for restructuring the company’s Purchasing and Supply Chain functions so as
to make then as effective and efficient as possible.

+ Negotiating with suppliers to minimize raw material and transportation costs.

+ Making sure that all supplier information and records are up to date.

+ Taking steps to ensure the personal safety and safe working environment of staff.

+ Checking that a supplier has valid insurance certificates, bank details & certificates.

Company name -Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)
Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (i.e. Aug 2011 —- Fm 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Bringing products via the supply chain to market on time and im the correct quantity.
+ Managing diverse teams of professionals in a Supply Chain environment.

+ Accurately calculating total supply chain costs in relation to proposed new projects.
+ Familiar with the principles of transportation, supply chains and procurement.

+ Treating problems or unexpected events as opportumities to learn from.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.