JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly skilled and experienced RN who excels in creating and implementing core medical care programs by first charting out patients needs

in sync with their conditions. High skilled in establishing compassionate environments by providing emotional, psychological and spiritual

support to patients and families.
Sxixt HicHiicutTs
¢ Good organization skills © Utilizing clinical nursing knowledge
e EHR Software (Epic, McKesson, Meditec ) © Preceptor/ Strong leader
e Proficient in the use of Microsoft office tools (Excel, Word, e Excellent communicator
PowerPoint, etc.) ® Strong clinical judgment
¢ Adept at prioritizing/managing deadlines e In-depth knowledge of intravenous therapy
e HIPAA and confidentiality e IV drug therapy management
¢ Clinical leadership and supervision e HIPAA and confidentiality
e Charting and documentation
e EPIC EMR
CERTIFICATIONS

e Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) Certification 2021
e PALS - Pediatric Advanced Life Support Certification 2021
e CPR Card Certification 2021

e License Registered Nurse in IL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

10/2015 to Current

Pain Management Nurse
Norman Regional Hospital Authority — Oklahoma City, OK
¢ Perform assessment of patients and document details, coordinate patient care with physicians and other nursing
team.
e Plan therapeutic management according to age of patients, evaluate and establish priorities for patient care.
e Collaborate with nutritionists, make and monitor dietary changes and contribute in improving quality of patient
care.
¢ Planned and implemented a set of exercises to overcome pain, ensured prescribed medications do not cause adverse
reactions and monitored patients and changed treatment as needed.
¢ Liaised between physicians, nursing staff, and other health care professionals and performed pain management
activities according to the nursing practice guidelines

06/2013 to 10/2015 Med Surg/Pediatric Nurse

Swedish Covenant Hospital — City, STATE

e Furnished pediatric patients with direct clinical care on a regular basis maintained and updated clinic schedules and
implemented all required procedures and protocols.

e Coordinate with hospital activity leader to include applicable patients in exercise and events.

¢ Charted and logged patient activity regularly for physician review.

e Provide pre and post operative care, including wound care, vital sign monitoring, and preparation for surgery.

e Interpret test results and develop preliminary treatment plans under physician guidance.

e Administered medication and prescribed therapies, and recorded adverse reactions and outcomes.

e Performed periodic checks of patient vital signs and used diagnostic tests to establish physical and medical
condition.

e Instructed patients’ families in medical care, treatment, and community resources.

e Assisted patients in the collection of urine and stool specimens for laboratory testing.

e Installed IV and central lines, and performs phlebotomy duties to obtain blood samples or administer medication

08/2012 to 08/2014 Tele/ Med-Surg Nurse

09/2018 to Current

Presence Health St. Mary And Elizabeth — City, STATE

e Develop, implement and communicate individualized nursing care plans and reports pertinent to the observation
and patient reactions.

¢ Responsible for administering prescribed medications and perform treatment of patients as prescribed by physician.

e Perform tasks of monitoring, analyzing and interpreting data on blood pressure, heart beat and physical distress.

¢ Develop treatment plans for patients and supervise the work of nursing staff.

e Ensure that the service meets the expected goals and objectives of the organization.

e Responsible for maintaining safe and therapeutic telemetry and progressive care environment, Perform tasks of
evaluating the effectiveness of the nursing process.

e Perform tasks of reviewing data from special equipment to track patient's blood pressure, heart rate, breathing and
other vitals.

e Educate patients and their families on disease prevention, healthy diet and exercise, and lifestyle changes.

e Handle responsibilities of implementing and directing care by using nursing process with emphasis on the needs of
individual Telemetry patients.

Staff Registered Nurse

Northwestern Medicine Central DuPage Hospital — City, STATE

Provided quality nursing care to patients in alignment with care policies and procedures.

Treated patients following physician’s orders and treatment plan, administering various types of medications and
therapies.

Reviewed physician orders and dispensed medication and treatment, participating in medication management to
promote patient safety and effectiveness.

Worked with interdisciplinary team to provide comprehensive care to patients suffering from acute and chronic
conditions.

Documented all administered medications.

Assessed patients to determine daily and ongoing care needs.

Maintained 24-hour report book and provided the oncoming shift with full patient status reports.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2011

Bachelor of Science: Nursing
Methodist College of Nursing - Chicago, IL