JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Expert in all military pay systems, the deployment, risk assessment, and employing best practices for integrating finance systems and
operations. Work collaboratively with team members from different disciplines to perform continuous analysis of finance actions to improve
procedures related to military pay systems. Results-driven Finance Management Analyst bringing 36+ years of success to Department of
Defense. Astute, organized and personable nature. Designed and executed policies to reduce abuse of funds and increase efficiency of
financial transactions, including military, travel, and civilian pay. Developed business relationships to improve communication between
departments.

SKILLS
* Quality Evaluation e Audit and Strategic Risk Management
e Oracle Business Intelligence ¢ Developments Monitoring
¢ Data Collection and Interpretation e Performance Analysis
¢ Report Preparation and Presentation e Team Training and Mentoring
Work History

01/2019 to Current Financial Management Analyst
General Services Admin — Chadds Ford, PA
e Assist with design of military pay systems compatible with regulatory requirements.
e Create and maintain precise and accurate models, charts and reports.
¢ Develop spreadsheet models for diverse projects and analysis.
¢ Consolidate data and materials for key leadership meetings.
* Solve complex problems for senior leadership to execute on-time projects.
e Solve financial problems with use of diverse analytical and modeling techniques.
e Present results of financial analyses to clients verbally and in written form.
e Run and analyze reports for executive team.
e Review pay data for accuracy and completeness, reconciled transactions and provide feedback.
© Help stakeholders make sound decisions by presenting information on general trends.
e Assess and interpret complex financial data and recommend optimal courses of action.
e Collaborate on projects with Human Resources, Military Pay and System Integrator experts.
e Serve as DFAS program liaison and support Enterprise Resource Planning (ERPs) throughout project lifecycle in
Services Integrated Personnel and Pay Systems (SIPPS).

08/2010 to 12/2018 Supervisory Financial Specialist
Department Of Defense — Galveston, TX

e Furnished requested financial data and reports to auditors and prepared analysis to support risk management.

* Contributed to equitable hiring process by interviewing and recommending best candidates to leadership positions.

e Executed financial assurance audits and implemented new control points and metrics to support business changes.

© Cultivated and strengthened relationships with new clients and educated clients on account services and
capabilities.

e Assisted clients in making beneficial and strategic decisions regarding investments, low-cash financing and
sourcing overseas partners.

© Managed team of 25+ finance professionals, with day-to-day responsibility for pay, travel, disbursing, reporting
and analysis across 3 military pay offices.

© Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

e Researched Department of Defense rules and regulations performed sensitivity analyses and compiled final reports
to deliver top-notch service to customers.

© Guided clients through compiling important financial histories and documentation for evaluation.

¢ Developed queries and performed analysis to optimize business intelligence.

11/1986 to 07/2010 Senior Financial Manager
Ho Chunk — Quantico, VA

¢ Developed annual budgets in collaboration with financial director.

e Drafted reports for leadership for use in strategic planning and decision making.

e Managed high volumes of financial activity in fast-paced, high risk-based environment.

e Managed finance-team using Defense Joint Military Pay System (DJMS), Defense Travel System (DTS).
Integrated Automated Travel System (LATS), and Regional Level Application Software (RLAS), entering and
organizing payroll and travel entitlements.

e Established budgetary benchmarks and formulated financial management strategies by researching operating and
historical financial records.

e Identified and investigated variances to budget plans and forecasts.

¢ Developed reporting for monthly executive reviews.

e Managed team of 25+ finance professionals, with day-to-day responsibility for pay, travel, disbursing, budgeting,
reporting and analysis.

e Drove analytics and data consistency with expanded reporting, analysis and forecasting support.

e Improved accuracy of payments with implementation of process improvements.

¢ Led financial planning and analysis by managing key metrics, analyzing data and providing support and insight for

strategic planning
EpucatIon
05/2007 MBA: Business Administration
Regis University Denver - Denver. CO
LANGUAGES

Spanish:
Negotiated: