MARTIN J. ARFMANN

Jacksonville, Florida 32256
(904) 519-5712 ¢ Email: arfmann@comcast.net

— SALEs & Marketinc Proressionat —
Sales Manager, Regional Manager, Account Executive, Business Development Director

Results-driven, accomplished, sales and business development professional with a 15 plus year record of
achievement and demonstrated success driving multi-million dollar sales growth. Gifted in maximizing the impact of
sales programs, forming mutually beneficial partnerships, and negotiating profitable agreements. Proven sales
leader who provides critical leadership to the corporation and executive team. Adept at locating, acquiring and
developing stellar sales teams. Demonstrated ability to learn and teach new concepts, easily adapt to change and
manage multiple simultaneous tasks. Effective team builder and leader who understands the necessity to develop
and train an effective staff.

CORE COMPETENCIES

@ Sales Methodology ¢ Training and Mentoring ¢ Contract Negotiation

# Strategic Planning Budgeting & Forecasting # Customer Relationships
Customer Retention # Team Building # Solution Selling Strategies
@ Project Management @ Process Planning # Sales Metrics

— SELECTED CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS —

Cultivated and fostered relationships with clients across the country.

Developed and implemented lead generations strategies to win preferred vendor status within targeted segments.
Spearheaded sales effort which resulted in closing sale with Prime Lending and ERA Dan Jones Property Management
Company with projected annual sales of $1 million.

Boosted Territory sales 40% for key manufacturers including Sloan Valve, Guardian Emergency Equipment and Powers Valve.
Constructed comprehensive cold calling initiative across numerous market verticals resulting in a 50% sales increase.
Elected to Board of Directors of the American Society of Plumbing Engineers.

Generated $200,000 in new business by introducing Sloan sensor products to Bank of America campus.

Forged relationships with key decision makers at clients including Sears, Home Depot, Safeway, Publix Super Markets, Taco
Bell, Pizza Hut, Bank of America, Florida Department of Corrections, University of Florida, Shands UF and many others.
Conducted training presentations to motivate new sales representatives.

Created comprehensive sales plans and client acquisition strategies to ensure success forall sales team members.
Instrumental in increasing brand rank for numerous firms.

Gained expert knowledge in the sourcing, development and coaching of top-performing sales representatives.

— PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY —

Executed detailed sales strategy to drive territorial and regional growth. Developed and directed client accounts. Ensured
client satisfaction. Negotiated product pricing with key decision makers at client accounts. Implemented time saving
processes to better focus energies on sales activities. Aligned sales team’s goals with overall corporate objectives. Educated
sales teams on selling strategies and client acquisition techniques. Penetrated large national accounts. Instrumental in
developing market-driven new products. Created sales strategies and developed business leads. Conceived and
implemented comprehensive presentations and proposals.