JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. 222/222-2222
City, State 00000 email@address.com
Management — Operations Support
PROFILE

Successful change agent and high-capacity operations manager with a solid track record of profitable
restaurant oversight, health & safety compliance, turnaround efforts and effective cost controls. Exceptional
background in general management, food & beverage services, quality assurance, executive reporting and
business operations in consumer-facing hospitality and multi-site restaurant environments.

> Proficient as a top performer, confident manager and team builder in driving multi-faceted operations,
controlling P&L and maximizing productivity, coordinating promotions and ensuring optimal customer
satisfaction.

> Significant record of detailed and timely reporting to the Department of Labour and Immigration, along
with full compliance with Workplace Safety & Health Division requirements.

> Entrepreneurial balance of organizational abilities, strategic decision-making, positive employee relations
and execution of large-scale operating budgets.

> Effective hiring, taining, deployment and development of top-notch talent at management, staff and
kitchen levels.

>» Self-motivated to achieve peak performance, maintain top quality standards, build top-performing teams
and meet aggressive business

> Multi-tasking talents in team building, organization, needs analysis, conflict resolution, creative
troubleshooting and attention to detail in rapidly-changing, upscale restaurant & hospitality environments.

>» Fully familiar with determining and managing food, labor and overhead costs through accurate business
forecasts and extensive market trend review.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Business Development @ Multi-Project Management e Relationship Building e Delegation « Competitive
Analysis e Consumer Relations e Problem Resolution e Team Building e Turnaround Operations e Contract
Negotiations « P&L/Budgeting e Cost Controls « Resource Allocation « Organizational Solutions

EMPLOYMENT & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Montana’s Cookhouse / Cara Operations Ltd., Winnipeg, MB 2001 ~ Present
General Manager

In charge of directing up to 3 managers, 16 kitchen staff and 40 wait staff in all levels of profitable restaurant
operations at this 250-seat location with $3 million in revenue. Deploy hands-on skills in business operations,
HR, culinary training, finance, payroll, promotions, menu planning, inventory tracking, cost controls and
positive relations with a demanding customer base. Hire, train, orient, promote and terminate employees in a
professional manner.

> Built a reputation for achieving the most accurate financials, meeting budget goals and maintaining low
turnover levels.

> Completed a 6-week management program, along with ongoing classes in coaching and employee
development strategies.

Area Kitchen Manager
Responsible for training staff, streamlining operations, troubleshooting critical isswes and performing store
audits for food quality & kitchen quality at all 6 company locations in Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan,