SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS ©

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION ©

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced manager with excellent client and Compliance and Risk Management skills. Action-oriented with
strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences.

« Operations management e« Cash handling

« Client-focused e Risk management expertise
« Computer proficient

e  File/records maintenance

« Training and development

« Spreadsheet development

RISK MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATE 05/2014 to CURRENT
Intl Festone | Amsterdam, NY

« Support Risk Management activities in accordance with the company's compliance training program,
risk policies and procedures.

« Coordinate information security and business continuity initiatives.

e Managed the vendor management process and system, including contracting and regulatory due
diligence; track contract expiration dates and facilitate renewal and terminations.

e Assist in the development of company-wide compliance and regulatory training and preparation of
training materials.

« Administered and coordinated the company's online compliance training system and tracked company-
wide compliance training.

« Conducted quarterly information security reviews, CIP reviews, Clean Desk Audits and report results/
recommendations to managers.

« Conducted compliance reviews within Deposit Support Services, Loan Support Services, and Trust &
Investment Management Support Services areas.

« Maintained the company's Disaster Recovery procedures and Business Continuity Plan Documents.

« Provide assistance with Internal and External compliance examinations; track documentation and Audit/
Exam responses within compliance tracking systems.

e Manage internal Risk Management/Compliance email box.

« Conduct research on compliance and regulatory matters.

CFIDIT COMPLIANCE ADMINISTRATOR 01/2013 to 05/2014
Four Seasons Hotels Inc | San Francisco, CA

e Reviewed Loan Requests to ensure compliance and coordinate with credit analysts and lenders to
obtain information and documentation.

e Established and fostered new and existing vendor business relationships when ordering and requesting
appraisals and appraisal reviews.

e Prepared Loan Committee materials; recorded and distributed minutes.

e Worked with Internal Loan Origination and Servicing teams.

e Assisted in Loan documentation preparation.

e Worked with Compliance Department to establish bank Guidelines on CRA, HMDA and other
Compliance and Audit regulated matters.

OFSRATIONS SPECIALIST/SYSTEM SUPPORT 01/2007 to 01/2011
Simmons Bank | Lake Village, AR

e Responsible for the implementation and set up of business and consumer client on line banking
applications, products and Treasury services.

e Responsible for security set up (passwords and user credentials) for new and existing employees.

e Performed quality control on deposit.

e account files to ensure compliance with regulations Performed internal reviews on ACH and wire
authorization forms to ensure compliance with bank policy and to ensure proper approval and signing
authority was obtained.

e Regularly reviewed and maintained deposit and operational procedures including OFAC, CIP. Deposit
Account Opening/Closing, Online Banking and ACH/Wire processes.

VACET MANAGER 10/2005 to 01/2007
Associated Bank | Savage, MN

e Responsible for the care of client's vehicles and personal property.
¢ Coordinated staff scheduling, and in new staff selection.
e Provided security and peace of mind.

ASOISTANT FINANCIAL CENTER MANAGER 04/2005 to 10/2005
First Fidelity Bank | Glendale, AZ

e Oversee Sales, Branch Operations and Branch Personnel.

e Served as Operations Trainer, ensuring strict adherence to policy and procedures as it pertained to
Branch Opening and Closing procedures: new client account products and services, ATM servicing and
other daily duties.

ASOISTANT BANK MANAGER 06/2003 to 04/2005
Interbank | El Reno, OK

e Delivered exceptional customer service and sales.

e Oversee daily branch operations including; Teller functions, new account opening functions, cash
ordering, and assisted clients with bank products and services.

e Ensured compliance with company policies and procedures.

BFCANCH MANAGER 08/2001 to 08/2002
First Fidelity Bank | Midwest City, OK

e Establish and maintain relationships with individual or business customers and provided assistance with
problems these customers may encounter.

e Planned, directed, and coordinated the daily activities of workers in the branch.

e Recruited new hires and oversee training programs.

e Network within communities to find and attract new business.

e Prepared financial or regulatory reports required by laws, and regulations.

e Prepared operational or risk reports for upper management analysis.

TECLER SUPERVISOR 10/2000 to 08/2001
Guaranty Bank And Trust | City, STATE

e Primarily responsible for the daily teller line operations.

e Provided training and assisted in coordinating staff scheduling.

e Performed quality control reviews on teller drawers and transactions to ensure compliance with related
laws and regulations.

AV© OF BRANCH OPERATIONS 07/2000 to 10/2000
Colonial Bank | City, STATE
e Responsible for the day to day supervision of the branch operations and staff.

BFLANCH MANAGER 07/1998 to 07/2000
TCF National Bank | City, STATE

e Responsible for all aspects of the branch operations, including limited loan functionality.

e Coordinated monthly branch sales promotions and incentive programs for several in-store branches.

e Coordinated new staff hiring and training.
e Responsible for compliance and regulatory adherence and oversight.

Certification | Pharmacy Technician AUG 2012
Front Range Community College, Westminster, CO

Ce_tification | CompTIA Hardware and Software 2012
Front Range Community College, Westminster, CO

Hig.» School Diploma JUN 7992

Cé_tification | Culinary Arts 1993
Minneapolis Technical , Minneapolis, MN

Cé_tification

« Customer Service

e Disaster Recovery

« New staff hiring

« Information Security

« Compliance policies and regulations
¢ Quality control

e Research

e Risk Management

« Vendor Management