SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

e Energetic, reliable, and skilled in high-end merchandise environments

¢ Personable and responsible manager with five combined years’ experience in retail and customer service.
e Hands-on go-getter who takes responsibility for tasks being accomplished

¢ resourceful and reliable to exceed expectations.

¢ Motivated team player with a strong work ethic and positive attitude.

e Highly effective in fast-paced work environments.

¢ Resourceful fast learner who can quickly incorporate new procedures to maximize efficiency and productivity.

HiGHLIGHTS

¢ Results-oriented

e Types 55 words per minute with minimal spelling, grammar, and

e Self-directed punctuation mistakes

e Excellent communication skills e Highly dependable with emphasis on integrity and respect for
¢ Strong organizational skills superiors

¢ Sharp problem solver e Adaptive team player

* Courteous demeanor e Visual merchandising proficiency

e Energetic work attitude e Accurate and detailed

¢ Proper phone etiquette ¢ Clean driving record

« Independent worker e Understands grammar, syntax, and punctuation

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Promoted to Customer Service Manager from a cashier after two months of employment, increasing responsibilities ten fold.
¢ Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
¢ Headed major sales events such as "Black Friday" and movie and video game premiers.

e Returned a woman her purse filled with cash, credit cards, cell phones without taking anything or expecting a reward.

¢ Reported suspicious activity when guests' personal items were going missing due to fellow associates.
¢ Reported additional suspicious activity when 40 top of the line Ipads went missing, ultimately leading in part to the arrest of the head of
security at a 226,000 sq. ft. Walmart Supercenter.

EXPERIENCE

2015 to Current

05/2014 to 2015

09/2011 to 04/2013

EpucaTIon

09

SKILLS

Management
Panera Bread Co — Blacksburg, VA
e Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
e Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, products, promotions and orders.
© Detailed knowledge of opening and closing procedures, including store set up, cleaning procedures in regards of
health safety, maintaining inventory
e Ensured all employees were in proper uniform and well equipped for their tasks
e Handled customer service and up-selling when plausible.
e Courteous and kind to customers with concerns to ensure a positive experience.

Customer Service Manager
Curbell Inc — Detroit, MI
e Started as a cashier at Quinton store, transferred to Varina store after two months, then promoted to CSM within
two weeks.
e Handled transactions in a timely and accurate fashion.
e Well-versed in ABC alcohol and tobacco laws.
e Handled large sums of money in money orders as well as lottery, in which a clear government-issued background
check was required.
¢ Secured tills to $200.00 each night and profits into password coded safe.
e Assisted in cleaning and zoning store at all times, as well as delegated tasks when needed.

Sales Associate
Scheels Sports — The Colony, TX
e Prevented store losses using awareness, keen attention to detail and personal integrity.
e Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.
* Conducted extensive online and phone research.
e Voluntarily cross-trained in seven different unrelated departments and provided back-up for other customer service
representatives when needed.
¢ Interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and expedited orders.
e Resolved product’policy issues and shared benefits of new technology.

Advanced Diploma

Denbigh High School - Newport News, VA

GPA: 27 various rewards for excellence. Became a member of the National Honor Society for junior and senior year as
well as made the "Who's Who of American High School Students" list GPA: 3.5

A member of Army JROTC for all 4 years, with emphasis on the Seven Army Values: Loyalty, Integrity, Selfless
Service, Personal Courage, Duty, Honor, Respect. Accomplished being the most decorated female cadet with 27 various
rewards for excellence. Became a member of the National Honor Society for junior and senior year as well as made the
"Who's Who of American High School Students" list. Achieved a GPA of 3.5, graduating with honors and NHS
banners. Did morning/afternoon announcements over the loud speaker to improve public-speaking skills.

¢ Strong attention to detail
e Customer service oriented

¢ Public-speaking
¢ High integrity

¢ Respect for superiors.

e Fast learner