Jessica CLAIRE

HEALTHCARE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 e resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Healthcare Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical
problem-solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires
and providing customized solutions to build loyalty. Understanding of HIPAA, ability to learn new software quickly.

Skills
e Budget and Records Management ¢ Document Oversight
e Archival Materials ¢ Understanding Customer Needs
« Customer Communication e Issue and Complaint Resolution
e Electronic Content Management e Teamwork and Collaboration
¢ Microsoft Word ¢ Attention to Detail
¢ Microsoft Excel e Maintaining Confidentiality
Work History

Records Management Specialist, 02/2022 to Current
Caci International Inc. — Dunkirk, MD
e Scanned paper documents into computer and assigned identification numbers to simplify tracking process.
e making sure the scanned document an exact copy of the original hard copy document, per V-QMS-051206, Good Documentation
practices.
¢ Resubmitted claims after editing or denial to achieve financial targets and reduce outstanding debt.
¢ Promoted efficient document processing by maintaining orderly and clean control room.
¢ Utilized Ephesoft Transact to scan and clean up project documents.
¢ Verified client information by analyzing existing evidence on file.
e Adhered to established procedures for handling sensitive and classified documents to retain chain of custody integrity.
¢ Developed and edited template contracts with changes in company's service lines or new development.
¢ Gathered, reviewed and input True Copy Verification approval reports each day using Alfresco software
¢ Collaborated across departments and levels of management to gain consensus on procedural documentation.
e Identified areas of weakness and recommended or implemented process improvements.
e Managed file archival and information retrievals.
e Assisted with document troubleshooting and recovery of corrupt documents and files.
¢ Reviewed document management protocols and user activities against internal records policies and document management
standards.
¢ Converted documents from one application to another.

e Contacted document requestors and obtained additional information required to process document requests.’

Patient Experience Coordinator, 12/2019 to 01/2022
Common Spirit — Gold River, CA
¢ Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.
e Answered patient assistance calls, assessed needs and offered qualified support.
e Obtained patient vital signs and reported results to staff nurse or physician, noting changes from prior measurements.
e Maximized patient satisfaction by helping individuals carry out personal tasks such as dressing and walking.
e Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant symptoms.
¢ Supported patient admissions, discharges and transfers to promote team productivity.
¢ Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records.
¢ Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals.
e Taught patients and families to use at-home medical equipment.
¢ Kept current with literature and felid advancements to advocate to and for patients.
¢ Maintain high standards of Confidentiality to safeguard and protect Patient's Right and comply with all company and facilities
policies and HIPPAA regulations.
e Organized patient records and database to facilitate information storage and retrieval.
¢ Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care
delivery.
e Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.
¢ Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.
e Offered simple, clear explanations to help clients and families understand hospital policies and procedures.
¢ Worked with patients to ascertain issues and make referrals to appropriate specialists.

e Recommended service improvements to minimize recurring patient issues and complaints.

Data Entry Specialist, 10/2013 to 11/2019
Qve, Inc. — Rocky Mount, NC
¢ Compiled data and reviewed information for accuracy prior to input.
¢ Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
e Entered numerical data into databases with speed and accuracy using 10-key pad.
¢ Managed workflow scheduling, data entry and accuracy verification for large data projects.
e Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and database information to maintain accurate records.
¢ Identified data entry errors and reported to necessary departments.
¢ Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.
¢ Corrected data entry errors to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.
¢ Managed documents by organizing forms, making photocopies, filing records, preparing correspondence and creating reports.
¢ Compiled monthly budget reports, financial spreadsheets and organizational charts to support business operations and improve
office organization.
¢ Drafted reports for upper management as directed.
¢ Executed data verification to detect errors.
¢ Produced monthly reports using advanced Excel spreadsheet functions.
¢ Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Supported multiple departments with special projects.
e Reviewed completed work for compliance with regulations.
¢ Investigate discrepancies as they arise.

* review and file documents using internal systems and email.

Inventory Clerk, 01/2013 to 09/2013
Sonoco — Wilson, NC

¢ Completed physical inventory counts each month.

¢ Recorded information, shortages and discrepancies to keep records current and accurate.

¢ Maintained inventory count, tracked usage and documented variances.

¢ Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to
vendors.

¢ Kept documentation and records accurate and up-to-date with latest data to prevent errors in processing or delivery.

¢ Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address
inaccuracies.

¢ Verified incoming products and checked delivery totals to keep system records current and accurate.

¢ Marked stock items with identification tags, stamps, electric marking tools or other labeling equipment.

¢ Maintained strong vendor connections by arranging pricing and delivery structures and managing specific shipment or
paperwork concerns.

¢ Recorded adjustments, pallet audits and tracked discrepancies.

* Verified contents of inventory loads against Bills of Lading.

¢ Completed scheduled inventory counts and supply audits to track shrinkage and inform purchasing decisions.

¢ Administered inventory network, controlled stockroom procedures and supervised warehouse administration exercises.

¢ Developed master production schedule to satisfy production demand while carrying minimum active inventory for just-in-time
manufacturing.

¢ Taking inbound phone calls regarding inventory.
Education

Bachelor of Science: Health Information Technology, 03/2024
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH