JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly experienced in logistics and supply management, both international and domestic. Coordinated MRAP program for the US military.
Very knowledgeable of government and government contractor operations. I have supervised over 500 personnel during my military career.
Proven ability to successfully oversee multiple projects simultaneously with excellent communication and interpersonal skills; effectively
collaborates and fosters quality relationships with all levels of staff. Audits Reporting Consulting Project Management Training /
Development Policy Development Presentations Customer Service Distribution Inventory Management Logistics Procurement / Purchasing
QC / QA Vendor Relations Cost Reduction Process Improvement Scheduling Risk Management OSHA / Regulatory Compliance Hazmat
Certified Communication

HiGHuiGcHTs

Microsoft Office Suite Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visual
Basic, Web Site Design,
Effective team leader,
HAZMAT handling.

Trained in emergency response,
C Security Clearance.
Equipment maintenance
Supply and logistics planning
Extremely organized

Data management

Strong verbal communication
Strong verbal communicator

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Standard Army Maintenance SystemEnhanced SAMS-E AWRDS Army War Reserve Deployment System PBUSE Property Book Unit
Supply Enhanced Network Fundamentals and Local Area Network HAZMAT, NBC Resume Jessica Claire - Page 3 - TRAINING
Maintenance Readiness, Standard Army Maintenance System (SAMS), SAMS-E, SAMS-1E, AWRDS, PBUSE, ULLS G Computer
Information Systems, Supply Management Policies, Standard Operating Procedures, Direct Support Maintenance, Web Site Designs,
Java, Computer Software, Computer Peripherals, Network Fundamentals, Local Area Network (LAN), PMCS.,.

¢ Organizational Maintenance, Class IX Repair Parts, Integrated Logistic Analysis Program (ILAP), PLDC, BNOC..

e Shipping and Receiving, Data Files Management, Customer Relations, Team Building, Maintenance Management.

* Policies & Procedures, Training & Development, Logistical Planning, Inventory Management, Major End items, and Acquisition
Procedures, Supply and Services Support.

EXPERIENCE

2011 to 09/2013 SAMS-E Clerk/Logistics Management Specialist
SAIC/LEIDOS — City, STATE

.

e Assisted Deputy Site Lead by managing the Standard Army Maintenance System-Enhanced (SAMS-E).

© Coordinated work order status, procurement and inventory of parts.

e Prepared reports in relation to the MRAP vehicles for repairs, upgrades, battle damage and sustainment.

e Assigned tasks and man-hours to specific work orders.

e Picked up vehicular parts and office supplies from Supply Support Activities.

e Received and processed customer pick up list through the SAMS-E.

© Delivered all processed parts to each individual skilled mechanic.

e Generated 12 to 15 reports, compiled all reports into Excel, entered mathematical formula to pull specific database.

e Participated in weekly conference call meetings to discuss project status, safety topics, and to share idea.

e Had regular meetings with the Deputy Site Lead to update and discuss budgeting, upcoming project, current
project, recently closed projects, and all cancel MRAP vehicular parts.

e Trained new employees on the SAMS-E system, day-to-day responsibilities, and step-by-step procedures on
running the daily reports and how to communicate the weekly updates to supervisor.

¢ Independently managed the SAMS-E system and communicated necessary project status/parts to 20 mechanics
working on military MRAPS.

e Achievements: Received 3 Commander Unit coins from Supporting Activities Certificate of Appreciation in
recognition of Superior Service.

06/2009 to 11/2010 Supply Technician Logistics
AECOM/AC FIRST — City, STATE

© Operated and managed Standard Army Maintenance System and PBUSE: created status reports based on MRAP
vehicular parts and work orders open in the SAMS-E.

e Interact directly with US Army personnel on open work orders for MRAP vehicles in need of battle damage repairs
of sustainment. Ordered, processed and closed work orders for all MRAP vehicles through the SAMS-E.

e Operated and managed Army War Reserve Deployment System (AWRDS) for all weapons repair and tracking of
parts.

e Generated status reports based on artillery weapons work orders open in AWRDS.

© Ordered, processed and closed work orders for all weapons through the AWRDS.

¢ Compiled all reports into Excel, entered mathematical formula to pull specific database on due dates, waiting time
for parts, project closed date, project open date and essential parts.

e Participate in regular meetings to discuss project status, safety and idea sharing.

e Trained personnel and managed the SAMS-E system and communicated project status to 45 mechanics working on
military MRAP vehicles.

06/1987 to 06/2009 Supply and Logistics Management Specialist
UNITED STATES ARMY

e Served as Production Controller in Jacksonville, Florida ensuring daily automated transaction diskettes with
SAMS-1E and SARSS-L

e Conducted bi-monthly reconciliations, opened new work orders, changed status, ordered parts for jobs.

e Established and implemented maintenance plans.

e Enhanced knowledge of material control processes such as packing. cleaning preservations, containers,
environmental controls, marking, and labeling coordination with DOL/USPFO/SMM concerning critical shortages
of repair parts.

¢ Processed requests for supplies and services from customers to supply support activity and contracting office.

e Maintained status of requests for supplies, services and equipment that have been submitted.

¢ Developed and implemented procedures and techniques to achieve and maintain smooth, efficient, and coordinated
support to customers.

e Prepared and maintained necessary documentation for any applicable locally managed, recurring contracts.

e Contacted procurement offices and vendors and ensured completion of work and customer satisfaction.

e Reviewed requests, ensuring authorizations and funds are in accordance with fiscal year funding plan.

e Analyzed repair technique and developed control procedures and policies to ensure program accomplishment and
meeting deadlines.

e Prepared requisition, logs information on automated systems, kept customers advised or request status, and served
as the agency liaison with Logistics Services.

e Reviewed inventory adjustments, reports of survey, and reports of operational breakage for format, completeness,
validity and acceptability of supporting evidence.

e Determined if property is excess and/or if it should be redistributed.

¢ Coordinated with appropriate agencies regarding the storage of excess equipment.

Followed established methods, procedures, and requirements for effective storage, distribution and protection of
supplies and equipment.

¢ Performed justifications, cost analysis, and trend analyses for vehicle performance and maintenance issues, and
related expenses in development and implementation of SOPs for vehicle maintenance using best known practices.

e Performed other duties as assign.

Logistics Management Specialist: Responsible for conducting overall supply operations, procurement, storage, and

distribution of supplies and equipment.
e Performed as in-house expert on a range of procurement and supply actions from initial requirements determination
to acceptance of product.
Performed all aspects of technical supply management operations.
Managed the proper designation of all hand receipt holders ensuring that a hand receipt holder is identified for each
DAIG element, on orders, and trained in the basic responsibilities of the duty.
Tracked departures of all HR holders to ensure proper inventories are conducted and new HR holders are assigned
by appropriate DAIG leadership.
e Furnished guidance to hand receipt holders and supply personnel regarding accountability.
Implemented program regulations, policies, and requirements applicable to all supply functions ensuring
compliance with applicable DOD, DA and local command regulations and directives.
Performed quality control procedures for all supplies and equipment.

Reviewed transactions and ensured that accounting documents are correct and in compliance with governing
regulations.

Ensured daily automated transaction diskettes with SAMS1 and SARSS-L, conducted bi-monthly reconciliations,
opened new work orders, changed statuses, ordered parts for jobs, and sending and receiving daily status to and
from customers.

Assisted with Class IX funding, production problems, and work planning, ensuring all reports were run on time
with no more than 5% error factor.

Performed justifications, cost analysis, and trend analysis for vehicle performance and maintenance issues, and
related expenses in the development and implementation of SOPs for vehicle maintenance using best-known

practices.

Performed property inventory and property management functions including operation of automated bar-code
scanning equipment.

e Analyzed repair methods and developed control procedures and policies.

Assisted with Class IX funding, production problems, and work planning, ensuring all reports were ran on time
with no more than 5% error factor.

EpucaTIon

2015 Bachelors Degree: Computer Information Systems
Los Angeles Trade Technical College - Los Angeles, California
Computer Information Systems

SKILLS

Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Visual Basic, Web Site Design, Hazmat, First Responder,