Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com
Website : www, dwikresume,com
Staff Mechanical Engineer Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Comprehensive experience in global developrnent and manufacturing of consumer electronics,
home appliance and industrial products working with countries such as China, Japan, Singapore,
Taiwan, France, Finland, Korea, Gerrnany and Brazil, Engineering Leader with a proven success In
motivating and leading tearns and building cohesive mutti-cultural, mult+functional relationships,

SKILLS

ProE, Solidworks, FMEA, Plastics Design And Tooling, Sheetrnetal Design, Project Managernent,
Engineering Management, Project Management, Supply Chain Management, Supplier
Management, DFM / DFA,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Turtle Beach - June 2013 - 2020
» Acted as interface with Marketing, Industrial Design and Corporate Management for
developrnent direction of new headsets.
Worked directly with Asian manufacturing and design facilities.
* Extensived involvement in the areas of plastics, alurninurn die cast, soft goods, decoration
and acoustics.
* Responsible for maintaining the quality and cost targets,
* Approved all tooling and maintain documentation to track the tooling life cycle.
+ Created Turtle Beachs first development process spelling out mechanical requirements,
general timelines and basic quality process.
+ Designed 4 new Interferometer to replace one based on an obsolete camera.

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2013
* Mechanical / Electrical lead responsible for the development of DSL Central Office
components, mechanical tooling and electrical board layout.
» Staff level engineer brought in to develop new products.
* Hold sole responsibility for all mechanical desian of cornponents Including headers, pins,
assembly and test fixturing andthe physical PCA,
* Design board layout using PADS working directly with electrical engineering,
* Transition products into manufacturing in China.
+ This ls Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
* This ls Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering - (Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines