SUE SMITH
ADDRESS, PHONE
1 pack
——— ee
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING PROFESSIONAL

Cost Efficient Design ‘Assessment & Design Improvement
Creative Design / Project Management / Analytical Software
ne nee |

A dynamic, tear spirited and performance driven engineering professional with an oxtraordinary blend of
leadership, business, and manufacturing industry knowedge, Recognized for keen ability to improve component
designs, increase officlency, and decrease the noed for re-engineering. Ability to communicate and motivate team
mombors to enhance strategic goals and bottom line objectives. Creative problem solving and troubleshooting
skills complemented by meticulous and creative detail to drawings and hs rT

Core Competenci

Efficiency Improvements Creative Problem Solving Database Management
Product Improvement Multi Project Coordination Assessment / Design / Implementation
ASME & ISO Standards Root Cause Analysis Validation

Highlights of Emp

Employer 2001 to Present
Engineering Rotation position allowing experience in several different positions throughout the Landing Gear Division.
Design Engineer, November 2004 to Present and August 2002 to January 2003
» Leader of pin specimen project for HVOF coating cohesion testing for F-35 landing gear system, coordinating with
materials managements and procurement to ensure all standards are mel within deadiina and budget constraints.
>» Serves as department liaison coordinating projects and communicating design changes with product engineering,
manufacturing, procurement, program management, and various other personnel as needed.
> Assisted senlor design engineers in creation of proposals for fortune 100 companies.
> Coordinated efforts with V-22 project engineer working with component design, preparing drawing release, and bill
of matorials for all now / re-designed parts.

ayeee Engineer, Fobruary 2003 to October 2004
Performed anatysis and maintained database for static, fatgue, and fracture analysis of F-35 structural components
of main and nose landing gear using pro-existing ANSYS analysis macros.
>» Ensured proper static analysis for repalt and overhaul material review tags to verify structural acceptability for in-
use, non-production planes and helicopter gears.
» Solely responsible for accurately incorporating ‘and updating F-35 fatigue files with new customer supplied load
information,

Product Engineer, February 2002 to July 2002
> Proviied technical support to all commercial and mibtary landing gear programs.
>» Served as company liaison communicating wilh suppliers, vendors, and shop floor parsonnel.
» Created drawing change notifications, new bill of materials, and assisted in design for customer proposed changes.

Other Rotation Positions:

Tost Enginoor, August 2001 to January 2002
Sorvice Enginoor, February 2001 to July 2001

School, Independence, OH
Masters of Business Administration — Currently Pursuing Degree

School, OH

Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineoring Technology

Computer Proficiencios:
* Catia V5 * MalthCAD © Cracks2000 «© SmarTeam
* ANSYS « FORTRAN « Excel .

« Word « PowerPoint « Avto-Cad .