Mechanical Project Engineer Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Mechanical Engineering professional with exceptional levels of expertise, Strong technical,
analytical, leadership, and communication skills with practical experience in engineering.

Autocad, Inventor, SolidWorks, Matlab, Simulink, Labview, MS Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, MS
Project.

Work Experience

Mechanical Project Engineer
Giorgio Foods Inc. - October 2010- 2019

.

Manage a variety of capital Improvements and major repair operational effectiveness and
efficiency.

Perform project goal and scope definition, capital cost, project planning, and scheduling.
Coordinate with vendors outside contractors, scope, schedule, and budget.

Manage project installation, star-up, operating personnel.

Develop and implement cost-effective manufacturing processes, with product specifications
and quality standards.

Research and assess the application of beneficial technologies, processes,

Provide technical consultation, assistance, and leadership to cornpllance standards that are
adhered to on all jobs:

Mechanical Project Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Project management for small capital and expense projects, ranging frorn $2K to $5 00K,
within the crass- functional area operating tearn.

Turnaround project coordination for 2004 Crude/Platformer turnaround, including cost
tracking, package Issuance and monitoring far over fifty small capital and expense projects,
Responsible for day-to-day maintenance engineering responsibilities for 23 operating units,
Including fixed and rotating equipment, as well as heaters and all other operating equipment,
Worked closely with the fixed and rotating equiprnent reliability engineers to address
reliability issues within operating units.

Participated In unit Process Hazard Analyses, and completed all required P&ID updates
resulting from such,

Two month assignment as ternporary PSM coordinator, including administration of Knowledge
Management System (electronic Management of Change, Incident Investigation and Process
Hazard Analysis Recommendation tracking program).

NOTABLE Leadership Texas Power Pipeline, April 2010,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines