WORK
EXPERIENCE

2020-05 - PRESENT

2004-02 - 2007-03

GE AVIATION
2002-02 = 2004-01

MICHAEL HAYES woes

SR. MECHANICAL ENGINEER emalommaicom

Over 1s years experience in engineering support of operations and maintenance of mucloar power plants, including both
NSSS.and BOP systems inchxing turbine_ generator and cortrol systems as well as Emergency Diesel Generators
Experiment in all design stages of a product. from research. development. and manufacture to instalation and final
commissioning Possessing a good team spirit, deadline and buxiget orientated.and having the ability to produce according to
the technical specifications fromthe requirements Good problern solving and troubleshooting skills

Sr. Mechanical Engineer

« Developinga detailed understanding of the assigned systerns) technical and boensing reqarements. as well as
matrhenance and operation practices to ensure optimal system performance

« Martainingan dwaseness of technical issues. design changes. performance problems. operating experience issues, work
oxders. long-Leem Improvements plans, etc associated with assigned systerns. Ensuring they are provitized and planned in
atimety manner

© Providing technical assistance and input to the olher departments regarding sy stem protiems, design changes.
Procedures. and testing

© Monitoring and evaluating system performance and initiating corective actons as necessary

© Mairtaining overall responsiiity for monitoring and trending progams as they apply to assigned systems These
programs may include but are not Emited to. IST Maienenance Rule. Appendix J, MOV Heat Exchanger thermal
performance testing

Mechanical Test Engineer

© Orected shipyard craft and inspected personnel in the construction and overhaul of plant systems Directed shipyard
technicians and plarted opeetors in the performance testing of al systems

© Prepared documentation for certification and acceptance

+ Analyzed plant system malfunctions and designed problems in order to determine and initiate corrective actions.

Manufacturing Engineer

¢ Establishedand supervised manufacturing tine for GST series Scribe Broakequipment

© Designed and docurnented machine standards and benchmark for the scribe and cleave processes
« Cevelopedtest procecktes toensure ful machine capablity.

© instructed and trained shop personnel for manufacturing and peovided Field Service support

Mechanical Designer internship

« Supported the engineering teams of equipment and trains structuse departments

© Oevolopedand designed simple parts and mechanisms supervised by a senior engineer
« Monitored structural tests andtook defections chta for later analysis by the engineers

« Internship work report

Bachelor of Science

@eeeeoeeoeeoeeesde CAD @eeeeeoeoeoe28ce
« Finite Elemerts Analyse « Autocad™ © Solkworks™
@eeeooeoeoea ee RENDERING @eeeeeeoeoeea2ede
Failure Mode and Effects Analyses « Copate photoroalisen images

@@eee 26 © @ @ @ @ MACHNEsECURTY @eeeeeeoeeeses
© Goornetric Dirnensioning and Tolerance © CEMarking Machine drecthe
Stack up aralysts 2006/42/06

e@eeeeseseeeesoe QUALITY @eeeeeseoeee2s