Steven Piper | Mechanical Engineer

Florida
oe 305-509-6995

& spiper@icloud.com

Professional Profile

A resourceful Mechanical Engineer with the ability to supervise construction activities, lead mechanical functions, and carry
out the accurate review of engineering submittals.

Demonstrates profound knowledge of infrastructure projects and is experienced in tracking the progress of mechanical
functions and the implementation of recovery plans to achieve contractual deadlines and milestones. Highly skilled in the
review and approval of method statements, material submittals, drawings, and inspections, as well as testing plans for
construction activities. A recognized leader with the ability to provide adept supervision to site inspectors to ensure the
accurate completion of site inspections pertaining to mechanical works. Committed to continuous site surveillance and the
execution of site visits to ensure compliance with stipulated contractual project specifications and OHS regulations.

Core Skills

* Construction management

Team leadership

* Infrastructure projects * Engineering management

* Site inspections * Safety management

* Engineering submittals * Mechanical works/ functions

* Contract management * Health & safety
Career Summary
May 2016 - Present Stantec, Florida

Mechanical Engineer

Outline

Working for an international professional services company in the design and consulting industry, Managing a small team of
12 installation engineers and 1 supervisor to oversee the mechanical works for a 12km underground tunnel across the
highway; reporting directly to the Project Director.

Key Responsibilities
. Administering the technical review of contractor's engineering submittals pertinent to mechanical works in
relation to project specification
. Supervising construction activities and tracking the progress of mechanical functions
. Collaborating with contractors to implement recovery plans to achieve contractual deadlines and milestones
° Ensuring ongoing compliance to stipulated contractual specifications, SE requirements and regulations via
continuous site surveillance
. Composing draft letters related to planned mechanical works for the contractor or client
Key Achievements
. Improved upon the efficiency of the review cycle approval process for contractor submittals, taking the process
from 2 weeks to 1 working day; decreasing admin costs by $15,000.
* Successfully led the timely completion of all mechanical activities to facilitate the opening of the tunnel for

public use; completed 2 months ahead of schedule and $10,000 under budget.

Page 1