Mechanical Design Engineer

Jason Jacobs

City, State - 000-000-0000

Summary

email@email com

Mechanical engineer with more than seven years of experience providing technical design direction on hardware, mechanical products,
machine parts and components for global ISO manufacturers. Proficient at creating detailed mechanical drawings for piece parts and
assemblies from Solidworks/NX models. Adept in maximizing form, fit and function through meticulous design model evaluation. Backed
by advanced skills in DFM best practices and ERP systems and database/data-storage programs.

Work Experience
Mechanical Design Engineer 2010-05 - Present
NASA

e Preparing the bill of materials.

e Traveling to the project site when necessary to take physical
measurements required to complete requested designs.

e Overseeing mechanical design phases from concept through the
production.

e Weighing cost constraints while preparing project design
schedules.

e Collaborating with a senior mechanical engineer on large scale
projects.

e Confirming compliance with design standards.

Design and Development Engineer 2007-03 - 2010-04

Google

e Managed all phases of the design process for a multitude of
products, components, parts, assemblies, and subassemblies,
including drafting, dimensioning, tolerancing, prototyping and
documenting results.

e Commended for strengths in defining, assessing and satisfying
complex product functional specifications and
manufacturability concerns.

e Designed innovative component/module replacements for
existing machinery that improved functioning and extended the
life of equipment thought to be obsolete for a fraction of the total
replacement cost.

e Developed new assemblies that accelerated the client
production line speed by up to 25%.

e Became the go-to expert on evaluating design models for ISO,
and form-fit-function compliance.

e Saved money in costly rework through careful design review
that identified flaws in new subassembly and parts models prior
to production.

Junior Design Engineer 2003-03 - 2007-02
GE Aviation

e Learned design and uses of Life Safety Net 2000, Edwards
Signature series & Wheelock Fire protection devices.

e Created submittal packages of riser drawings, wiring details,
panel drawings, as-built (Data Gathering Panel, Strobe panel,
modules, etc.) with the use of Contract Sales Administrator
software.

Education

Bachelors of Mechanical Engineering 1999 - 2003

California Institute of Technology

Skills
Microsoft Office Suite

EO OE lll ler et
e Word e Outlook

e Excel e PowerPoint

e Access

Energy Conservation Measures

e Boiler Tuning
e Efficient Lighting & Aquastat Temperature Reduction

AutoCAD Associate and Professional

e 2D Drafting & Simulation

CORE COMPETENCIES

Keyshot, Coreldraw

Seven Quality Control Tools

Design Of Experiments (DOE)

Statistical Process Control (SPC)

Autocad, Solidworks, CATIA, NX-CAD
Measurement System Analysis

Failure Mode & Effect Analysis

Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerance (GD&T)

Interests

Yoga

Traveling

Machine Learning
Personal Development
Environmental Protection