Senior Mechanical Engineer Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Consultant Website; www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin:
ROBERT SMITH fddieesLzs) Mantodis Read
Alabarna,

Objective

A dedicated senior Mechanical Engineer skilled in a variety of engineering environments and
capacities including product development mechanical design, electronics packaging, automated
equipment, solid modeling, production documentation, project management, manufacturing and
machine shop processes. Utilizes strong organizational, planning, communication, analytical and
problern solving skills to Improve operational efficiency and achieve organizational goals.

Skills

Solidworks, microsoft office,

Work Experience

Senior Mechanical Engineer Consultant
ABC Corporation - Novernber 2003 - Decernber 2009
* Provided mechanical design and analysis in support of various projects for various customers
Lead Project Engineer of the design tearn inthe development of an lon bearn measurement

and calibration device for use in serniconductor manufacturing equipment.
Traveled to customer site to define project scope and requirements, generated conceptual
design meeting the customers requirernents and design restrictions, held design reviews and

reported progress on a regular basis.
Refined the design and perforrned modal and therrnal analysis as needed to insure system

performance and reliability.
Generated some Samp; reviewed all piece part and assembly drawings.

Designed and documented lift / installation tooling.
Generated BOMs and assisted procurernent as needed in sourcing parts Samp; materials for

prototype,
Performed detailed tolerance analysis study on a customer designed server chassis to Insure

there would be no assembly issues.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2000 - 2003

* Prepared mechanical systerns design, including cooling and heating load calculations, systern
layout, mechanical equipment selection, and specifications.

* Lewis and Clark Cormmunity College, Godfrey, Illinois Designed HVAC systern for anew School
of Nursing bulldina,

* Other buildings served by the chilled water and hot water plants were the Math-Science, and
Commons Buildings,

* Total project costs were estimated at approximately {] Lewis and Cl ark Community, N.O,

* Nelson Carmpus Edwardsville, Illinois Desianed HVAC systern for an expansion of a college
campus involved the renovation of an historic building and consisted of a VAV air handling
unit and terminals with hot water colls to provide space temperature control.

* Project scope also included expansion of existing chilled water plant and cooling tower

Capacity.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines