Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Lead Mechanical Engineer Website : worow.qudisresuims, Com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Over 5 years of experience as program manager/principal investigator for multiple programs, cost
account manager for earned value management systems (EVMS) programs ranging in size from
$100k to over $15M.

SKILLS

Pro Engineer, Solidworks, Pro Mechanica, Ansys, Microsoft Project.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Mechanical Engineer
General Atomics - March 2010 - 2019

.

“_* ©

Reviewed and optimized designs for cost effectiveness, ranufacturability, and design quality,
Designed precision opto-mechanical components.

Met with vendors and determined mechanical requirements for optical components,

Lead engineer for electronics components on radar program.

Responsible for design, analysis, and assernbly procedure,

Led effort to test girnbal bearing in environrnental charnber.

Tested bearing to ensure it met requirements in extreme temperatures and dust environment.

Lead Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2010

Managed developrnent projects from concept to launch with M gate process Scheduled,
coordinated, lead, and managed Product design and Product Developrnent activities for
multiple Telecommunication products, including two way radios.

Responsible for perforrnance review of direct reports Assigned tasks, monitored progress and
trained other engineers for problern solvirig,

Approved technical solution; resolved technical Issues and reported technical progress
Represented the departrnent in staff meetings with senior management, weekly program
review meetings, and quality assurance meetings and addressed any mechanical issues
and/or concerns.

Participated Im New Product Release and Monthly Prograrn Review Meetings,

Prepared Project Baselines and manage Projects frorn start to finish using Microsoft Project.
Interacted with Marketing, Internal manufacturing, quality and supply chain department,
overseas manufacturing, suppliers and customers.

This iS Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION

MS In Business Administration - 201 0(University of Colorado - Denver, CO)

OC This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings