ROBERT SMITH
Senior Mechanical Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Over twelve years of hands-on experience in integrating electrical and mechanical systems, | have
a thorough understanding of the practical application of mechanical engineering principles and
concepts. Working in teams to define and fulfill operational requirements, | have designed and
developed research prototypes, tested systems, and designed products and equipment for
manutacturing that exceed customer expectations.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Excel at early stage concept design, brainstorming,.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - November 2015

Key Deliverables:

» Managed the mechanical engineering depanment Research and analyze customer design
proposals; specilications, manuals to evaluate the feasibility, cost, and maintenance
raquirements ‘of designs and applications.

« Research, design and evaiuate mechanical products, equipment, systems and processes
to meet requirements, applying knowledge af engineering principles.

» Specily system components or direct modification of existing products to ensure
conlormanoe with engineering design and performance speciticatians,

« Assis! engineers in the design of products,

= Provide feedback to senior engineers on customer problems and needs.

» Write operation manuats for product development and engineering projects;

» Conduct research that tests and analyzes the feasibility, design, operation and
performance of equipment, components and systems,

Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2015

Key Deliverables:
» for major projects such as Hilton Nigeria Phase |i Design a Replacement -Transcom.
* Marina 101 Tower.
* Quay towers-EM AAR Daima Mail-Abu Dhabi,
* Energy Centre-Dubal,
» Adnoc Laboratories-Abu Dhabi,
» AlAmeeara Village.
* Computer Microsoft office (Excel, wor & Power Point).

EDUCATION

ile
2259 Oak Strecl. Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines