Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Mechanical Engineering Manager Website : wornw.quilkresums, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Highly successful track record of engineering accornplishments. Diplomatic and tactful with
professionals and non-professionals at all levels. Highly effective at cormmunicating and gaining
agreement with senior leadership, peers and subordinates. Accustomed to handling large, small
and multiple projects,

SKILLS

Solidworks, Supervising Skills, Communication Skills,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineering Manager
ABC Corporation - 2023 - 2013

Supervised two Engineers, one Designer and one Draftsman in the design of custom material
handling equipment and high density warehousing.

Managed systern installations at the customers site;

Led a Continuous Improvernent team which reduced 2507 press set-up frorn four hours to 30
minutes,

Implemented cellular technologies which eliminated multiple forge furnaces and material
handling moves.

Supervised all engineers and contractors.

Maintain contact with customers, assemblers, machinists, and outside vendors,

Assist Application and Proposal departrnents in preparing custamer quotes,

Mechanical Engineering Manager
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2013

Pro-e designed sheet metal parts for Telecom/Networking products Directed a tearm of 9
engineers to develop diverse Networking products Led ,

Coordinated outside service providers for thermal and Tolerance analysis of products Directed
outside vendors for product procurement.

Santa Clara, California 1989 to 1993 Manufacturer of thermal forcing systems used to test
semiconductor chips Mechanical Engineering Manager.

Managed collaboration for a tearm comprised of 30 Iron Workers, Motor Inspectors, and
Millwrights,

Contributed to development of a Blast Furnace that saved $80K per year over natural gas
Injection system,

Optimized productivity of single and multimillion dollar projects in various developmental
stages.

Crested analytic risk methods to predict machine breakdowns and reduce maintenance cost.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Sclence

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings