ROBERT SMITH
Mechanical Engineer (Lead)

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

8+ years of experience as a Mechanical Engineer. Looking to obtain a career that will
utilize my skills as well as to enhance my abilities to the best I can be, a career that will
develop my personality in the race for the success of the company and myself,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Solidworks, Matlab, Mathcad, Autocad, Prototyping. Manufacturing
Process Design, Fabrication, R&D, and Standard Manufacturing Processes.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer (Lead)
ABC Corporation - February 2013 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Analyzing the existing design to assist in the development of system requirements,

* Designing the fuel delivery system based upon existing design. tailored to
customers requiremerits.

* Designing a compressed air delivery system based upon existing design, tailored
lo customers requirements,

» Aiding in the development of ancillary systems including CCTV, electrical. and
data and controls,

® Developing retrofit for thrust frame mounting plates and thrust restraint fixture,

* Developing detailed technical data package in accordance with ASME y14.100.
ASME y 14.5, ASME y 14-24 and military standards,

» Presenting design and engineering rationale for sub-systems at PDR and CDR,

Project Manager
ABC Corporation - December 2011 - January 2013

Key Deliverables:

® Sélected component materiais, valves. instrumentation, and other assemblies to
meet customers specifications and process requirements,

* Coordinated with the production manager to ensure customer requests were met,

* Resolved any oulstanding lssues with procurement, manufacturing, and design to
reduce the effect on overall cost and schedule.

s Created design drawirigs and spectiications that manufacturers used or
purchased which translated Into new products,

» Perform system verilication program and complete the loop test and grr and to
obtain mass production repeatability and stability of 2%.

* Desitned and created the prototype of a novel concept beating /refrigeration unit.

® Developed software packages with visual basic in the areas of experimental
control, data collection, and analysis:

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines