Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website > wovw.cwikre sume, corm

Mechanical Engineering Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume

Technician/Representative Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY

Position of a Mechanical Engineer, seeking a position within & company that will allow strong
technical, communication, and leadership skills and that will offer an opportunity for
advancement.

SKILLS

Significant background with manual machine shop equipment. Extensive background with
custorn fabrication work.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineering Technician/Representative
ABC Corporation - October 2008 - October 2011

* Trained to operate the screen-printing operations for dials and pointers.

* Then gradually transitioned into the role of Test equipment bulld expert where used
fabrication and electro,

* skills to design, bulld, and wire Test equiprnent to be used for production.
Repaired test equipment as well as working on development have since gone onto bea
massively successful product line.
Have gained an extensive knowledge of electronics and electrical cornponents,

» As well as furthered mechanical knowledge and fabrication.

* Able to read and draw schematics, wiring diagrams, and wire lists;

Mechanical Engineering Technician/Representative
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2008

* Troubleshoot, modify, and program Autornated Systems.

» Experienced with programming Allen Bradley PLCs using Micro logics, and integration of
various vision systems utilized for Quality Assurance.

* Design and troubleshoot fluid power systerns, using Variable Frequency Drives, Servos and
Process Controls,

* Responsible forthe repair and operation of Ultrasonic and Laser welding equipment.

* Experienced with Fanuc, IBM, Epson, and Seiko robotic systems, programming and
troubleshooting.
Experienced with AutoCAD, MP2, Microsoft Office, Responsible for raintaining stock of
replacement parts for all repairs, working with vendors and OEM system manufacturers.;
This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

EDUCATION

Diploma

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines