Mechanical Engineering Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Technician/Representative Website: www.qwilres ume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Maintenance serving as a front line supervisor, reading schematics, Supervisor Set
goals/objectives Monitor progress of others Delegation Adaptability Word paint.

Mechanical Drafter And Designer, Machinist, Industria! Mechanic, Human Resource Development.
And Management.

Work Experience

Mechanical Engineering Technician/Representative
ABC Corporation - June 2003 - August 2008

Studied work requests in order to determine the type of service demanded by the installation.
Conducted control inspections of existing buildings and the creation of Long-Range
Maintenance Projects.

Prepared detail scope of work, specilication, the cost estimate for large construction projects.
Use technical insight and administrative functions into the designated work assignments.
Utilized the following software programs to accomplished work assignments Microsoft
Windows.

Means Facilities Construction Cost Data; WinEst Cost Data, the Manufacturer Catalogs, and
Price List; and Internet Resources to formulate cost estimate documents.

Developed government cast estimates for the execution, solicitation, and Service Contracts,

Mechanical Engineering Technician/Representative
Northrop Grumman - 1995 - 2003

4/2002-5/2006, 10/2007-Present Performed advanced electronic assembly work including
board prep, soldering, desoldering, component replacement, Touch-Up, and prototype
assembly.

Demonstrated a proficiency of skills to perform consistently above average quality of work in a
timely fashion.

Worked under limited supervision, used methods, drawings, prints, schematics, or written
work instructions to inspect, assemble, modily, rework, disassemble or reassemble deliverable
or prototype hardware,

Performed intermediate assembly work to inchide tinning, component forming, harness prep,
manual component insertion, cleaning associated with the assembly of electronic components
and mechanical assemblies, ESD and safely issucs, housekeeping and timecards.

Obtained J-STD-001 certification and MP/SRP.

Have 10 years experience in the following Wire Cutting Lead Trimming and tinning, board prep,
band forming components, tioning pot operation, ink stamping, aqueous cleaner operation,
prep equipment set-up and operation, use of hand tools operation of.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

Education

BS

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines