Robert Smith

Staff Mechanical Engineer/Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Ahighly effective Engineering Professional (dual US/Canadian citizen) with
more than 25 years of experience, who meets challenges head-on and
creates positive change, A creative and detail oriented Individual with a
record of success in management, engineering, and design’ development. A
strong leader with a solid technical foundation who develops and leads
teams, while achieving outstanding results in fast-paced, dynarnic business
environments.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Mechanicai Eng ineer/Manager

ABC Corporation -

November 2009 - July 2013

Responsibilities:

Designed and developed of mechanical parts and assernblies per
marketing requirernents, UL, and FCC standards,

Created 3-D rnodels in SolidWorks to perform assembly interference
checking and tolerances stack-up analysis per design intent and to
generate STEP or IGES files for vendors on tooling design and CNC
machining,

Designed and created Mechanical Keep Out (MKO) drawings for EE tearn
to design PCB layout and fabrication.

Performed finite element analysis (FEA) for plastic parts in SolidWorks
Simulation for design integrity and part optimization which reduced the
design verification process from 8 to 3 weeks.

Wrote test protocols and plans,

Coordinated with lab technician to run tests and collect data for
evaluation.

Conducted DOE on enclosure cooling design and draw the best
conclusion based on the experimental test data,

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2009

Re sponsibilities:

Optima Ultracentrifuge - Eliminated a high-pitched noise that had been
plaguing the drive design for many years.

Used FEA and experimental methods in the optimization of this
patented design.

Optimized airflow for efficient cooling and quiet operation using CFD.
Stiffened instrument frarne to eliminate undesirable vibration using FEA.
Characterized thermal perforrnance of test chamber.

Designed mechanical layout of motor drive inverter board,

Analytical Centrifuge - Designed 4 new Interferorneter to replace one
based on an obsolete camera.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Modal Analysis, FEA,
NVH, Noise And
Vibrations Analysis And
Control Technologies,
Sound And Vibration,

a
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)