Associate Staff Mechanical Engineer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

A Senior Mechanical Enginecr secking a position with a design/manufacturing firm that will benefit
from my Mechanical Enginecring expertise with System Design Leadership, Mechanical Design
Development, and hands-on mechanical know-how.

Skills

Solidworks, FEA, PDM, PLM, Inventor, Autodesk, Optics, Precision Machine Design.

Work Experience

Associate Staff Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - February 2013 -June 2015

Lead hardware engineer for next generation robot,

Lead and managed a team of 4 clectro-mechanical design engineers to develop/design 2-axis
PV solar tracking robot.

Architected and implemented PLM system.

Singlehandedly developed the ECO/revision control system for Qbotix, and worked with
Autodesk to deploy VauliPRO to use its features for change control,

Performed mechanical engineering responsibilities In small and mideap projects write
procurement specification for equipment, review drawings, .

Provided technical support on product standards, performance, and modifications for customer
orders and sales quotes,

Prepared design drawings and product structures with drafting, purchasing, and
manufacturing engliecring departments.

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010-2013

Opto-mechanical design and verification on line-of-sight jitter for laser beam stability In next
generation semiconductor lithography EUV (Extreme .

Droplet generator coupled-field thermal /dynamic analysis Thermal lensing
CFD/thermal/structural analysis.

Conduct applied research and development studies, and solve and fix NVH problems on HVAC
units (Include diesel engine drive unis} with experimental .

Radiation Sound Power Prediction Analysis on Screw Compressor; Investigation on Gearbox
Sound Quality of On Truck Trailer Untis Unt-Drive Motion .

Maxima 1300 Truck Trailer Units - ODS and Modal Analysis on Engine Drivelines Skills Used
Structural vibration analysis {include modal analysis, FRF -

This project required revamping incumbent documentation system to employ an item based
ECO sysiem, and training company personnel to embrace industry standard PLM practices.
After 2 years of company growth, | architected (as part of a 3 person team) the deployment of
Autodesk PLM360.

Education

BS in Mechanical Engineering - (California State Polytechnic University}

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines