Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Mechanical Engineer I LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

4+ years of experience as a Mechanical Engineer, Currently open to Desigr/Release engineering
positions as part of building on my previous design experience and pursuing my long term career
goals.

SKILLS

Autodesk, AutoCAD, Inventor, Solidworks, Combustion Engines, Therrnal Systems, GD
Maintenance, Repair, Bee Machinery, Mastercarm, Six Sigma, Kanban, Inventory, Machine
Design, Manufacturing, CAD, CAM, 3D CAD, 2D CAD, 3D, 2D, Mastercam, CNC, and LEAN.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer |
ABC Corporation - March 2016 - Present

* Designing and developing structural Components such as trailer hitches, tow hooks, spare tire
winches/brackets, and heat shields.

* Specifying desian requirements and functional objectives of components as part of product
development,

* Leading cross-functional team meetings working with systerns &armp; cornponents, advanced
manufacturing, service, and functional science tears to ensure design feasibility and
requirements cornpliance,

* Coordinating and scheduling design and DVPR milestones to release components for
production as per prograrn tirning.

» Collaborating with suppliers with regards to the design and integration of outsourced
cornponents.

* Root cause issues and pursue corrective actions as per econornic and production timing
requirements,

* Ensuring the engine box design intearity of next-generation dodge ram vehicles by consulting
design requirernents.

Mechanical Design Engineer - Power Pack (Contract)
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - February 2016

» Create technical data packages to support engineering drawing release as per contractual
requirements.

* Design Investment cast parts machined parts and welded inseparable assemblies such as
cooling manifolds, brackets, rad supports and support frarnes for various automotive
applications.

* Consult astrn, mil and sae standards for appropriate material selection and test requiremerits
aS per contract requirements,

* Work with SCM to source and integrate vendor cormponents into Subsystern assernblies as per
design-functional requirements.

* Support r&armip;d projects and derno builds catering to the cornpanys competitive bids.

* \|ssue ecos to support legacy programs, update obsolete parts and to support productian
issues.

* Design bulld-to-print parts to replace obsolete vendor parts as required.

EDUCATION

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings