ROBERT SMITH
Senior Mechanical Engineer LI

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Dedicated, results-oriented engineer seeking career opportunities in a leading company where my wide
variety of skills, education, and experience can be used to progress the company, as well as gain the
knowledge and experience to advance professionally within the business.

ShILLS

ERP, Programming, VBA, CAD, Excel, Product Development, SQL.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Mechanical Engineer UI
ABC Corpomtion- 2001 — 2008

Technical oversight and management of contracts for the procurement of equipment used in the dry
storage of spent naval nuclear fuel.

Manage multiple contracts for the procurement of equipment ninging in valve trom $10,000 to
$500,000.

Provide written and verbal technical mecommendationsto the US Navy on equipment procurements
and problems,

Generute cost estimates and purchase order technical requirements for equipment procurement.
Conduct negotiations with vendors to ensure procurments are in line with the overall project budget
and schedule.

Oversight of equipment fabrication at vendor facilities, disposition of mannfueturing discrepancies,
and field support during installation.

Site coordinator of the integrated project schedule for the design, procurement, and installation of
equipment used in dry storage of spent naval nuclear fuel.

Senior Mechanical Engincer
ABC Corpomtion- 1998 — 2001

® Mechanical engineering and muchine design of abrisive blasting systems tor aircraft sipping
Designed severul machines and mechanical systems from scratch which utilize pneumutic and
electric motian cant! for movement and articulation.
Designed controls logic for pneumatic and electric control led hardware systems, prognummed PLCs
for service.
Redesigned und improved 4 system control valve which increased working life span by 400%.
Developed process hardware which allowed 10 times longer life than priar design.
Modeled valves and equipment rooms using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) with Cosmos.
Performed on-site trouble shooting equipment, found root causes and implemented corrective
actions.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines