JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. - City, State - OD000 - Cell 222 222.2222 - email@address.com

SUMMARY

Entry-Level Job Targets:
MAINTENANCE ENGINEER « MECHANICAL ENGINEER

Offering 3 years of experience applying expert-level knowledge in

Automation Marketing to catapult productivity 75%, double efficiencies, and
win a loyal client. Successfully attained academic and project goals in
demanding curriculum with high standards through aggressive application
of logical, systematic, and analytical skills. A valued a team participant,
skilled at calling on customers directly and partnering with them to unved
and generate new business opportunities. Respond to

challenges with confidence, determination, and focus.

Quickly gain the trust, confidence, and respect of team members, clients,
management, and key decision-makers to promptly and accurately report
on numerous work-in-progress activities. Known for pro-active problem-
solving and customized solutions delivery that represent true answers for a
global client base. Very comfortable using Catia, lronCAD, Excel, Lotus
Notes, Sharepoint Administration, and Banner; bring added knowledge of
CAD, CAM, and CAE. Fluent in English and Language. Proven leadership
abilities and “go-getter” attitude that contribute to individual and team goals.

SKILLS &
STRENGTHS

+ Areas of Study & Training: Instrumentation - Mechanical Engineering _
Design - Operation Research - Production Planning & Control - Power
Plant, Automobile, Thermal, & Production Engineering « Advanced
Strength of Materials - Industrial Electronics - Heat & Mass Transfer -
Refrigeration & Air Conditioning - Metallurgy & Material Sciences

* Added Value: Requirements Analysis - Competitive Bidding - Project
Scheduling & Coordination - Documenting & Reporting - Testing &
Quality Assurance

School Name — City ... Date
Certificate Name

* Took the initiative to grade approximately 250 exams for Political
Science coursework; as a result, the lecturer — who typically performed
this responsibility — was able to devote more time to his own projects

« Proofread 50 articulation agreements and Memorandums of
Understanding in only 15 days — more than 5 times faster than average

« For internship assignment, established a database that converted
articulation agreement paper copy to on-line status so this information
can be accessed imstantly— a dramatic improvement from the previous
4-to 5-day turnaround accession rate

School Name — City ... Date
Bachelor of Program Name

JOHN SMITH - 222.222 2222 - emaii@address.com ... p. 1 of 2