Farhan WAHID
Mechanical Engineer Mobile: 00966566797803 wahidfarhan@hotmail.com

Skype : farhan_wahid

To obtain a challenging position in Mechanical Engineering field that utilizes my background skills in Building,
construction and maintenance of different mechanical sections with equipment sdection and theinstallations.
Exceptional knowledge of methods, principles, procedures, objectives,and standard practices of Mechanical fidd
of Sub stations & power Plants including safety standards, engagi ng clients, preparing proposals.

PROFILE

Professional Experience

Mechanical Engineer
January 2009 to present

Saudi Electridty Company

Experience (Makkah & Taif Saudi

Installation of FPSP Fire Protective Sigreling Panel FM-200 Portable C ylinders Fire Extinguishers in Sub
Stations High Rise Buildings AS per the Intemational Standards

Overall Work as per PTS (Project Technical Standard) Saudi Electricity Company
Knowledge of codes and standards such as ASHRAE, SMACNA, ASME, ASTM, NFPA

Responsible asa Consultant for the , project execution works on site with focus on all mechanical
engineering works HVAC, Plumbing and Fire Fighting components and systems

Fm-200 Testing & Commissioning Pneumatic & Flow Test

Integrity Test room air tight test. with Liquid level Indicator Test all FM-200 Cylinders

Fire Alarm Test with All Trouble shooting

Inspection of EOT Crane with welding test as per International Standards

Fire/Life Safety Alarm and Suppression System Gas Monitoring, Detection, and Alarm systems
Structural Fire Protection Calculations

Clean Agent Extinguishing, CO2 Systems Fire Heat, Smoke dampers

SAS & SCADA Singling Interface with Main Panel

To perform / review Cooling and Heating Load calculations and ventilation requirement, design
drawings, HVAC control- and fire protection systems.

FM-200 Flow Diagrams with Calculations

Coordinate assigned engineering work & monitor work for compliance to applicable codes, accepted
engineering practices. Co-ordination Contractor work Flow To review design of HVAC equipment
including drawing, specifications/data sheets, material requisition and bills of quantities.

Responsible forthe all Installation of ventilation system requirement, design drawings, HVAC control-
and fire protection systems.

Participating in Client meetings and resolving engineering and management project issues.
Monitoring all sites issues

Ensure effective communication and coordination between all disciplines and all other project
Participants.

Monitoring building systems and processes;

Attending a range of project group and technical meetings;

Ensuring that the design and maintenance of building systems meets legislative and heath and safety
requirements;

Working on a variety of projects within a short period of time.

Monitoring and mentioning problems of mechanical works during execution.
Ensure that construction follow the good practices to avoid/eliminate re-works.
To monitor the monthly, weekly and daily progress.

Private & Confidential 1|Page