ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Mechanical Engineering Technician

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com Phome: (0123)456-789

SU NIMAR

To obtain a position with 4 sustainable company. Skills and gain further experience while enhancing the
company's producti vity and repotatian.

Autocad, Customer Service Skills, Cleaning, Computer Skills. Typing 50 Wpm, Commnnication Skills.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Jr. Mechanical Engineering Technician
ABC Corpomtion - November 2015 — August 2016

Use written communication, sketches, performed by in house personnel or contractars.

Work with the Command Engineer on yarious projects.

Provide customer supportte military and civilian medical staff penaining to space utilization,
remodeling. and upgrades.

Responsible for performing proof design testing on gas range components and performing light data
entry.

Troubleshooting and repair of equipment including an air compressor, vacuum system, x-n1ys
machines, delivery units,

Work with senior engineers to make functional prototypes of solar trackers und other solar mecking
systems,

Perform destructive and functional testing on developing products using industnal testing
equipment.

Jr. Mechanical Engineering Technician
ABC Corpontion - 2012-2015

Improved calibration program completion from 12% to 98% in under 6 months contributing toan A
mating on ship inspection,

Ranked &quot;Exceeds Expectations& quot: on all yearly appmisals.

Promoted 3 times in a span of less than four years.

Calibrated, muintained und fixed 800+ pressure, tempemture, vacuum and combination gages and
switches in under 6 months.

Operated and repaired steam generators, turbines, HVAC, air compressors, valves and water
purtication plants.

Used damage cantrol equipment such as fire hoses, extinguishers, SCBAs, and submersible pumps
to cambat emergencies in an industrial environment.

Contributed to 40% improved casualty response time through performance of drill scenanos,
emergency situations, and ship wide inspections..

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines