Jessica B. ZHAAN

8421 Siler Star Court, Unit 13C e Toledo, Chio 43602
zhaanmse@myisp.com # (419) 555-2323

MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Highly analytical, performance-driven engineering professional with 10+ years’ experience creating innovative,
cost-efficient designs.

r Solid expertise in applied research, new content development, simulation, and validation.

- Broad knowledge in the altemative fuels industry, including repeated success developing
prototypes that improve marketability for previously unfeasible technologies,

a Superior problem-solving and time-management abilities; adept at identifying the root cause
of issues and implementing creative, targeted solutions,
- Team Spirited with effective communication and presentation skills, able to coordinate with
management, vendors, and staff to achieve goals.

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Software: Autodesk, AutoCAD, Mathcad, LabVIEW, Rhino, MATLAB, Mathematica, SolidWorks,
MS Project, MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint}

Research & Design: Project / Quantification Planning, Finite Element Analysis (FEA), ISO & Safety
Compliance, On- and Off-line Test Development, Statistical / Process Analysis,
Design & Validation, Manufacturing Specifications

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Faaczat, Inc = Toledo, Ohio
Mechanical Design Engineer, 3/2011 — Present
Collaborate with product developers and engineers to develop and operotionolize state-of-the-art alternative
power plant concepts far automotive applications.
Research and review existing technologies based upon target markets; apply design analysis, FEA process, and
non-linear engineering concepts to create plans, Coordinate with suppliers / vendors and intemal engineering
resources to obtain pratotype parts and equipment; define functional, dimensional, and visual requirements
for components. Evaluate and demonstrate manufacturing feasibility and technical justification for design
approach; conduct design validation, Maintain comprehensive documentation of complex design activities.
. Doubled life ofliquid hydrogen in vehicle-mounted tanks in collaboration with Chemica!
Engineers during design of hydrogen re-uptake and sublimation reclamation system.
. Conceived, designed, and prototyped a light-weight infinitely variable transmission (IVT) for
use with hydrogen fuel cell engines, resulting in 6% improvement in fuel efficiency,

. Played integral role in patent-pending electric motorcycle concept combining miniaturized IVT
with regenerative braking.
° Developed low-weight, low-friction piston assembly for air-pressure vehicle (air car}, increasing

top speed of prototype by 11% with no decrease in range.

Continued...