Roger Fisher
Address * Phone * Email

MECHANICAL ENGINEER

Dedicated Mechanical Engineer possessing over 19 years of hands-on experience. Utilizes equipment maintenance expertise
to provide smooth and effective operation of enterprises, ensuring continuous production of goods. Versed in equipment
installation projects management, as well as product flow optimization and new workstations development. Experienced
in customer relations and able to maintain effective working relationships with staff and management. Excels in root cause
analysis of mechanical and electrical failures.

AREAS OF COMPETENCE

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company name
Mechanical Engineer 2014 — Present

¢ Responsible for the maintenance and operation of all plant and terminal equipment, identifying and proffering
solution to equipment problems that militates against optimal production process.

¢ Improved equipment reliability by 40% by implementing a computerized maintenance management system
(CMMS).

¢ Provide timely and lasting solution to equipment breakdown by conducting root cause analysis of mechanical and
electrical failure.

¢ Perform project turnover and closeout activities.

© Manage a project for installation of pumps, compressors, storage tank construction as well as modification of the
pressure vessel.

Company name
ical Engi 2005 = 2014
¢ Collaborated with team members and production staff to develop new workstations, fixtures, and manufacturing
processes for non-conductive Entertainment Panels.
¢ Modified existing products to optimize product flow by reducing welding operations and the need for purchased

fasteners.
¢ Ensured fit, form and function for outgoing products while meeting customer specifications with short
turnaround times.
¢ Designed a new PDU sheet metal housing for faster assembly, reducing component cost and assembly time by
20%,
Company name
Mechanical Engineer I 1999 — 2005

¢ Generated 3D models, drawings, artwork drawings and associated documentation for PDU's and surge products.
¢ Created, maintained and organized enginecring procedure documents.

¢ Performed failure analysis on uninterruptable power supply units and reported to quality engineering.

¢ Provided environmental impact assessments to customers to ensure they were meeting regulations.

Company name

M. ical Engin 1997 — 1999
¢ Collaborated with mechanical packaging-designers and electrical engineers to define projects.
¢ Created 2D and 3D mechanical drawings of projects with Solidworks and AutoCAD.

EDUCATION
MS in Mechanical Engineering, University; Villanova, PA, 1997.