Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Associate Senior Mechanical Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume

Engineer Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY

Experienced in design, maintenance, Inspections and project engineering functions. Skilled in
mechanical areas such as piping, rotating equipment, pressure vessels, rnetallurgy, welding,
corrosion, vibration and pressure relief devices. Knowledgeable in ASME, NBIC, API and TEMA.
Effective in communication and interpersonal skills, takes 4 proactive approach.

SKILLS

Project Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing, Pressure Vessels And Piping, ASME
Boller & Pressure Vessel Code, Power Generation, Paper Mills, Boilers, Root Cause Analysis,
Design For Manufacturing, Continuous Improvement, Stress Analysis, FEA, AutoCad, MathCad,
Technical Specifications,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - Novernber 2003 - December 2009

* Served as Subject Matter Expert for factory floor questions and problerns related to boller
drawinas.

* Reduced factory downtime by addressing each issue quickly prioritizing in order of
Importance,

* Wrote dispositions for non-conforming boiler parts averaging 75 annually that included repair
procedures outlining the mast econornical approach and Investigating preventative actions.

* Provided technical support and guidance to newly formed inexperienced Engineering and
Design Graphics Group,
Performed functional review and final review and approval of drawings,

» Ensured customer specifications, company engineering standards and ASME Code
requirements were incorporated into boiler drawings.

* Prevented an estimated $200,000 of costly mistakes and field rework as a result of careful
attention to details In the boiler drawing reviews.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corporation - 19938 - 2003

* Added Responsibilities) Oversee the analysis workflow for all industrial applications by

communicating with customers and managing a tearm of analyst/engineers to complete
rojects.

. Ceeactad educational presentations,

* Globally travel to conferences and events.

» Calculate pressure flow and stress load through pipe systems,

+ 2000+ hours Finite Element Analysis of solid structures,

* Recruited potential engineering candidates.

* Trained and developed technical personnel in analysis theory and company procedures.

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering - (Gannon University - Erie, PA)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines