CESAR CABAL

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Sclence
Mechanical Engineering
University of Georgia
1976 - 2000
Atlanta, GA

SKILLS

Problem satving
Teamwork
Cortemunic ation
Creativity
Attention to detail
Collaboration

CERTIFICATIONS/
LICENSES

Engineers License

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Dedicated and results-oriented mechanical engineer with 10+ years
experience aipiring 10 work for a comparry where extensive skills and
expertise in the developement and evaluation of esecharical Gedigns can be
ved to further the company’s advancement.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Mechanical Engineer

Summit

20146 - current Atlanta GA

+ Performed initial and ongoing design reviews of aff projects for Seam.
Reviews accepted by leadership 85% of the time.
Delivered documentation giving critk al analysis and saggestions for
correcting errors. 95% adoption of of analysis and suggestions.
Reviewed CAD drawings (roes junioe team members for accuracy.
Made suggestions for ier ovement and increased eadentip
satisfaction by 10%.

Managed Gevelopment of accurate accounting of al engineering hours
required for various projects. increased accuracy by 10%

Utilined CAD/CAM software and trained on increasing krowledge to
arn advanced cor Bite ation Passed certification teit with 99%,

Mechanical Engineer
Genex Systems, LLC
2004 - 2016 Atlanta, GA
+ Formulated scope of work for each project including budgetary
fumbers and goal of each project. 100% goal attainment within budget.
Built program fo track process dethc lencies and developed sotutions to

improve Reduced process deficiencies by SOM, Program adopted by 2
architectural partner firms.

Led effort to prioritize projects with engineering team. Awarded Team
Engineer of The Year for S years.

(Utilined a new CAD/CAM system to reduce team tiene spent arc
imcreate otficlercy by 20%

Cashier
Home Depot
2002-2004 Atlanta, GA

© Led cashier team in processing returns while adhering to company
polickes and procedures. Won Cashier of The Month Award $ times.

Oper ated paint station after training and trained other crew members
crested paint sales 7%.

implemented 2 mew in-store promotion tor home blinds. lncreaued
traths to blinds department by 10% with a sales increase of J.

Managed all transactions cash, debit. credit, store credit card
Reconciled drawer 100%.

Led cathler team in either opening of closing procedtores 5 days a week.