MICHAEL HAYES scnroooe:

SR. MECHANICAL ENGINEER email@emailcom ©

SUMMARY
Over 15 years experience in engineering support of operations and maintenance of nuclear power plants, including both
NSSS and BOP systems including turbine, generator, and control systems as well as Emergency Diesel Generators.
Experiment in all design stages of a product, from research, development, and manufacture to installation and final
commissioning. Possessing a good team spirit, deadline and budget orientated and having the ability to produce according
to the technical specifications from the requirements. Good problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
WORK
EXPERIENCE
NASA Sr. Mechanical Engineer

2010-05 - PRESENT
e Developing a detailed understanding of the assigned system(s) technical and licensing requirements, as well as

maintenance and operation practices to ensure optimal system performance.

e Maintaining an awareness of technical issues, design changes, performance problems, operating experience issues,
work orders, long-term improvements plans, etc. associated with assigned systems. Ensuring they are prioritized and
planned in a timely manner.

e Providing technical assistance and input to the other departments regarding system problems, design changes,
procedures, and testing.

e Monitoring and evaluating system performance and initiating corrective actions as necessary.

e Maintaining overall responsibility for monitoring and trending programs as they apply to assigned systems. These
programs may include but are not limited to, IST, Maintenance Rule, Appendix J, MOV, Heat Exchanger thermal
performance testing.

NORTH AMERICAN Mechanical Test Engineer
SHIPBUILDING

2007-04 «2010-04 e Directed shipyard craft and inspected personnel in the construction and overhaul of plant systems Directed shipyard

technicians and planted operators in the performance testing of all systems.
e Prepared documentation for certification and acceptance.
« Analyzed plant system malfunctions and designed problems in order to determine and initiate corrective actions.

BOEING Manufacturing Engineer

2004-02 - 2007-03
e Established and supervised manufacturing line for GST series Scribe/Break equipment.

e Designed and documented machine standards and benchmark for the scribe and cleave processes.
e Developed test procedures to ensure full machine capability.
« Instructed and trained shop personnel for manufacturing and provided Field Service support.

GE AVIATION Mechanical Designer Internship

2002-02 - 2004-01 j
« Supported the engineering teams of equipment and trains structure departments.

« Developed and designed simple parts and mechanisms supervised by a senior engineer.
e Monitored structural tests and took deflections data for later analysis by the engineers.
« Internship work report.

EDUCATION

CARNEGIE MELLON Bachelor of Science
UNIVERSITY

1999 - 2002

SKILLS

FEA @eeeeoeoeoeeeses ®@ CAD @eeeoeoeoeeese ®@
e Finite Elements Analyse. « Autocad™ e Solid\Works™