BRENDAN NAJARRO

Mechanical Engineer

1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States

(541) 754-3010 email@email.com
Place of birth 2.0.0... San Antonio Driving license 2.0... ccc cece cence ees Full
TRCRREEUAN! © 5 » y werseusmenm #8 1 1 5 ARTE 2g SRE A American

LINKS

Github, Linkedin, Facebook

PROFILE

Technically orientated M echantcal En gineer with over six years expertence in reliabil ity and maintenance activities within a clean
room environment. Highl 'y adept with mechanic supporting sanitation systems and equipment. Completed a Masters Degree in
Thermodynamics and holds a Professional Engineering license.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Mechanical Baoincer IT , Zimmer Medical DGyIG6S. ... cccvinccew s ss cwarenion sy 6s swore en ex 4 wmnewT May 2018 — Present

Fort Lauderdale
Responsible for reliability testing of more than 30 pieces of outdated machinery and improved their efficiency by 70%

with minor design tweaks.

¢ Test CNC machinery and equipment to ensure they function correctly and schedule preventative maintenance
activities

* Coordinate reliability testing and devise planned maintenance schedules to coincide with commissioning
activities

¢ Facilitate the safe testing and commissioning of all high voltage machinery and equipment

¢ Make sure all PLC are tested and maintained according to the operational requirements of the plant

y Mechanical Bacineer Il, Comeing TR6riiOdynaGiies: «cece oes so ewaeae ne ees a vewwue oy ese 4 vow Jan 2017 — May 2018

Tewksbury
Part of the product development team that conceptualized more than 15 thermal devices in the last quarter and received

a 100% pre-approval rating for all prototypes presented.

¢ Support the entire production process regarding quality inspections and cost improvement initiatives.

* Collaborate with mechanical packaging-designers and electrical engineers to define upcoming projects in terms
of timeframes, financial resources, and allocation of labor

* Create 2D and 3D schematics and drawings on Solidworks and AutoCAD

¢ Monitor project progress, record test results, write quality reports and submit to senior engineer for final

approval

7 Mechanuwal Paginest LContmieiee Devices cecee srr srereeewesscereewnowe si saneewewoessiare prmer Jan 2016 — Dec 2016

Borger
Improved the undisrupted equipment reliability by adding two extra planned maintenance schedules per quarter

resulting in zero shutdowns due to machine failures in the last 12 months.

¢ Design product concepts, build prototypes and conduct testing and validation on Class I medical devices

¢ Establish ongoing relationships with potential overseas private equity firms to secure funding for
commercialization of pilot products

¢ Interact with potential manufacturers and create proposals to set up assembly lines, packaging requirements
and production specifications

¢ Define product specifications, wrote inspection and testing manuals and draft failure analysis reports