JOHN SMITH, E.LT.

22 Street Rd. Phone : 222-222-2222
City, State 00000 Email : emailtaddress.com

MECHANICAL ENGINEER (in training)
R duated, multidiscipli with excellent abilities and thin
skis seis ande-on pr Ab nd Feeativky and feoovation Thocegh my stasis

experience a company that embraces creativity eta my studies,
I have gained extensive knowledge of thermodynamics and nd San en of
Mechanical Engineering. Strong technical and methodical with an inate lage downed lems and
devise creative solutions that enhance of life. E communicator who builds positive, cohesive
relationships with all levels of staff, eager cal way eonenatva tether te ponctions seeibod eee
EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS

B.S. Degree, Mechanical Engineering Date

University Name
Safety Certificates: Confined Space Entry, Fall Protection.

CORE STRENGTHS / TECHNICAL SKILLS

= MatLab » CAD & Drawing * Research, Design & Development of

« MathCAD * 2D, 3D Solid Modeling Mechanics

= Maple = Material Science Analysis « Design Procedures; Theories of Failure &

z Semaine ‘ sales Replat Heat T santas Terhoilogios

. i . ions . tr ij

= Solidworks . Energy Conversion; Sources, = Strong Analytical & Creative Process-Thinking

« Ansys Flow & Efficiency Forms « Team Leadership & Project Management

WORK HISTORY

Company Name Date

General Laborer -

. Perform penal labor dues for manaactures of biking bolts cuting and machining of tee: coordinate
packing and shipping of steel to distributors. Any other general labor as assigned.

Company Name Date

Sales
store manager with retail store tions; © ing, Cash in
MIG Coane
. ae rating in customer service by company hired to monitor employees" consistent customer

RELEVANT COURSE STUDIES
= Mechanical En; perience in a wide of Mechanical En
disciplines. Ex Exinevels P evndod sad eek reat olenes components of wr oat ad
Seadlet Dur and shanty teoed naching Adovgpioes ta commie ety aaguee? Cooehoameted ies ded:

° sedation, hee and forced convection, heat cach heat conduction, numerical analysis,
oon ti principe. ppc oy comprms wap and psc
° t mic principles; to rs, ¥ $
ap Sagar neared novos 6 Sree
° Studied prin may mci one including casting, forming,

saspearona batveetn design, materials (metals, alraneh cat ceramics, prorat ol
om sarc echo