Senior Mechanical Engineer Een ee SG eae
Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH aeiccmmmmnny)

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Senior Mechanical Engineer, 8+ years of experience in Oil and Gas, with extensive experience in
tool and equipment design development. Strong Technical Expertise, Agile problem solver with
advanced knowledge of mechanics, materials, and troubleshooting complex dynamic designs.
Great command of engineering fundarnentals and application of engineering design theories ard
principles, Skilled Project Management, Passionate leadership identifying issues and providing
solutions.

Skills

Solidworks, Labview, Fortran, Prograrnming PIC Microcontrollers, Setting Up Ni Data Acquisition
Systems, Planning and Leading Technology Demonstrations, Matlab, Microsoft Office, Autocad,
Autodesk Inventor, Maple.

Work Experience

Senior Mechanical Engineer
meer Well Services - Pressure Pumping - April 2014 - 2019

Oper ate as Technical Director to the Pressure Purnping Engineering group answering directly
to the Engineering Manager.

Overall responsibility for technical solutions at Corporate Engineering level.

Tasked with maintaining and Improving the overall perforrnance of 150+ field-deployed well
servicing assets.

Devised Internal specifications, designs for two complete service fleets, and met with various
OEMs to layout production timelines and constraints.

Provide technical direction and motivation to Design Engineers and Draftsmen with design
reviews and regular project updates to affirm on-target developments and offer support and
aac to those lacking, and provide continuous mornenturn to long anc short-term
projects.

Developed strearnlined Erigineering reporting processes for internal arid external publication,
and Initiated 4 stringent document workflow procedure to facilitate smooth information
transfer and ensure the high quality of all Engineering documentation.

Final approval of Engineering design concepts and production drawings.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
sont Research Associates, Inc - 2013 - 2014

Im currently serving as the technical PI.

* on three projects for the Air Force 1) developing a heat exchanger for air conditioner peak
load shaving using thermal storage, 2) developing an energy efficient drop-in control systern
for air conditioners, and 3) developing an insulated hard floor for the Air Force srnall shelter.

* In this role, | supervise a small tearm to design and demonstrate the technologies while
meeting project milestones and budget requirements.

» Also write monthly progress reports, and put together Power Point presentations that | use to
brief the Air Force Project Managers every 6 months on progress.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines