ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Network Security Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Driven and results-orientated Intormation Technology Security Engineer Analyst with over 10
years® experience in managing medium to large scale projects in area of Network/Systems
Administrator’ Security specializing in Cisco devices, Network security, Firewalls and VPNs, Cisco
Routers, LAN/WAN connectivity, TCP/IP, communications. Experienced in Network Security,
Juniper Firewalls, SSL VPN, Checkpoint, RSA, Cisco Nexus, Cisco ACE, Cisco Wireless,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Very quick at adapting to new surroundings and teams,.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Jr. Network Security Engineer
College Board - November 2015 - 2019

Key Deliverables:

» \dentified vulnerabilities, recommended corrective measures and ensured the adequacy ol
existing information security controis,

« Assesses and manages the risks of security threats {0 information systems Ensures that
information sysiems possess security levels equal to the level of exposure to potential
risks.

» Securty assessment al online applications to identily the vulnerabilities in different
categories like Inpul and data Validation, Authentication, Authorization, Auditing &amp,
loaging,

=» Vulnerability Assessment of various web applications used in the organization using Paros
Proxy, Burp Suite, and Web Scarab, YASCA, HP Web Inspect, SOAP Ul.

» Coordinate with dev team to ensure closure ol reported vulnerabilities by explaining the
ease of exploitation and the impact of the issue,

* Scheduling and completion the Risk Assessment calls for the different work streams of the
client based on the Releases/iterations planned.

» Troubleshooting connectivity issues within the server zones of the Data center (between
application servers, database and web servers) as well as user requests and user
connectivity issues from various branch locations, office locations and third party sites to

data center,
Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2015
Key Deliverables:
* Responsibilities Involved in Migration of Nortel Contivity 1800 VPN routers to Juniper SRX
firewalls:

» Involving in VPN (IPSEC, Site to Site) migrations and new designs tor State govemment
agencies such as State Police, Doc; HQ and etc..

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines