Robert Smith

Senior Network Security Engineer I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Applying for position to utilize advanced Network Defense, Information
Assurance and Security, workstation knowledge, strong personne! skills,
organizational abilities and business experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Network Security Engineer I!

ABC Corporation -

December 2010 - June 2011

Responsibilities:

Supporting all aspects of DoDs largest Implementation of ArcSight
Security Information and Event Management,

Supporting the establishment, enhancement, and continual
Improvement of an integrated set of correlation rules, alerts, searches,
reports, and responses.

Supporting a timely review of reports from ArcSight products,

Working corrective action of deficiencies or vulnerabilities, and ensure
the effectiveness of these measures.

Coordinating and conducting event collection, log management, event
management, compliance automation, and identity monitoring activities
for customer systems under the teams purview,

Analyzing data collected by the ArcSight and related systerns,
identifying results that dictate Immediate corrective action, trends that
drive prompt action, and areas that require continued monitoring and/or
further analysis.

Responding to day-to-day security requests relating to ArcSight
operations.

Senior Network Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for designing, engineering, and deploying e-rnail and
messaging systems.

Included transitioning Military customers existing messaging platforms
to Exchange 2000,

Also develop and conduct site surveys and develop, test, and train
migration plans.

Testing/troubleshooting of firebox software according to test
specifications including updating results, adding new test cases which
are out of test,

Designed and implemented policies to protect Security breaches so as
to full proof the network Providing technical support assistance to the
customer.

o Assigned to a $4M Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) project on
the Joint Cyber Operations-joint Test ()}CO-|T) tearm chartered to develop,

The TTP provides a strategy and general guidance to defend critical
© This Eree Resuine Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Management,
Organizing,

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)