Senior Network Security Engineer Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

8+ years of experience in core technology. Ability to direct cornplex projects fromm concept to fully
operational status. Planning, designing and deployment of Cloud data centers. Planning, designing
of Corporate Networks and Firewalls architecture and implementing in distributed environment.
Established and implernented |SO standards for small to large business networks.

Skills

CCSA knowledge of Checkpoint, CCNA knowledge of Cisco, Microsoft TMG security gateways,
Network troubleshooting.

Work Experience

Senior Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - May 2008- Septernber 2013

.

Planning, designing of Corporate Firewalls architecture and inmplernenting In distributed
environment.

Designing and iImplernenting resilient, reliable and highly available Network topologies,
Maintaining Corporate Firewalls &arnp; Analysis of firewall logs using various tools Firernon
and Tufin security analyzers.

Planning &amp; Implementation of information security guidelines as per the security
standards.

Designing and implementing different connectivity solutions to various customers with S2S
VPN and Remote site VPN across the globe.

Designing and testing Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and Disaster Recovery,

Managing Global Network Security Operations.

Senior Network Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2008

“eee

Configuration of CheckPoint firewalls Configuration of Cisco firewalls (ASA), switches, wireless
devices Configuration of Juniper routers ;

Migrated PIX firewalls to Checkpoint Firewalls,

Migrated rule sets, NAT tables, and created various objects.

Installed and configured various Cisco switches,

Upgraded Cisco 10S for various Cisco Routers,

Designed and implemented Nexus 7K/5K/2K and Catalyst 6500/4900/3750-X In a complex DC
Core/Aggregation/Access layer on 8 10G backbone In Production .

Conducted Cisco ASA, Checkpoint, and Palo Alto Firewalls Adrninistratian Installed and
configured highly available HP Virtual Connect FLEX-10 .

Education

B.S, In Information Technology - (Macon State College - Macon, GA)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines