Robert Smith

Senior Network Security Engineer/Consult

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Bottorn-line-orlented professional with more than 20 years of
comprehensive experience in compliance oversight. Excellent leader,
motivator, using structured business management skills In building teams
and teaching technical complex topics to non-technical management
personnel. Possess a career long cormmitment to sharing knowledge and
ideas that is illustrated by his dedication to training co-workers and building
practical learning environments.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Network Security Engineer/Consultant
ABC Corporation- August 2007 - April 2010

Responsibilities:

Supports high security surveillance of the DMZ network was critical for
allnews and media Information provided worldwide to our custorners.
Proactively monitors, researches dally advisories and network with
senior level professionals at other Fortune 100 companies to stay
abreast of the latest security risk and vulnerabilities to make quick
decision to protect the critical network assets, valuable sensitive and
proprietary data of the firm,

Writes policies to alert on suspicious file uploads in our dynarnic and
complex environment.

Troubleshoots difficult and highly technical problems.

Great ability to multi-task and follow through frorn start to finish on all
projects and assignments given.

Advises other IT groups on security risks discovered and how to clase
the security holes to decrease or eliminate the risk and comply with
company policies and standards,

Performs periodic review of Bluecoat proxy logs for dangerous malware
domains activity,

Senior Network Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2004 - 2007

Responsibilities:

Currently working on 6 month contract for Graybar Electrical Company
as Senior Network Security Engineer; managing the Palo Alto Firewalls,
DMZ migration from Sidewinder firewalls to Palo Alto firewalls,
implementation of Cisco FireSight IPS systems, lromPort managernent
and review of Network Infrastructure vulnerability.

Hardware Platforms Cisco 1OS 2900/3 900 series ISR routers, Cisco ASR
1000 Series routers.

Cisco Nexus 2k/5k/6k/7k Switches, Cisco Catalyst 4500 and 6500
switches, Cisco 1|OS 2900/3750 series switches,

Cisco ASA 550 Series VPN Firewalls.

Palo Alto/McAfee (Sidewinder) Firewall.

Cisco FireSight/AMP IPS/Ironport,

Systems Software Platforms Microsoft Windows XP/Win7, Server

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Unix, Linux.

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing —
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)