Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfo@aywikresume,corm

Cyber Security Engineer BEES er soso ra

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

To obtain a position with a cormpany that will give me the opportunity to contribute by utilizing
exceptional customer-service skills as well as meeting new and potential clients. Motivated self
starter with experience in cybersecurity and customer relations. Possess strong written and
a cormmunication skills and ability to partner across departments to meet the needs of
students.

SKILLS

Red Team Operations, Intrusion Detection, SIGINT, SIGINT, Networking.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Cyber Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - March 2012 - Septernber 2013

.

Tools used on 4 daily basis included McAfee ePO, WireShark, HP DDMI, Snort, and FireEye,
Responsible for creating and updating tickets throughout the day using Siebel.

Responsible to investigate the Discovery and Dependency Mapping Inventory dally report and
take action on any unauthorized devices that were picked up as being on the network,
Monitored and tracked Snort logs throughout the day to monitor traffic and potential threats
on the network, ;

Created tearn weekly and monthly status reports that got delivered to our National Science
Foundation tearn lead COTR.

Worked hands on with the tearns Prograrn Manager to make sure tearn morale was up and we
were operating at 100%.

Managed the operation of arcsight security Information and event management systerns to
include arcsight esm 5. 5, connector appliances/smartconnectors, logger appliances, linux
servers, network devices and backups.

Cyber Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2009- 2012

Systern Security Lead for DCGS-A enabled Single Source (DE-SS),

System Security Lead for Tactical Cornrnunications Support Processor (TSCP),

Produced Plan of Action &arnp; Milestones (POA&amp;Ms),

Monitored security capabilities and vulnerabilities of the systern and ensured actions were
taken to document findings and/or correct thern,

Performed NESSUS, SRR, and SCC scans, or UNIX OS, to verify the security posture of the
system,

Performed media scanning for digital material entering and exiting classified areas (using
Dirty Word Search tools),

Assisted Certification &arnp; Accreditation of DE-SS v6.6 for DAMI-IM and working to convert
DIACAP to RMF.

EDUCATION
B.5, In Information Sciences and Technology - (Pennsylvania State University)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines