ROBERT SMITH
Security Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Technology leader with extensive security experience that has built and secured platforms for
processing the movements of crude oll in Amazon Web Services. Proven leader with experience
managing multi-million dollar budgets and global teams for one of the largest credit card
transaction processors. Proven track record of developing madmaps and plans to improve bath
infrastructure and security. Passionate about employee development and engagement.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Windows Server 2008, CyberArk, Vmware, Citrix Xen Server.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2010

- Deliverables:

Project lead lor suppon and hardware migration of legacy firewall infrastructure.

* Created documentation and trained team on suppor ol the legacy Concord firewall
environment,

= Project jead for migration of two legacy firewall request systems to thea Remedy piatiorm.

» Documented and trained team on processes utilizing the Remedy plattorm tor all tirewall
requests,

« Project iead for migration ol newly acquired companys security infrastructure to the firmwall
team,

«s Charged with brining the Fundxpress, an online banking provider, up to First Data Security
Standards

» Deployed the first Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) in the US region to help mitigate SSL
Denial of Service (DoS) attacks.

Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2003 - 2007

we? Deliverables:

Responsbilities Monitoring of Multiple Secunty Incidents using SIEM tool (McAtee Nitro)
Working as McAfee ePO Administrator Creating policies, client tasks and assigning to
client systems when required,

» Initiating scan on systems when required Fixing Agent, VSE related issues and updating
them when required.

» Yulnerability Assessment on Monthly and Quarterly Basis using Nexpose,

* Support Clients Security Organization and Our Global Security Operations team requests
Integrated Firewall, Windows Servers and End point to SIEM solution successfully,

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines