Network Security Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

En gi n eer/Adm inistrator Website; www.qwikresurme.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshulle Road

Alabarna,

Objective

Network Security Engineer with 6+ Years' experience with Cisco ASA, Checkpoints, Juniper SRX,
Fortigate, Palo Alto, Network Switches/Routers, LAN/WAN/WLAN, TCP/IP, VPN, and

hardw are/software security applications, Skilled at end user support, network troubleshooting,
intrusion detection/prevention, encryption, WAF, packet filtering firewalls, rnalware analysis,
vulnerability scans, pen testing, and preparing Security policies.

Skills

Network Security, C.

Work Experience

Network Security Engineer/Administrator
ABC Corporation - October 2010 - Novernber 2011

.

Protect and defend; Identification, analysis, and mitigation of threats to internal and external
IT systems or networks.

Monitored network security devices such as firewalls, antivirus, and Intrusion

detectiory/ prevention systerns.

Reviewed and implemented access controls security for networks assets and resources
including security awareness training effectiveness.

Performed a4 variety of tasks related to network adrninistration, performance and
maintenance,

Including the Installation, migration, and configuration of network devices (router, switches,
servers, desktops) and associated equipment.

Performed traffic and malware analysis utilizing current applications (BackTrack, WireShark,
Metasploit, etc,),

Installed, configured, mitigated, troubleshoot, and migrated network security software and
hardware applications.

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2010

LAN/WAN Support and management of Johnson Controls global infrastructure.

Performing blackbox penetration testing and ethical hacking on our rernote sites to test for
security vulnerabilities and security policy compliance.

Creating security policies for new sites.

Configuring switches, routers and wireless access points with latest security standards,
Designining firewall rules for mew connections and VPNs,

Collaborating with Verizon on new circuit and router installs,

Ordering cisco hardware and docurnenting.,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines