ROBERT SMITH

Junior Network Security Engineer

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

A self motivated and hands-on Computer Software/Network Specialist, seeking a
position in Security Management, Information Assurance and Systerns
Administration. Superior technical, organizational, people interface and problernm
solving skills coupled with the abillty to set priorities and manage multiple tasks.
Highly analytical, an effective communicator, and a dedicated, responsible team
player who follows through to task/project completion.

Junior Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - OCTOBER 2007 - FEBRUARY 2014

Lead projects to test and deploy McAfee security protection solutions
for the corporate and retail environments.

Deployed and tested system upgrades for CyberArk Password Vault
application,

Lead team on scheduled firewall rule reviews to establish proper
security controls are in place.

Provided support to Users, technical groups, and business partners on
all security and control policies, strategy, risk assessment, network
connectivity, system architecture and design requirements.

Worked with Internal Audit to ensure security controls met PCI/SOX
compliance.

Crested Active Directory groups to allow secure access to Windows
and UNIX/Linux platforms as well as file shares,

Provided security administration support during disaster recovery
(DR) exercises,

Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2007

Independent Consultant Worked as a consultant focusing on cyber
security for over a dozen companies and organizations ranging in dze
from 10 to 100+ employees

Conducted auditing, penetration testing, and incident response.
Setup and installed hardened servers.

Discovered and eradicated worms viruses, malware, spyware, and
trojans

Built Intrusion and anomaly detection systems to assist in tracking
malicious activities,

Counseled and staged the threats of cyber terrorism.

Implemented various authentication systems and the policies
suirrounding them for companies of various sizes.,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines