ROBERT SMITH
Senior Network Security Engineer/Analyst

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-780

SUNIMARY

Interested in utilizing expenencein Application Delivery, Server and Networking. Preferred work areas are
Application Architecture Design, Engineering and Operation Suppart. Installing and administering Linux
and UNIX OS systems to support Web based application and databases. Additional areas of interest include
Proxy Services and Domain Name Services administration,

Bigip Administritor, Security.

WORK EXPERTENCE

Senior Network Security Enginecr/Analyst
ABC Corpomtion - September 2009 — October 2011

* Responsible for a global Juniper firewall deployment of approximately 300 appliances.

® Responsible for engineering and maintaining the Bluccaut Proxy Server deployment;
Utilized of the Enterprise Manager to interact will all of the worldwide deployment for the USALD.
Analyzed Cheek Point Firewall manning R75.x to determine Active Directory connectivity issues.,
and recommended u viable solutions to resolve mobile access and remote VPN authentication,
Provided consultation in the area of traffic analysis, bandwidth management, trattic shaping,
authentication, and related wireless account management issues.
Assessed, the clients DMVPN network.
Tested and evaluated network systems to ensure stability, eliminate problems und make
improvements ;

Senior Network Security Engineer
Delta Corponition - 2007 — 2009

General Dynamics Information Technologies provides world class technology and responsive
solutions to. our US.

Government customers,

Employed as a Contractor assigned to the Department of Homeland Security.

While employed with GDIT I was responsible for day to day administmtion of the ArcSight SEIM
in the DHS SOC.

‘That included installing Updates, Maintaining the system Archives.

Traini ng analysts,

Also, supported the Bluecaat proxy solutian for DHS.

SE HOLASTICS

© This Eines Resumes Tomulats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com, Lsagse Gatlstefi nes