ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Network Security Engineer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Network engineering professional with u wide range of network/secunty experience along with extensive
server and workstation implementation and troubleshooting. Innovative problem solving and team
Building/Leadership abilities.

ShILLS

Snort, Microsoft Windows, DISA Gold Disk, Microsoft Office Professional, TCP/IP, Unix, Redhat Linux,
Stealthwatch, NetQaS, Cisco 1OS Routers 7200, 7600, Cisco Pix, Sidewinder, FWSM, ASDM, VMS,
PALO ALTO Firewalls, Vyatta Pirewalls, Active Directory.

WORK EATHAUENGI

Sr. Network Security Engineer
ABC Corponition - Apnl 2007 — November 201 1

Implement access contml and manage rule-sets / filters on specific ports, [P ackdiesses, or custamer-
Install and upgrade software applications (UNLX and Windows) and hardware components to new
and/or existing [DS and Firewalls.

Administer and maintain unique datuhases through SQL, Shell Senipts, and other commercial tools.
Analysis of IDS packet data, with comprehensive understanding of switching and routing: broad
understanding of hacker methodologies and Snort LDS signature development.

Troubleshoot und maintain of 256 SOP Routers and ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability
for thase networks.

Experience with net work vulnerability assessment tools Experience in policy and procedure
development.

Conduct nsk and vulnerability assessments of planned and installed information systems to identify
vulnerabilities, risks, and protection needs before implementing into production envimnment
Configuration, maintenance and management of Bloe Coat web proxies on an Enterpnse Level
Performed STIG cheeks und remediated findings on Gateway and IMS devices to ensure compliance
with DISA Standards.

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corponition - 2004-2007

Traveled to emote sites far the Navy Marine Corps Intranet installing and configuring security
systems per specified DoD regulations.

Built and installed Netsereen VPN devices using Personal Key Intrastmicture.

Worked with Solans Sun boxes und Dell servers setting up Intmsion Detection Software such as
Manhunt.

Verified functicnality and compliance through simulated network attacks.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines