JOHN H. SMITH

P.O. Box 1673+ Callahan, FL 32011 800.991.5187 infofigreatresumesfast.com

Networking Engineer ~ Quality Assurance Expert ~ Technical Trainer

Top-performing, adaptable IT leader who provides secure, technical IT solutions that enhance customer satisfaction
and drive business growth

Technical Technical & Instructor-Led T:

Sysco Carte Sofware Associate (SCSA) Wireless & Voice ~ Sysco Cerfitfed Software Professional (SCSP)
Sysco Carfified Software Security (SCSS) ~ NECE 2007+ Security

Parador meraipae someybanro sean, apnea «ares patlerin oneiae am at beens tas and IT

development in IT specialties and exceptional interpersonal skils who ensures that customers have reliable products.

@ Technology Leadership ¢ Product Management ¢ Strategic IT Planning

¢@ Project Management @ Risk Management ¢ Technical Roadmap/Strategy

@ Cross-Functional Leader @ Quality Assurance @ [Leader & Mentor
Technology Knowledge

Cloud VMware, Microsoft Hyper-x, Citrix Server

Operating Systems Windows 2003, 2008 R2, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7

Other MS Office, MS Visio
_ Professional Experience
INTERNATIONAL SERVICE NETWORK / TECHNICAL MARKETING ENGINEER (1990—Present}
CompuServe; Phoenix, AZ

Problem Assurance | Customer

Top-performing IT leader with consistent promotional career track supporting a wide range of IT services and products with
more than 15 yeers in Tesiing, Networking, and Security across many product ines at CompuServe and 6+ yeers in facilitating
technical training delivery. Lead engineer responsible for ensuring product suppartabiity for CS's Sofware Networking (CSN)
and cross-functional groups including sales, marketing, product management. engineering, qualty assurance, and fee-services.
TECHNICAL STRATEGY
« Established remote support and support automation for CSN products—provides automated fixes for system issues
and enabled product design to support automated functionality.
. Selected to be a member of various SWAT teams to solve Class-level product Quality problems—manage the
customer experience for issue resolution and implement risk mitigation strategies; communicate with business team
stakeholders including manufacturing, the supply chain, and customer service to implement supportabllity across the
enterprise.

. Direct security vulnerahilty reparting for CS Networking (CSN) products in the field—work with various CSN labs to
resolve security vulnerability and implement solutions.

« Led partnership with Corel, E-Ware, Avid, and Software Secure as pert of the CS Network E-Systam (NES) product
alliance to determine cali flow, service level agreements, and escalation paths for NES products.