ROBERT SMITH
Cyber Security Analyst

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY

Seasoned Cyber Security Analyst with 6+ years of experience in system security
safeguards with adherence to FISMA and NIST Special Publications. Proficient in risk
assessment and management, vulnerabilities management. Risk Management
Framework (RMF, Assessment and Authorization.

CORE COMPETENCIES

TCP/IP Network Administration (Window IDS/IPS, Penetration Testing. Vulnerability
Scanning. Anti-virus, Anti-malware. Network Security, Snort And Nessus Rislc
Management, Framework Assessment, Authorization, POAM Management, NIST, FISMA,
CSAM, FIPS Security Control Assessment, Firewall And Intrusion Detection/ prevention
Protocols. Windows. Mainframe, UNIX And Linux Operating Systems. Networle Protocols
And Packet Analysis Tools.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Cyber Security Analyst
Havilah Group Lic - June 2013 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Interviewing system administrators and other stakeholders to assist in generation
custom reports and/or artifacts in support of the AA process.

* Identifying security controls and construct a complianee matrix for tracking.

* Apply appropriate information security control tor federal information system
based on NIST 806-37, evaluate threats and vulnerabilities based on tenable
reports.

= Worling directly with Isso in the review of packages such as system security plan
[SSP) to ensure the ssp is updated based upon findings in the requirement
traceability matrix |RTM), and spearhead team of information security
professionals responsible for the development ot security policies, procedures, and
security assessment and authorization (aa) packages for various commercial and
government entities

* Providing security support to information systern security otHeers (Isso) and paint
of contact on the FISMA and Nist process.

« Initiate security assessment and authorization environments such as system
security categorization, development of security and contingency plans, security
testing and evaluation, system accreditation and continuous monitoring,

* Reviewing privacy threshold analysis [PTA) privacy impact assessment (PLA), and a
system of record notice,

System Support Engineer
Emjay Global Lic - Jantiary 2012 - May 2013

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutue.com, Usage Guidelines