Marcus Hall

Network Security Engineer
982-968-7687 * marcus23@yahoo.com « reflecting-void.net * North Eribertoburgh, Bhutan

My Life Philosophy

Security is not a product, but a process.

Summary

Experienced Network Security Engineer with 5+ years of work experience and a BS degree in Computer Science. Proficient in
engineer, implementing, and monitoring security measures for the protection of the network and critical assets. Skilled in managing
playbooks for security automation and orchestration using a XSOAR tool. Strong experience in managing policies for CASB using
Palo Alto Networks CASB and remote access solutions using Panorama and Splunk. In-depth technical knowledge of PKI
infrastructure, network, load balancers, DMZ, and VMware from a security standpoint. Proven track record of providing O&M and
engineering support to complex, mission-critical systems. Highly knowledgeable in network security, networking technologies, and
network monitoring tools.

Strengths
@ Problem-Solving ¥ Collaboration ¥ Analytical Thinking
Consistently resolved complex Demonstrated effectiveness in Utilized strong analytical skills to
network security issues resulting in collaborating with cross-functional identify vulnerabilities, analyze
enhanced protection of critical teams to develop and implement risks, and develop proactive
assets and improved system comprehensive security solutions. security measures.
performance.
Experience
GlobalTech Solutions New York
Network Security Engineer 2022 - Ongoing

Implemented and managed security measures for protecting the network and critical assets. Developed and executed
comprehensive strategies to mitigate security risks. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to resolve complex security issues.
* Engineered and implemented network firewalls and IPS/IDS resulting in improved network security.

* Managed playbooks for security automation and orchestration, streamlining security processes.

* Designed and managed policies for CASB using Palo Alto Networks CASB, ensuring data protection and regulatory compliance.

www.enhancv.com Powered by (CX? Enhancy