Robert Smith

Associate Network Security Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experienced Security Consultant with eight years of IT experience with a
focus on designing and developing security solutions. Skilled & technically
proficient with multiple firewall solutions, network security, and information
security practices.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation- April 2013 - April 2014

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for Security Infrastructure engineering as well as a
Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Checkpoint Firewalls, Juniper firewalls, PIX
firewalls, Bluecoat Proxies, juniper Intrusion Prevention devices, and
wireless switch Security Management.

Conducted monitoring, optimizing, problem resolution, root cause
analysis, and managed all aspects of access to specified systerns.
Designed, wrote, and maintained cornmon procedures, SLis and EXECs
for installed operating systems.

Organized, allocated, and supervised use of disk space for libraries,
files, and cormmon work space,

Acts as a professional assistant or project team member in hardware
evaluation, configuration, and software evaluation projects.

Reviewed, analyzed, developed, Installed, and modified Security Tools
and systems,

Executed security controls to prevent hackers frorn infiltrating company
Information or jeopardizing programs,

Network Security Engineer

ABC Corporation -

2009 - 2013

Re sponsibilities:

Responsible for maintaining the technical components of the
Information security architecture.

Utilized practical expertise in TCP/IP protocols and systern
administration for purposes of maintaining and troubleshooting network
security measures.

Enforced network security policies through technical rneans.
Maintained firewalls and other security controls.

Supported the use of encryption and public/private key technologies by
EarthLink employees,

Responsible for responding to and resolving incidents reported by the
NOC or by other employees via the Inforrnation Security Departments
trouble ticketing systern & quot; Minion&quot;,

d) Network Engineer Planned, installed, troubleshoot, and maintained
EarthLinks pool of dial-up access equipment, Cisco and Cabletron
Routers; maintained FDDI and Ethernet cables and power supplies,
installed hardware, including filers, switches, hub,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Network Administration.

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing —
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)