Taia Vahle

Network Security Engineer

® tajavahle@gmail.com
\ (781) 332-2609
9 Grand Rapids, MI

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Network
Security Engineering at Michigan

State University, East Lansing, Ml
Aug 2016 - May 2020

Relevant Coursework; Network Security
Engineering Fundamentals, Networking
Protocols and Architectures, Computer
Network Security, Network Security
Policy and Practices.

LINKS

SKILLS

Firewall

Network Protocols

Intrusion Detection/Prevention
Systems (IDS/IPS)

Security Auditing and Monitoring

Vulnerability Scanning and
Remediation

Encryption Technologies

System Hardening

LANGUAGES

English

French

HOBBIES

Coding
Penetration Testing

PROFILE

1am a highly experienced Network Security Engineer with over 3 years of
experience in designing, implementing, and managing secure networks. My
expertise in network security and engineering comes from years of hands-on
experience in the field, working with various organizations and customers.

| have a deep understanding of Firewall technologies and a wide range of
security protocols and tools. | am also experienced in risk assessment and
threat management, as well as network security policy development. My
ability to develop, implement, and maintain secure networks allows me to
provide services that exceed customer expectations and ensure the safety of
their data.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

@ Network Security Engineer at FireEye, MI
Sep 2022 - Present

* Spearheaded the implementation of a new FireEye Security Platform,
reducing security incidents by 40%. This included deploying and
configuring network firewalls and intrusion detection/prevention
systems to protect against malware threats.
Developed an automated process for monitoring user access activity
across multiple networks which resulted in improved visibility
into potential vulnerabilities, leading to increased protection from
external attacks.
Executed upgrades on existing hardware infrastructure which
reduced overall operational costs by 20%, allowing more resources to
be used towards developing additional security measures.

@ Network Security Associate at IBM Security, MI
Jul 2020 - Aug 2022

* Developed and implemented a network security policy to protect
IBM's MI branch against potential cyber threats, resulting in an 80%
reduction of successful attacks.

* Created custom scripts using Python language that automated the
process of data analysis for suspicious activities on the company's
networks, reducing manual labor by 50%.

* Performed daily monitoring and maintenance tasks related to firewall
access control lists (ACLs), identifying 2 critical vulnerabilities which
were quickly addressed before they could be exploited.

CERTIFICATES

Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Apr 2021

Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Nov 2019

MEMBERSHIPS

Information Systems Security Association (ISSA)

International Information Systems Security Certification
Consortium (ISC2)