Information/Network Security Engineer

Josh Burke

(address/phone available on request via c-mail)
E-mail: resume-200802 12 @ 1200802 12.1tempmuil.iokui.com

SUMMARY

OBJECTIVE

EXPERIENCE

Broad knowledge of hardware, software, and netw orking —_——— to ws rovide a powerful combination of
analysis, implementation, and support. Experience in system and network administration and engineering,
et are evaluation, project management, systems and network security, incident analysis and recovery.

Provide network, systems, and security experience, knowledge, and solutions in a system and netw ork-
diverse environment. Protect confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems.
Advise and engineer secure solutions for business opportunities. Learn and experience, mentor and share.

10/2005 - 09/2006 Getty Images Seattle, WA
Information Security Analyst IIT

Provide technical leadership to the enterprise for the information security program. Mentor and ‘train others in
information security in addition to training for other technical groups. Install and maintain security

infrastructure, including IPS, IDS, log management. and security assessment systems. Assess tastes risks,
and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues. Publish Security Updates newsletter for technical groups.
Draft enterprise security standards and guidelines for system configuration, Managed process and acted in
the lead fae for computer security incident response team. Perform and create procedures for system security
audits, penetration-tests, and vulnerability assessments. Develop scripts to maintain and backup key security
systems,

12/2004 - 10/2005 Starbucks Coffee Company Seattle, WA
Information Security Analyst - Technical

Recommended preventive, mitigating, and compensating controls to ensure the appropriate level of protection
and adherence to the goals of the overall information security strategy. Assisted in the development of
access-controls, separation of duties, and roles. Conducted technical risk evaluation of hardware, software,
and installed systems and networks. Assisted with testing of installed systems to ensure protection strategies
are properly implemented and working as intended. Assisted in incident response and recommend corrective
actions. Communicated with personnel about potential threats to the work environment. Participated in
aeenete recovery and analysis. Participated in development and maintenance of global information security
policy.

11/2002 - 12/2004 BECU (formerly Boeing Tukwila, WA
Employees Credit Union)
IT Network & Security Analyst

Maintained security of voice and data networks and equipment. Monitored and maintained physical and
logical security and access to systems. Responsible for support of exdsting security policies and procedures,
as well as creation and implementation of new security procedures, Risk assessment of partners. Presented
options to management for the enhancement of DNS, firewall, modernization of firewalls, and inbound e-mail
security and robustness. Assisted with the upkeep of network infrastructure induding switches and load
balancers. Assisted in migration of VPN concentrators to new project. Achievements indude completing
TruSecure enterprise certification, and development of incident handling procedures.

1/2001 - 8/2002 Internap Network Services Seattle, WA
Security Systems Engineer, Core Systems Development

Used previous experience in company to focus on securing information and systems. Trained and mentored
employees in many job descriptions regarding security and system basics, best practices, etc. Documented
exiting and in-development policies, procedures and systems. Deployed distributed intrusion detection
sensor network, Security lead on new product design team. Business continuity consulting. Developed into
lead security person at company.