ROBERT SMITH
Network Security Engineer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Over 7+ Years of extensive hands on experience in Network and Security engineering and
Network Infrastructure. Strong understanding and experience of Firewall on various platforms.
Managing and implementing remote firewall for State agencies using NSM, SPACE, Smart
Dashboard and CSM, Configuration of new juniper SRX firewall for remote site implementation,
Worked closely with the customer to suggest the need of firewall rules, help them design the
request.

CORE COMPETENCIES
CISSP, SCCM, ACAS, HBSS, Project Management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - October 2010 - November 2011

ner Deliverables:
Traveled to remote sites forthe Navy Marine Comps Intranet installing and configuring
security systems per specified DoD regulations,

» Built and installed Netscreen VPN devices using Personal Key Infrastructure,

« Worked with Solaris Sun boxes and Deli servers setting up Intrusion Detection Software
such as Manhunt,

« Verified functionality and compliance through simulated network attacks,

» Installed, configured, and tested devices to connect to the NMCI network to include
Foundry Load Balancers, Raptor Firewall, Juniper NetScreen- 5XT/204/500/5200 VPNs,
Symantec Manhunt IDS, Cisco IDS, and Windows 2000/2003 Server base Duikis:

* Poriormed vulnerability assessment on all network devices using tools such as ISS Intemel
Scanner, Retina, Nessus, and Microsott Baseline Security Analyzer,

» Closely reviewed DISA STIGS to make sure servers were properly hardened, and
developed code to test all requirements.

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2010
Key Deltiorittee:

3 month contract) Responsibilities User admin on the firewails RSAM, adding-and deleting
users as thay come and go.

» Manage RSAM tor submit firewall exception, removal. and approval,

» RSAM allows for automation and continuous risk monitoring ol critical information assets
and systems.

» Provided proactive threat defense with ASA that stops attacks bafore they spread through
the network.

A
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines