Robe rt Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Senior Security Engineer LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

An accomplished, self-driven professional with multiple years of reporting, analysis and audit

experience In the healthcare Industry. Experienced In building processes and standard operating

procedures, as well as reporting structures used for many levels of leadership. Strong ability to

aoa a posi and adapt to changing priorities while achieving quality outcomes to satisfy
usiness needs.

SKILLS

Management, Organizing, Coding,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Security Engineer
Community Health Systerns - April 2015 - 2020

* Organizes resources to perform security assessments and audits to meet regulatory and
internal security controls (PCI, SOX, iSeries) for the purpose of trend analysis and reporting
through the use of tools and audit methodologies.

* Partners with intemal Audit resources to drive remediation of audit findings and identify
automation opportunities for future prevention.

* Develops and enforces appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to
protect the confidentiality, Integrity, and availability of protected health Information (PHI).

* Assists management in setting project plans and priorities for tearn members.

* Assists In maintenance of tearn dashboards for cornmunication to leadership.

* Partners with CHS financial tearns to perform Payment Card Industry (PCI) cornpliance
assessments for devices storing, processing or transrnitting cardholder data,

* Assists financial business partners and led inforrnation systems and security resources to
achleve PCI certification,

Senior Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2015

» © Senior Security Engineer for a variety of external and in-house systern development efforts.

* Authentication/Authorization toolset deployment engineer Successful completion of Xceediur
Xsuite Operations &arnp; Administration training course,

* Course content concentration focused on privileged account/identity management ina broad
based enterprise environment Successful completion of ,

* Conduct global incident response, digital forensics Sarmp; Investigations for Qualcornms
worldwide Infrastructure,

» USA Built and ran Paladins network with DMZs for business and product testing Tested
products, primarily focused. on wireless security for WIFI Wrote ;

* Designed and Engineered Strona two-factor Authentication, Smart Cards Interfacina with
Federated Identity Managernent solutions, RADIUS, SSO, TACAS+ ;

* Invited by Xcert CEO to join KyberPass Sales Tearn,

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Psychology - (Middle Tennessee State University- Murfreesboro, TN)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings