CORA TAPKEN

Network Security Engineer

PROFILE

As a Network Security Engineer
with over 3 years of experience, !
have extensive knowledge of and
familiarity with network security
protocols and technologies. !
have an extensive background

in implementing, managing, and
troubleshooting firewalls, routers,
switches, and other network
devices. | am experienced

with intrusion detection systems,
security monitoring, and incident
response, Additionally, | have
experience in designing and
implementing secure network
architectures and policies. |

have a strong understanding

of risk management and

security best practices, as well

as experience in developing
security policies and procedures.
tam also knowledgeable

in the development and
execution of penetration tests,
vulnerability assessments, and
security audits. | am passionate
about staying current with
emerging technologies and trends
in the field of network security.

SKILLS

Firewall

Network Monitoring

Intrusion Detection/Prevention

Security Policies & Procedures

Risk Analysis & Mitigation

Encryption Technologies

cora.tapken@gmail.com fe:

(614) 099-3655
Lafayette, LA

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

\

© Network Security Engineer at Secure Network Technologies, LA

Jan 2023 - Present

* Developed and implemented a new network security system across
all Secure Network Technologies offices in Los Angeles, resulting in

a 66% decrease in security-related incidents.

* Developed and implemented a new secure authentication protocol

for all employee laptops, resulting in a 89% reduction in
unauthorized access attempts.
* Trained and mentored six junior network security engineers,

resulting in a 95% improvement in efficiency and accuracy of daily

tasks.

© Network Security Associate at Cybernetic Cyber Security
Solutions, LA
Sep 2020 - Dec 2022
* Developed, tested and implemented an intrusion prevention
system (IPS) for the LA branch, resulting in a 25% decrease in
network security threats.

* Managed a team of security engineers to successfully migrate the
organization's network infrastructure from legacy hardware to a
cloud-based solution, resulting in a 50% reduction in operational

costs.

* Created and implemented a comprehensive security policy that
was adopted by all departments, resulting in a 75% reduction in

data breaches.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Network Security Engineering at Louisiana

State University, Baton Rouge, LA

Sep 2016 - May 2020

Relevant Coursework: Computer Network Security, Computer
Networking, Network Security Protocols, Cryptography, Computer
Security, Network Forensics, and Network Security Monitoring.

CERTIFICATES

Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Jan 2022

Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Jul 2020

MEMBERSHIPS

Information Systems Security Association (ISSA)