H Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Network Security Engineer einai Veedesewikiasicna car

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Experience and skills managing and providing engineering expertise for network engineering
programs and projects through all phases of the systerns development life cycle. Furtherrnore he
has in-depth knowledge of Service Provider and Enterprise business models, architectures and
solutions with emphasis on: Systern Integration & Design, Strategic & Tactical Network Planning,
Testing & Troubleshooting, and Network & Project Management for Telecornmunications and Data
networks,

Skills

ForeScout, Palo Alto,
Work Experience

Network Security Engineer
Freedom Partners Shared Services - February 2014- 2019

Responsible for reviewing, testing, Gamp; implernenting all security controls for 10 non profit
organizations. with a total of 1,500 users and over 4,000 end devices.
Responsible for driving vision and laying out roadmap for security technologies Responsible
for developing overall strategy and implernenting different security technologies including
VPN auc security gap analysis and working with vendors to implementing desired security
controls.
Assist in the adrninistration of user access and privileges to applications/systerns, ensuring
that access requests are properly authorized, appropriately documented, and accurately
fulfilled,
Troubleshoot user access issues, including determining cause and implernentirig resolution.
Assist in the implementation of logical user access policies, standards, and guidelines that
balance business requiremerits, risk tolerance, and the clients policies.
Assist users and managers In thelr efforts ta establish and maintain adequate audit trails sa
that sufficient evidence of computerized business activities exists to reconcile accounts, to
detect frauds, to quickly resolve problerns, and to otherwise maintain secure and reliable
information systems.

+ Responsible for preforming firewall vulnerability testing and reporting,

Network Security Engineer

ABC Corporation - 2013 - 2014
* Manage WAN providing Internet access to 22 districts In Texas and 14 remote sites over MPLS
network utilizing circuits from multiple providers and serving 8 total of Gbps of internet

bandwidth to customers using Cisco equiprnent.
* Designed, configured, and deployed redesigned LAN for central facility to provide enhanced

connectivity and optimal user experience.
* Responsible for configuring and deployirig Windows and VMware servers.

» Worked extensively with CTO on budget as well as designing offerings for the school districts,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines