Steve Jones | sw
Business Singin
Bis SNE
Operations 1: 0121 638 0026 4a ooe ® o
Manager E: efatreayjck.com

PERSONAL STATMENT

A progressive Susiness Operations Manager with a particular strength im driving performance, reducing ineHiciencies and
cutting casts. Heve is 4 sell-metivated and focused Gandedete who hes ownr foe years expereince of working im senior
managerial robes, He is self suttioent and resourceful. with a responsive, couperative and knowledgeable approach ta work
oS well es prefesdesal attitude to dealing with all operational issues that may arise. Even thoagh he leads through the
factitation and empowerment of others, he is stl willing to take personal responsibility for all problems uncer his
povernance. Right now he is looking to pow a leading & establsred company that is going through a period of growth.

MANAGERIAL identifying, developirg and implementing best practice thal mereasos performance
Apt at resolving contractual, techedcal and financial issues with partners .
Sales and business development skits.
Knowledge and experience of procurement processes, procedures, and policy setting
Leading a team and prioritising and managieg resources through others to meet goals
Expenence of working in complex structures.
Develooing business relationships through networking.
Can communicate comptes technical data ond statistics clearty.
Stakeholder, people and relatanshe management,

PERSONAL Willingness to learn, improve and adapt
Able to take toug! deciwions aed sustain momentum, pushing fee timely action.
Incredible drive, enthusiasm and commitmert.
Ability to comesunicute in a clear end effective manner
Having the patorce to deal with multi decision maker sales processes,
Organised. calm and never bucking under pressure,

Construction Campeny - Coverstry

BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGES Aprii2009 Present

Responsible for ensuring that af Business Operational tasks are done correctly, costed etfecttyely and delivered on bme. Also in
charge of maintaining & good working relationship with the compaew’s main ciows,

Implementing new operational processes and procedures.

Establishing and maintareng foley and Nespany bilities for personne! under your management
DoPvering regular team communications and organising moethly meetings.

Controlling all associated operational costs accordeng to the prevaiing annual budget forecast.
Supporting the planning. development and overall managervent of project budgets, in cofllahoraton with rebeyant
senior field managers ard HQ staff,

Seeking ways of adding value to existina work areas.

Working closely to Guile and maintain close working reeationship with clients

Maximising accuracy, productivity and spane utilization,

Assisting in the recrutment, training and dewelopenent of staft.

Sohone disputes and complaints in a professional manner and within gundelines.

Building Company - Coventry
ASSISTANT MANAGER june 2008 Apré 2003

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Beminghors Merth Callege 7065 - 2008 Business Operations Mensgement Degree
Birmingham South Schoo! 2003 . 2005 A Lowel: Maths (5) English (4) Physic (C} Geography (4)

REFERENCES Available on request