PHILL HILL

Maintown, NY 77001 | (999) 888-1234 | phillhill56@aol.com
Business Operations Manager

Strategic planner and operational leader with strong background improving the performance, productivity,
efficiency, and profitability of organizational operations. Proficient at improving team performance through
innovative management techniques and providing resources to succeed, Possesses a high degree of
integrity and an outstanding work ethic seeking to apply management talents to drive long-term company

growth
Areas of Expertise
© Operations Management ¢ Conflict Resolution
* Business Development ¢ Vendor & Supplier Management
* Relationship Building * Process Change & Implementation
* Contracts & Negotiations e Cost Reduction & Containment

Accomplishments

Featured on television programs such as House Hunters, International House Hunters, and Selling
NY.

Built strong, confidential relationships with high-profile, film and television studio, and celebrity clients.
Cultivated relationships with fashion houses like Jovani, Valentino, Armani Prive, Carolina Herrera,
Christian Louboutin, Gaultier, Primavera, Claire's Collection, Chloe, Givenchy, Alexander McQueen,
and Badgely Mischka enabling acquisition of on-trend gowns for clients and customers.

Devised effective sales and marketing strategies, generating over $834,000 in net annual sales for
2017

Grew annual sales average of 18%, securing new customers and clients by representing ABC
Company at tradeshows and industry events.

Professional Experience

Senior Operations Manager 02/2008 to Current
ABC Express Maintown, NY
Manage 15K square foot high volume auto complex with 6-profit centers, including full service carwash, oll
change, New York State Inspection center, car detail, retail store, and café. Maintain consistent dynamic
aimosphere with real enthusiasm, meaningfuiness, and with purpose to customer experience and
satisfaction.

e Earn 5-star evaluation out of 153 stores nationwide 5-years in a row by secret shoppers assessing

customer service and business operations.

Hire, train, and coach 26 team members on P.O.S systems, company policy and procedures, and
customer service.

Evaluate and resolve conflicts as well as address internal and external business problems and build
customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback.

Create strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales which resulted in recommendations
from Police Departments and government officials for stellar reputation in service.