AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Business Growth
Operational Excelence
Customer Satisfaction

Continuous Profesional
Development

Problem Management
Client Participation

HR Issues

Technical Resource
Management

PROFESSION AL

MBA
French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Entrepreneurial spint
Persuasive & asticulate
Re kitionship development

Influencing skills

Nigel Brookes

Business Operations Manager
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A sell-statter, with bags of energy, who is always leading the &am from the front
and whe is not frightened to ke the initiative. Nigel has the ability ® work
independently in an envonment of change, challenge, multiple deadlines and
priorities. He has extensive experience of Business Operational mamers and is
paisionate about supporting individuals and businesses to excel. As a high achiever
who has a successful record of dehvery and exceeding targets, he can be relied upon
to cut all unnecessary costs and hit all goals set for him. He is an outstanding
individual, eager to deliver excellence at every opportunity , and right now he is
looking for a suitable senior managerial position with an excding company that is
looking to employ individuals of the highest calibre.

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company - Coventry
BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER April 2009 - Preseat

Responsible for meeting all relevant aatutery and mandatory requiremen’ associated
with operations and for working within the framework of the commpany's core valies, as
well as promoting 16 ethos and mission statement

Duties:

© Overall responsibility for short/medium nm planning and organisation of all
resources

e Developing and managing inerdisciplinary teams for multi-party projects.

© Participating in he sales process by denulying business de ve lopment potential.

© Writing up reports on business operations for the executive staff

«© Atenting regular progress meetings with Senior Managers and Directors,

© Creating a positive culmire where the work can get done

© Identifying and managing risks, nsues and dependencies.

« When approprae, provide operational cover for absent Senior Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manchester
ASSISTANT MANAGER May 2008 — March 2000

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development attributes

© Establishing and implementing goak and objectives.

* Knowledge and understanding of the financial information e&clnobzy.
© Proven tack recon! of developing and implementing business arateres,
«© Having a mature approach to wt-backs.

© Awareness of and sensiivily © cultural diversity.

e Sharing knowledge and expertise in a highly professional manner.

«© Deecsien making in a pressured, commercial driven environment.