Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

General Manager Of Operations Website : www. qwikre sume, corm

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY
Over twenty years in Supply Chain Management. Promoted to higher levels of responsibility with

an exemplary record of reducing costs while continuing to bulld cognitive teams and
infrastructure. Have operational turn around experience.

SKILLS

Inventory Management Department Managernent, General Management, District Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE

General Manager Of Operations
DA Specialty Foods - May 2013 - 2020

.

Oversaw the entire production staff,

Responsible for Customer service via telephone, internet &amp; face to face, operating a
multi-line phone systern, scheduling customer appointments.

Able to boost sales fromthe prior year by 25% by avidly booking each customer that called
for an estimate.

Able to sort incoming trucks/dumpsters into recyclable bins, resale items, construction waste,
and household trash &arnp; eliminate uneeded labor hours.

Successfully transitioned from office manager to recycling manager to general laborer to
accountant at all times of the day.

Responsible for each aspect of finding, preparing, and openirig the retail space,
Responsible for 325 personnel including sales services, warehousing, distribution and
logistics, procurement and customer service tearns.

General Manager Of Operations
Delta Corporation - 2012- 2013

Current General Manager for Bakers Square Managed several restaurants In over 17-year
history with company Responsible for maintaining guest ,

The trick to delegation is following up,

It holds everyone accountable.

Bulld and retain quality tearn members Build bench strength- Last 4 General Managers were
from my location.

Prepare and maintain profit and loss statements, budgets and targets, food and labor costs
Ensure compliance with brand and industry standards ,

Interview, hire, train, schedule and terminate employees Ensure compliance with liquor
licensing laws as well as local governing law enforcernent ,

Abrarns&arnp; Northwest hwy.

EDUCATION

BS in Sciences and Management Information Systerns - 1992(George Mason University - Fairfax,
VA)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings