AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Business Growth
Operational Excelence
Customer Satisfaction

Continuous Professional
Development

Problem Management
Client Purticipation
HR Issues

Technical Resource
Management

PROFESSION AL

MBA
French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Eatrepreneurial spint
Persuasive & asticukite
Re kitionship de velopment

Influencing skills

Nigel Brookes

Business Operations Manager
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A sell-statter, with bags of energy, who is always leading the &am from the front
and who is not frigitened to Uke the initiative. Nigel has the ability w work
independently in an environment of change, challenge, multiple deadlines and
priorities. He has extensive experience of Business Operational mamer and is
Passionate about supporting mdividuals and businesses to excel. As a high achiever
who has a successful record of delivery and exceeding targets, he can be relied upon
to cut all unnecessary costs and hit all goals set for him. He is an outstanding
individual, eager to deliver excellence at every opportunity, and right now he is
looking for a suitable senior managerial position with an excaing company that is
looking to employ individuals of the highest calibre-

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company - Coventry
BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER April 2009 - Presem

Responsible for meeting all relevant aatutery and mandatory requiremen’ associated
with operations and for working within the framework of the commpanys core vahies, as
well as promoting is ethos and mission statement

Duties:

© Overall responsibility for short/medium erm planning and organisation of all
resources.

e Developing and managing inerdisciplinary teams for multi-party projects.

© Participating in he ales process by dentilying business deve opment potential.

© Writing up reports on business operations for the executive stall.

© Atending regular progress meetings with Senior Managers and Directors,

© Creating a positive culmire where the wark can get dane.

© Identifying and managing risks, neues and dependencies.

« When approprae, provide operational cover for absent Senior Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manchester
ASSISTANT MANAGER May 2008 — March 2009

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development attributes

© Establishing and implementing goak ant objectives.

© Knowlkdge and understanding of the financial information e&clnobzy.
© Proven wack recon! of developing and implementing business atrateges,
© Having a mature approach to wt-back..

© Awareness of and sensiivity © cultural diversity.

« Sharing knowledge and expertise in a highly professional manner.

© Decsien making in a pressured, commercial driven environment.