JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. + City, State + 00000 + Cell phone 222.222.2222 + email@@address.com

OPERATIONS & MANUFACTURING EXECUTIVE
“Building It Better ... and Making a Difference”

Offering a highly-rewarding career guiding strong and sustainable growth at a local manufacturer while
role-modeiling a sound understanding of the precise tolerances and requirements that customers
demand to deliver best-in-class quality — within time-critical deadlines, in-spec, and in-house. Realize
the importance of incorporating strategic approaches and regularly upgrading equipment to stay ahead
of the competition; expert in metal stamping progressive dies, and familiar with state-of-the-art
manufacturing technologies and processes.

Charactenzed as a direct communicator; quickly eam the trust. confidence, and respect of crew,
customers, mechanical designers, suppliers, peers, subcontractors, and key decision-makers.
Accomplished at improving overall quality and consistency by building long-lasting teamwork and
structure; regularly invited by customers to deliver feedback and recommend solutions to manufacturing
processes.

KEY STRENGTHS
* Business Development & Growth * Manpower, Manufacturing, & Production Planning
Strategies ° & Competitive Bxiding
* Continuous Process * Cost Controls &
. Sassi gecnenntacen ol ta sal . recone =
. Forecasting . Conflict & Dispute Resolution
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Kodiak Tool & Die, Newmarket 1989 - 2010
Operations Manager

Founded this progressive metal stamping tooling company to design and bulk quality progressive dies
for highly-disceming automotive tier 1 suppliers. Led, motivated, and energized 18 direct reports
consisting of tool and die makers, designers, and apprentices.

Sample Achievements:

Accelerated company growth from “scratch” to a 20,000 sq_ft. plant that generated $3 million in
annual revenues at ts peak

Signed on 3 primary divisions from world-renowned Magna Intemational as clients which
represented approximately 50% of Company business activity

Maintained a zero on-the-job accident rate throughout entire tenure

Built custom dies for an assortment of Magna subsidiaries (e.g. in-die tapping) to address a range
of production concerns

Collaborated with business partner and foreman to write a clear-cut “Tooling Rider” which outlined
standards and informed clients of Company's commitment to top quality