Robert Smith

Senior Operations Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 16+ years of experience as an Operations Manager, A results-oriented
business professional with proven abilities in strategic planning, managing
projects, Improving the efficiency of operations, tear building, and
detailing project inforrnation to determine effective processes for
operations,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Operations Manager
ABC Corporation- September 2003 - Present
Re sponsibilities:
= Coordinating production, distribution, warehousing, and sales in
accordance with policies.
= Conferring with the sales tearm and associated representatives to
evaluate and promote improved and expanded services.
= Reviewing production costs and product quality, and modify inventory
control programs to maintain and enhance the annual business plan.
* Preparing annual data to support the business plan along with the
metrics for operational perforrnance.
« Overseeing Inventory, order new equipment, and schedule repairs for
damaged equipment,
= Planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; reward
and discipline employees; address complaints and resolve problems.
= Experience in lean manufacturing, waste minimization, and six sigma
methodology.

Area Sales Manager
ABC Corporation- May 2003 - August 2003
Re sponsibilities:
= Responsibilities managed employees, vending routes, and reports In
accordance with policies and metrics,
= Cold calling on potential custorners, and negotiating with the current to
grow the business.
= Accomplishments successfully trained all drivers in following the
process to achieve and exceed sales goals.
= Developed a training board, setting targets, and laying out how ta
achieve.
* Other skills and qualifications forklift certification class a CDL hazmat,
tankers, and doubles triples endorsements skills used all.
= Created best practices for operational fluidity,
= Controlled store inventory through warehouse management.

Education

Certificate in Mechanical Systems And Repair - 1999(Muscle Shoals
Center Of Technology - Muscle Shoals AL)Diploma in ALL - 1995(Colbert
Heights Highschool - Tuscumbia, AL)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

Microsoft Office,
Customer Service, Retail,
Secretarial, Powerpoint,
Excel, Word, Wordpress,
Filing, Public Speaking,
Budgets, and
Forecasting.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)