MAXINE WELLS

Maintown, NY 22397 | (555) 234-6789 | maxwells@gmail.com

General Operations Manager

Results-driven professional well-versed in MS Enterprise Systems, network engineering, project
management. and product support. Strategic leader with an organized approach and talent for building long-
lasting retationships, Proficient in recovery planning, project mapping, and training with the ability to problem-
solve and conduct critical analysis. Committed to providing high-level solutions that drive business and
provide outstanding cost efficiency.

e Reduced overall costs by deploying virtualization in entire organization.
© Lead transition from completely non-managed network to complete HP Procurve system, with multiple
Vians across multiple venues. Several are connected via tong distance point to point wireless using

Ubiquiti products.
© Designed and implemented overhaul upgrade and refresh of servers, wired, and wireless networks for
the Lake Placid Olympic Center
Core Competencies
¢ IT Management * MS Exchange
e Supplier Interface © CAT6 Termination
© Enterprise Platforms * Sonicwall Firewall Products
* Hardware & Software Upgrade Planning * Virtualization Deployment
e Budgeting & Resource Management * Fiber Optic Termination & Splicing
« HP Procurve Switch Management * Active Directory Domain Administration
Professional Experience
Assistant General Manager 11/2015 to Current
ABC Regional Corporation Maintown, NY

Manage transition to a new Mitel phone system and direct daily assignments and process workflows. Monitor
projects through assessment of resource usage and task management to ensure that costs are kept low,
¢ Install Catskill Thunder Gondola and new skier bridge resulting in solutions for company.
e Reduce year-round staff Increasing revenue and maximizing team performance throughout
departments.
© Create and implement new signage scheme for complete aspect of ski area.
¢ Develop solutions by reviewing network policies and infrastructure to evaluate sub-optimal areas.

Operations Manager 10/2012 to 11/2015
ABC Regional Corporation Maintown, NY
Managed daily operations, including electrical, vehicle maintenance, client relations, and IT. Served as key
corporate representative, liaising with multiple departments in support of operational excellence.
* Initiated complete upgrade of networking switches and firewalls and installed new Mitel phone system
improving company productivity.
© Troubleshooted and resolved internet connectivity and general software and hardware issues.
* Transitioned operations to new POS platform for 3-ski areas and 6-venues resulting in over 125 sales
points,

Education

Associate of Science: Ski Area Technology
Community College, Maintown, NY