ROBERT SMITH
Operations Manager I

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Over 5 years of experience as an Operations Manager, Distribution Operations
Management with notable leadership skills marked by incremental achievements, direct
to store, direct to consumer, and logistics within the supply chain distribution arena.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Staff Training. Edge And Impact Weapon Instructor, Loss Prevention,
Executive Protection, Event Management, Brand Management, Project Management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Operations Manager I
ABC Corporation - September 2013 - November 2016

Key Deliverables:

*® Developed and executed appropriate staffing and budgetary plans to align with
business forecasts,

*® Analyzed and responded to departments and business reporting to drive company
cost objectives.

» Continually eoached and developed teanrs to success by providing feedback
focusing on behaviors and results that drove leaming and performance,

* Improvement team across 2nd shifis resulting in a building 99. 85% accuracy
result.

* Notable irprovemerits were a 9% reduction in 2% errors and an average gross
margins of 20% to 30%

*» Leda customer-centric lean team in reducing non-financial store return credit to
the customer by +60% from 84 hours to a sustainable 24-S6-hour window,

* Achieved highest competency ratings on annual performance reviews In problem-
solving / decision making, team focus. active communications, positive impact. be
the customer, think talent. innovate and reinvent and executing for results,

Operations Supervisor
ABC Corporation - June 2011 - August 2013

Key Deliverables:
* Supervised operations throughout 3 shift distribution facility with ultimate
accouritability for the performance of 2 work leads and G5 associates.
* Role placed considerable focus on the primary gap of developing leaders and the
execution of process and flow improvement plans,
* Conducted strategic analysis of reports anticipating volume, payroll, weekly and
monthly operational budgets

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines