AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Business Growth
Operational Ewellence
Customer Satisfaction

Continues Professional
Development

Problem Management
Client Participation
HR Ivsues

Technical Resource
Ma ney ement

PROFESSIONAL

MBA
French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Entrepreneurial spirit
Persuasive & articulate
Relations ip development

Influencing skillv

Nigel Brookes
Business Operations Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A self-starter, with bags of energy, who is always leading the team from the front
and who is not frightened to take the initiative. Nige! has the ability to work
independently in anenvironment of change, challenge, multiple deadlines and
priorities. He has extensive experience of Business Operational mauters and is
passionate about supporting individuals and businesses to excel. As a high achiever
who has a successful record of delivery and exceeding targets, he can be relied upon
to cut all unnecessary costs and hit all goals set for him. He is an outstanding
individual, eager to deliver excellence a every opponunity, and right now he is
looking for a suitable senior managerial position with an exciting company that is
looking toemploy individuals of the highest calibre.

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company - Coventry
BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER April 2009 - Present

Responsible for meeting all rele vant statutory and mandatory requirements associawd
with operations and for working within the framework of the company’s core values, as
well as promoting fs ethos and mission statement.

Duties:

¢ Overall responsibility for shon/medium term planning and organisation of all
resources.

Developing and managing interdisciplinary teams for multi-pany projects.
Participating in the sales process by identifying business development potential.
Waiting up reports on business operations for the executive staff.

Attending regular progress meetings with Senior Managers and Directors.
Creating a positive cuhure where the work can get done.

Identifying and managing risks, issues and dependencies.

When appropriate, provide operational cover for absent Senior Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manchester
ASSISTANT MANAGER May 2008 — March 20090

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development attributes

Establishing and impk menting goals and objectives.

Kno wkdge and understanding of the financial information technology.
Proven track record of developing and implementing business strategies.
Having 4 mature approach to set-backs.

Awareness of and sensitivity to culmral diversity.

Sharing knowledge and expenise ina hivhly professional manner.
Decision making ina pressured, commercial driven environment.