ROBERT SMITH
Marketing/Operations Manager

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Operations Manager with experience of 144 years, successfully coordinating the activities of various
departments concemed with the production, pricing, sales, and distribution of products & services.
Comfortable working with people of all levels. and having an excellent commercial approach to solving
problems and developing business processes.

Proven Ability To Lead, Motivate and Build Successful Teams, Understand All Legal, Regulatory,
Information Security and Compliance Requirements.

WORK EATHAUENGI

Marketing/Operations Manager
ABC Corponition - February 200 — Present

® Managing a team of approximately 2! employees in a busy work environment,
® Estublishing and implementing departmental policies, gouls, objectives, und procedures.

Maintaining 4 good relationship with clients to ensure continuous business growth.

Developing sales strategies to achieve short and long term sules revemme objectives.
Communicating regulary with customers and management to discuss advertising project progress,
status and issues if any,

Planning the advertising account activities such us identifying customers, managing resources, and
setting deadlines.

Determining the sules forecast and present the figures to the management und customers.

Sales Associate
ABC Corponition - August 2005 — January 2009

Intereted with hundieds of customers to help guide them in their vehicle purchase,

‘This was done through an Internet-lead, a phone call ora custamer who walks into the store.

The goal was always to create an exceptional buying experience to build customer loyalty to
AutoNation.

Applied sules forecasting techniques and strategic planning to venfy the sales and profitability of
products. lines, and services,

Responded to telephone inguines by providing quality service to customers and associates,
Strived for quick complaint resolution; commended by the supervisor for the ability to resolve
problems on the first call and avoid escalation of issues.

Pioneered new accounts und muintuined a strong, growing customer hase.

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes