AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Operational improvements
Customer care

Business administration
Facilities management
Operational management

Strategic planning

PROFESSIONAL
PRINCE?

MSP qualification

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

B18 ONF

T- 0121 638 0026
M- 0121 638 0026
E info@dayjob.com
Driving license: Yer

Maxine Curry

Operations Manager
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A commercially minded individual with extensive experience and a successful record
in operations and administration management. Maxine is more than able to take on any
important role in the ramming of a business. She has a high level of technical skills
across a range of functional activities and can operate within strict operational and
management guidelines. On a personal level she is honest, friendly as well as
approachable and always treats people how she would like to be treated herself. Right
now she would like to join a well-established business that is looking for the nght
person to undertake a new role as an Operations Manazer.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Birmingham

OPERATIONS MANAGER Jun 2013 — Present

In charge of a critical position that has a huge impact on operational matters, the customers

» Providing evidence and reports of KPIs to senior managers on a weekly basis.
results.

+ Taking full responsibility for the day to day running of all operational areas.

+ Promoting a positive bealth and safety culture on site.

+ Continnously measure and evaluste the departmental coals and all work processes.

+ Working alongside other Operations Managers on site to deliver continuous
efficiencies and cost savings.

+ Providing cover for other Operational Managers as required.

+ Writing up reports, presentations and also minutes of meetings.

Company name - Location
JOB TITLE Employment dates (Le Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SEILLS AND COMPETENCIES

* Tackime complex problems by coming up with bespoke solutions.
+ Good verbal and written communication skills.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Project Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES - Available on request.