John F. DAVIS

6736 Holiday Drive West | Boca Raton, FL 33433
555.555.5555 | johnfdavis72@ gmail.com

DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS

Savvy Operations Leader with an undeniable reputation for delivering innovative business strategies and focused
solutions that positively impact the bottom line. With more than 16 years of operations, experience provides vision
and direction to staff. Establishes a budget of $322 M+ annually, while overseeing an operational budget of $5.6M_.
Initiates the restructuring of the living and learning communities, implements workgroups to resolve operational
issues. Manages change and analyzes data to ensure informed decisions regarding change management

KEY STRENGTHS

Budget & Finance | Operations | Student Devel opment | Accounting | Problem Solving | Construction Cost
&Containment | Strategic Planning | Office Coondination
Complex Change Management | Team Building & Leadership

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DAVIS STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS, LLC, BOCA RATON, FL 2015 - PRESENT
PRINGPAL
Addresses strategic issues by:

e Optimizing recruitment and retention through the assigning and implementation of marketing strategies

e Accountable for operations management and efficiency

e Cost management and reduction

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:
e Assisted in the development of the first residence hall project to be built in Bogata, Columbia.

FLORIDA ATLANTIC UNIVERSITY, BOCA RATON, FL 2014-2015
EXEQITIVE DIRECTOR, DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND RESID ENTIAL LIFE

e «Serviced 4,252 resident students regarding their housing needs

¢ Maintained anexpected revenue budget of $33.3M+ annually
e Developed and oversaw $5.6M+ operating budget for the department
¢ Provide general oversight of 252 professional and para-professional employees
« Establish general policies and procedures in the administration of the University Housing program
e Plan and project the quantity and type of student housing required
* Determine methods of financing housing construction; review and appmve major renovation and
housing improvement plans
e Control] al] business operations and accounting activities for the housing program
« (Collaborated positively with Capstone on Campus intheir maintenance of housing facilities
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:

e Instituted complete re-structuring of office to include the development of a Director of Resident Life
position as well as an innovative staffing structure Established a team to manage occupancy and
operations ensuring greater customer service and student satisfaction for resident students.

e Developed procedures and ememency response plans for students, faculty and staff. Lead first-response,
duty and training efforts with employees and stakeholders.

Re-allocated resources to better meet the programmatic needs and development of the resident students.

« Reduced melt in occupancy by 3.4% by instituting new policies and targeting specific populations.

GEDRGE MASON UNIVERSITY, FAIRFAX, VA 2010-2014
ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR FOR HOUSING S ERVICES
e Directed all physical movement and billing ofall 6,500 incoming and returning students with revenues
totaling $36 million annually