Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

‘ abana
Operations Manager I (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
An Operations Manager with over 3 years of progressive experience in the SKILLS
transportation industry, A dedicated self-starter, known for hard work and Safety Trainer, and Fleet
rellability, A challenging position at a progressive company that will allow Maintenance
me to utilize my business skills, Coordinator, Systerns
Strong Proficiency In
WORK EXPERIENCE Microsoft Office, Excel,
Operations Manager ! beh stlacae atte
ABC Corporation april 2013 - July 2015 aeena tne
Re sponsibilities:
«= Manage ateam of delivery drivers with a focus on OSHA/ FMCSA/ dot :
compliance, on-time delivery &amp; 99% claim free delivery for a LANGUAGES
roultimilllor-dollar metal distributor, English (Native)
= Daily scheduling of routes, hr task, bit inspection &armp; ca pull notice French (Professional)
coordinator, safety trainer and fleet maintenance, coordinator. Spanish (Professional)
= Daily, weekly &amp; monthly activity reports, fuel reports, invoicing and
p&amp;ls manage all employee records |.e., personal, medical
insurance, electronic logs management of maintenance ROs, vendor INTERESTS
invoices, fleet maintenance, recall and shop supplies renegotiated and Climbing
reduced outside carrier cost for a custorner In excess of $500,000 Snowboarding
during the ist year with worldwide recognition from the president. Spi
* Manage all inquiries, complaints and claims monthly safety meetings,
quarterly remedial training for all staff, OSHA, FMCSA and dot
compliance ca bite inspection, ca pull notice coordinator for n.
= California HR task- weekly payroll, Imsurance documents, time off REFERENCES
request, yearly reviews, disciplinary actions, recognition of outstanding Reference - 1 (Company
performance, accidents and injuries. inrtey 21C
* Dally route scheduling and prioritizing of customers and sales tearns lb a ELSA PRTY,
needs.

« Maintain an excellent working relationship with management, Is sales,
os sales, operations, warehouse, and CEO,

Domestic Operations Manager
ABC Corporation- February 2012 - March 2013
Responsibilities:

=» Managed ateam with a focus on growth, integrity and excellent
customer service.

= Dispatching, problern-solving, daily &amp; weekly reports, daily
customer account, weekly sales, safety, and production meetings,

« Manage inquiries and complaints dally, weekly and monthly reports
manage multimillion-dollar &armnp; fortune 500 cormpanies accounts,
Including distribution, warehousing, and specialized government
shipments.

= Review the work forecasts and determine productivity requirements to
produce during the day to meet the overall building objectives.

= Proactively identify and lead process improvement initiatives and lean

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines