Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

are Marshville Road,

. . abana
Assistant Operations Manager (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
auaticnats om
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Financial Operations & services manager with 7 years experience of SKILLS
increasing responsibility in financial management, customer experience MANAGEMENT SKILLS
sales and services, operations management and tearn mernber Team Building
developrnent. Looking for the next level opportunity in Operations & Leadership, Staff
financial management and providing support on extensive projects Siaeel
involving the development of products, services & tearn member growth Forecasting.
utilizing my experience in management skills, team member leadership,
strategic analysis & project planning.
LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE English (Native)
French (Professional)
Assistant Operations Manager Spanish (Professional)
ABC Corporation- August 2005 - January 2007 : ;
Re sponsibilties:
= Responsible for coaching and developrnent of new personal bankers and INTERESTS
customer service and sales representatives on sales and quality service Climbing.
of clients Lead and direct a team of 7 bankers to provided business -diovwietaecinst
solutions to meet client needs and recornmendations. atk
= Inspecting and Monitoring workload efficiency to ensure branch needs
are met to the required standards Maintaining Monthly Staffing
schedules for bankers. R
* Analyzing daily financial sales and credit reports targets for upper REFERENCES
management review, Reference - 1 (Company
« Conducting observational feedback for strategic coaching with bankers Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
and tellers on customer service experience. Name)

= Assisting service manager on dual contro! task for cash movements
reporting -I\COM cash ordering, ATM cash loading, cash buy/sell frorn
teller line and vault balancing.

= Organizing key meetings for round table discussions for success and
Improvements Dally calls to discuss execution plans for Important
product focus &armp; implementation.

= Random check-ins to enstire contacts requirement levels are met daily,

Assistant Operations Manager
Trek Bicycle Corporation - 2000 - 2005
Re sponsibilities:
= Directly responsible for all products ordered by customers to be picked
up, shipped, and delivered accurately and efficiently on a daily basis
= Effectively manage all receiving aspects of the company, including
bikes and bike parts
= Interview, train, develop, and evaluate personnel Including Group and
Cell Leadership roles
* Ensure all non-conforming material (NCM) projects are completed
quickly and efficiently
« Evaluate and improve distribution center processes through continuous
Improvement and 5S
= Address any freight carrier issues with immediate resolutions to provide

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines