. 22 Street Rd.

John Smith City, Seate 00000
Cell; (222) 222-2222

Email: emailtaddress.com

rr re me ee a er rn a a A
SENIOR OPERATIONS MANAGER / FORESTRY & HEAVY ——— EXPERT

Highly skilled professional in log, rape. and operation of heavy logging equi ment for 20+ years, both
domestic and international, Proven record of success in completing multim hor dottsr projects tor both
government and private sector. Expertise includes full cycle operations, land purchases, harvesting timber,
paras age ea ipment use (skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, construction equipment), bid
fea inmen plow, marketing, budgeting, forecasting, contract iation, land planning, road

ing, and pared. and management. An effective communicator easily builds consensus and
= teams to successful completion of projects, Provide leadership ped mentoring to staff and apprentices,

develops positive client relationships ensuring repeat business for reoccurring contracts. Ability to

bend a rich mix of detail with planning and goal-setting acumen to achieve objectives,

CORE STRENGTHS
rer & Managemen’ Operations Sales & Marketing
© Business Plan Creation, ag © Budgeting & Operational Cost/  ¢ ~Marketing Campaign
with Banks & Loan Officers Margin Controls and Partnerships
¢ Employee Coaching & Forecasting © Market Forecasting
Empowerment © Business Analysis © Business cy Mos bag &
¢ Creation & Implementation of New — «Land Planning & Building Expansion Strat
Business Operations © Fully Qualified Heavy e Client Relationship”
© Stra' Decision Making a ret ar oaoe aoa Loyalty, &
© Critical Procedure ae . Negotiations Reten
© Project Coordination & ns . En amenity mization & . Tradeshow Coordination
¢ Innovative & Entrepreneurial Operation of ig Crews & Networking
CAREER AND ENTREPRENURIAL HISTORY
L&s agen, Gece Sprin aeitionien
Owner/Opera 2008-2010

Owned and operated a wale Sansa liquor store and ran day-to-day operations. Increased revenue to
over 200k in two years and subsequently sold business as an exit strategy, making a substantial profit.
© Facilitated operational directives including; inventory control, cash reconciliation, AR/AP, budgeting,
and forecasting, business management and compliance of all applicable state & local laws,
¢ Established key relationships with vendors, suppliers, and other sales personnel to leverage profitable
pricing and buying power.
e Executed product marketing placement and promotions to clevate sales of new and existing products,
¢ Created seasonal promotional campaigns to successfully move product, providing for opportunities to
carry new items and remain competitive in the market.

Pioneer Logging, Williams Lake, BC

In ent Sub-Contractor 2007-2008
Facilitated tree-cutting phase of harvesting timber for a 1 year contract. Mapped out and developed
forestry block and clearing of trees for road development; operated feller buncher to harvest 140,000
cubic meters of timber.

Training Harvest E ition, Russia

Independent Contractor/Trainer 2006-2007
Tigercat Forestry Equipment Company sponsored my travel to Russia, sending me for the purpose of
teaching the Russian loggers how to operate new and innovative equipment with the expected result in
harvesting a higher volume of timber per day. This initiative could take them from harvesting 250,000
cubic meters of timber per year up to 700,000 cubic meters per year. The company shipped 5 pieces of
new heavy logging equipment to Russia to assist in this goal. 1 spent three months coaching and
mentoring the Russian harvesters and also developed a project plan to restructure their harvesting,
methods and processes to enable them to reach this goal.