Carl Watson, Operations Manager

788 Dumbo Corner, New York, NY 1 009, United States, (917) 438-7712, crl_waxptson@gmail.com

PROFILE

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Apr 204—Jan 208

May 201 — Mar 2014

EDUCATION

Aug 201 2— May 2014

Aug 200 — May 201

SKILLS

REFERENCES

INTERNSHIPS

Jan 20.1 — May 201

Experienced and effective Operations Manager bringing forth valuable industry experience and a passion for
management. Results oriented with a proven track record of improving overall operations within a company
or department. Adept in analytical thinking, strategic planning, leadership, and the management of staff and

procedures.

Operations Manager, New York University

New York

* Successfully led all daily operational aspects in the Human Resources Department of the undergraduate

school.
* Managed and evaluated workflow and productivity, making changes where necessary.

* Developed and implemented performance standards and procedural changes to drive productivity and

quality.

* Effectively directed and oversaw staff, designing schedules to meet the needs of the department as well as

the needs of employees.

Assistant Director of Human Resources Department, New York
University

* Effectively helped to managed Human Resources concerns and department workflow.

New York

° Developed and fostered positive relationships with University members and outside contacts to help

achieve program objectives.

* Maintained extremely well organized records and handled all HR matters with confidentiality and the

application of company standards.

Master of Management, New York University

Bachelor of Communications, Hunter College

Excellent Judgment Skills Expert Effective Management Strategies

Strong Communication Skills Expert Staff Organizational Skills

Chris Nelson from Hunter College
cnelson@hunter.edu - 2 2337-3 B3

Debrah Laines from New York University
laines@nyu.edu - 2 2863-2201

Malcolm Holder from New York University
holder@nyu.edu - 2 2863-8311

Human Resources Intern , New York University

New York

New York

Expert
Expert

New York

* Assisted with student issues and concerns by working to resolve them professionally and quickly.

* Served as a helpful assistant to all members of the HR department.