Sr. Operations Manager Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Results driven Operations professional with proven ability to translate business goals into HR
strategies, align resources to Improve organization effectiveness and increase bottorn line results.

Strategic Management, Operations Management, P&L Responsibility, Revenue Cycle, Multi-Site
Operations, Change Management,

Work Experience

Sr. Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 1999 - 2002

.

Responsible for all facets of high volume, customized on-dernand fulfillment operation;
utilizing multiple systems and distribution channels to provide world-class customer service.
Managed start-up and rapid growth phase of On-Dermand Manufacturing operation in an
Oracle ERP and WMS systems based environment,

Business experienced volume growth of +3 00% and staf growth of 200%.

Leveraged lean manufacturing and continuous improvement methodologies to drive cost and
productivity Improvernents of 15-20% annually,

Operation ranked in top 5% of division in key business measures.

Implernented first self-directed associate tearn model in the division.

Involved production associates in every aspect of operation from interviewing to new business
Implementation.

Sr. Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 1994 - 1999

Multimillion dollar global provider of acvanced gas and liquid delivery solutions for the global
semiconductor and related electronics markets.

Directed four manufacturing lines in the production of gas module and ultra clean piping
solutions for the serniconductor industry.

Responsible for R&D, Pilot, and Volume manufacturing.

Oversaw Industrial, Test, and Manufacturing Engineering teams to improve efficiency and
throughput of work orders throughout the production cycle.

Reduced overall cycle times from 11 weeks to 3.2 weeks to exceed customer expectations.
Improved Rolled Throughput Yield fromm 42% to 98%,

Certified Six Sigrna Black with project yielding $525K in savings..

Education

Master of Business Administration - (East Carolina University - Greenville, NC)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines