9874512356

S mM i t A h uj a smahuja@gmail.com

: 23, B.T Road, New Delhi
Branch Banking
Professional

Banking operations expert with skills in identifying business opportunities, managing financial
operations, and streamlining processes related to operational risk. Proven experience in sustaining
cordial relationships with customers and ensuring the attainment of customer satisfaction & business
retention. Strong capabilities in preparing monthly, weekly & daily reports like dashboards with regard
to productivity, quality, timeliness, and areas of improvement.

_| EXPERIENCE EDUCATION

. M.Com (Accounting and
Branch Operations Manager

Finance)
HDFC Bank, Pune SRCC College, New Delhi
Aug 2020 - Present 2019

e Reconcile assets between finance & operations and ensure

verification. Research accounting issues for compliance. B.Com(Accounting and

e Maintain detailed records of crucial financial transactions. Finance)

e Develop/document accounting policies to maintain and St. Xavier's College
strengthen internal control systems. —

e Conduct risk assessments and identify controls to mitigate SKILLS
risks.

* Create & sustain a dynamic environment that fosters Branch Operations
development opportunities and motivates high al
performance amongst team members. KYC Operations

Assistant Operations Manager
Standard Chartered Bank, Pune Finanacial Reporting
Dec 2019 - Jul 2020

e Actively recruited and oversaw training for all new branch
employees.
e Implemented annual performance appraisals for all branch

Process Improvements

staff. Compliance Mangement
e Assisted with developing annual branch business plans for
maximum profitability.
e Provided complex service line with effective financial
management & control of the branch by dealing with
people/clients from diverse backgrounds. Team Leadership

e Maximized sales performance through the delivery of an eww

exceptional customer experience, people management,

Customer Service

and cost control. LANGUAGES
English i em
—| AWARDS
Hindi @®e se
Best Audit Rated Branch, 2020-21 | HDFC Bank, Pune Punjabi @©eee se