ROBERT SMITH

General Manager/Operations Manager

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

17+ years of experience as an Operations Manager, Highly motivated and skilled operational
professional with organizational, negotiation and facility coordination skills, A well-established
individual with long-term experience as an Operational Manager and Business Partner, including
company management and customer service.

CORE COMPETENCIES

New Business Development, Inventory Management, Negotiation, Strategic Planning, Sales
Management, Microsoft Office.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

General Manager/Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - July 2003 - Present

Key Deliverables:

» Responsible for tull-time management of 24/7 business troubleshooting and diagnosing
high-and beverage equipment

«* Aprimary point of contact for all employees and franchise subcontractors,

* Working from the companys inception ina garage and built it to present day success with
500. accounts and revenue of $23 million for the past-eight years;

» Directing twelve employees and dispatch technical staff to maintain energy management
systems (EMS) and service equipment for 300 franchise subcontractors for the running,
maintenance and replacement of restaurant and beverage aquipment,

«* Responsible for vehicle tracking and phone tracking lor quality assurance.

* Scheduling jobs; approve work orders, ensure proper inventory jevels within a team
framework,

* Running-and managing warehouse tracking inventory and inventory omer with a monthly
Quickbooks report,

Technician
ABC Corporation - May 2002 - June 2003

Key Deliverables:

* Action bullet resistant are specialists in fabricating bullet resistant windows and doors, Blast
resistant windows and doors, and also non-bullet resistant storefronts and architectural
metal systems.

» The company sets the standard for the desion & amp: fabrication of bullet-resistant
aluminum secunty storetronts and transactional counter systems,

* Estimated-specitic cost areas including installation, maintenance, and warranty.

« Designed replacement! glass utilizing wel saws, glass cutters and sanders.

® Advised clients about glasses losses and provided options for quick and effective
replacement.

—_———
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines