Business Operations Manager Een ee SG eae

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

High-energy executive who leads organizations through change and challenge to profitable
growth. Tear leader dedicated to managing operations and projects flawlessly. Able to interface
effectively with high-profile business clients, manufacturers, distributors, vendors, governmental
agencies and media. Strong leadership competencies; consistently delivering on product vision,
strategy and road-mapping,

Skills

CustomerFocused Service, Strategic Project Management, Brand Building / Development, Market
Research & Data Analysis , Presentations & Public Relations, Critical Analysis & Problem
Resolution, Multi-tasking & Time Management, Leadership & Tear Development, Cross-Functional
Collaboration.

Work Experience

Business Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 1998 - 2002

Managed, hired, and developed staff of 12 support professionals, reporting directly to Head of
Global Operations for a diversified global investment firm.
Oversaw financial software contracts by collaborating with vendors and enforcing terms of
agreement, fees, training, and application implernentation.
Planned, organized, and coordinated departmental events including corporate meetings and
offsite training and developrnent initiatives consistently delivering results on time and within
established budgetary guidelines,
Eliminated potential business risks by developing and adhering to operating metrics.
Supervise production of monthly on line and hard copy newsletter,
Key Achievements Built and managed $13 million annual operating budget for Global
Oper ations department.

* Initiated and established company wide training initiatives creating presentations, launching
programs, and facilitating sessions while enhancing employee morale and sense of tearn
collaboration.

Business Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 1995 - 1998

* Business & Operations Manager for the Maintenance and Capital Projects Prirne Contractor to
GE,

* Duties on this evergreen, $6-10 million per year project include supervision of Cast Control,
Accounts Payable/Receivable, Scheduling, Estimating, manpower, client requirements, e.g,

* background and government screening programs, OCIP enrollment & business development.

» Negotiated anew 3-yr contract w/GE in Sept,

* 2003 for the Owners.

* Initiated contracting department to. develop sub-contractors to perforrn off-site work.

* The most recent client is FEMA where we designed/bullt the new state headquarters as well as
designed/build a pilot program of completely sel-contained emergency response trallers,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines