NAME SURNAME

ADDRESS | T: | E-mail:

OPERATIONS MANAGER

A highly skilled professional with over 12 years of successful working experience in the field, including Operations
Management, Team Leadership, Production, Cross-Functional Collaboration. Monitored and managed operational
activities, documented and prepared reports as well as quickly and effectively solve customer challenges.
Maintained quality control/satisfaction records, constantly seeking new ways to improve customer service.
Confident, efficient, and flexible in a fast-paced multitasking environment.

CORE SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

e Production Operations e Operations Management e Team Leadership
e Critical and Analytical Thinking e Customer Service e Problem Solving
e Time and Task Management e Collaboration e Multitasking

e Teamwork e Communication e Organization

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Operations Manager 2015-2019

COMPANY, Location

e Managed operation functions including Inventory Management, Warehousing, Boxing and Shipping,
Receiving, Housekeeping, and maintaining Hazardous and Personal Safety Practices.

e Successfully developed and led a top-performing team in implementing production operations.

e Operated resin filming machine and other tools for the manufacturing facility, including calipers and
micrometers.

e Facilitated business efficiency by implementing broad knowledge in technical documents, computer and
software processes, and knowledge of ISO 9001.

e Implemented a system that streamlined the process by 10%, and cut production time by 10%

e Developed Safe Practices guidelines for production workers, resulting in improved work safety by 15% and
significant cost savings to labor.

Operations Manager 2011-2015

COMPANY, Location

e Managed operations (project management, capacity planning, $20M annualized bud gets, territories, goals,
and compensation plans) for 75 to 100 sales and marketing staff

e Applied lean process improvement to increase productivity per hour by 50%.

e Managed call center of virtual training reps who developed relationships with over 1,500.

e Instituted framework for Business Intelligence Dashboards in 2013, contributing toa company.

Production Worker 2007-2011

COMPANY, Location

e Enforced safety procedures by facility policies and government regulations.

e Reviewed weekly inventory charts and recorded facility needs and enhanced company reputation by making
sure work areas were safe and clean.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY, Location
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration | 2009

REFERENCES AV AILABLE UPON REQUEST