Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall; [nfo@awikresume,corm

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Assistant Operations Manager LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Over 4 years of experience as an Operations Manager. My career objective is to find a position
that utilizes my experience In executive-level support and customer relations. proven track record
of organizational and problern-solving skills. Adept at managing multiple projects simultaneously
while maintaining composure and @ sense of hurnor.

SKILLS

cee ails Basic Electricity 101 Certification, Class B Cdl, Hazmat Training, First Aid And
ertifie

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - May 2011 - Novernber 2013

* Responsible for the adrninistration, maintenance and overall management of business
pertaining to the website, the database, employees, vendors/ contractors, custorner service,
graphic design, print production, ernail marketing carnpaigns and event developrnent.

» Work with the content and editorial teams, | coordinated and implemented new site initiatives
Including new campaigns and social rnedia platforms.

* Adopted all graphic design and print production aspects for cpl.

* Developed processes to support the progression fromm one hosted event to the next

* Facilitated the launching of two new cpl websites, which included many complex problems
solving Issues.

* Developed and Implemented the customer service department and fielded all inquiries.

+ Adjust content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet.

Business Administrator
ABC Corporation - May 2009.- May 2011

* Managed a team of database researchers, maintained and improved the database platform,
created HTML for email carnpaigns, planned and prepared cms and web content production
and management,

* Accomplishments due to an executive-level position departure, | took the Initiative to learn all
business operational procedures,

* This included solving the website and database related technical issues.

» Career-coached multiple clients to advance from self-ernployed to business ownership,

* Authored three nationally endorsed ebooks on the business model for success for the
advancing small business, start-ups, the performing artist and integrative medicine,

* Assessed, developed and Implemented measured progress/outcomes for annual strategic
plans,

* Defined target market and fostered results-oriented relations with small business owners,
entrepreneurs, and artists,

EDUCATION

BA In Business Administration - 1986(University OF Houston - Houston, TX)Diplorma- (Cornmunity
College of Southern Nevada)Diploma- (Dagupan City National High School)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings