Assistant Manager BPO Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
As an Assistant Manager BPO, assisted the team in leveraging provided tools and fully utilized

reporting tools to increase accuracy and throughput, facilitated the review of standard systerns
and future programs to drive continuous improvement and drive efficiency.

Skills

Team Leadership, Communication.

Work Experience

Assistant Manager BPO
Delta Corporation - 2004 - 2004

.

Ensured timely research and resolution of production support issues, Investigated and
resolved technical failures raised by Super Users.

Troubleshooted and resolved issues Including errors, enhancements, and improvernents
related to SAP and other system issues.

Built strong relationships with business partners, required frequent travel between the sites
with occasional overnight stays.

Conducted training sessions with end users on the SAP Plant, and ensured timely research
and resolution of production support issues,

Maintenance applications and functionality as well as Materials Managernent and Warehouse
Management related integration points.

Cornrnunicated both verbally and in writing across all levels of the organization,

Maintained and administered process Improvements with a full understanding of detailed
business and systems processes that interact with the businesses,

Assistant Manager BPO
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2000

Troubleshooted and resolved issues Including errors, enhancements, and improvernents
related to SAP and other system issues.

Ensured timely research and resolution of production support issues, investigated and
resolved technical failures raised by Super Users.

Troubleshooted and resolved issues Including errors, enhancements, and improvernents
related to SAP and other systern issues.

Bullt strong relationships with business partners, required frequent travel between the sites
with occasional overnight stays.

Conducted training sessions with end users on the SAP Plant, and ensured timely research
and resolution of production support Issues,

Maintenance applications and functionality as well as Materials Management and Warehouse
Management related integration points.

Communicated both verbally and in writing across all levels of the organization,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines