BPO Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
As a BPO Manager, responsible for rnanaging multiple outsourcing projects per year, conducting

due diligence analysis, and Incorporating findings by creating a project plan and a business case
to support the move of each work stream reviewed,

Skills

Compliance, Risk Management:

Work Experience

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2003

.

Responsible for drafting and reviewing financial statements with key stakeholders for
productivity savings for each business case,

Responsible for identifying process inefficiencies through gap analysis.

Responsible for mapping process activities to desired outcomes to rectify operational
inefficiencies.

Responsible for recommending operational improvements based on tracking and analysis,
Responsible for conducting interviews with key business users to collect Information on
business processes and user requirernertts.

Responsible for raintalning & professional, organized, and safe environment for employees
and patrons.

Responsible for resolving staff rnernber conflicts, actively listening to concerns, and finding
appropriate middle ground.

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2000

Responsible for drafting and reviewing financial staternents with key stakeholders for
productivity savings for each business case,

Responsible for identifying process inefficiencies through gap analysis.

Responsible for mapping process activities to desired outcomes to rectify operational
inefficiencies,

Responsible for recormmending operational improvernents based on tracking and analysis,
Responsible for conducting interviews with key business users to collect information on
business processes and user requirements.

Responsible for maintaining a professional, organized, and safe environment for employees
and patrons.

Responsible for resolving staff mernber conflicts, actively listening to concerns, and finding
appropriate middie ground.

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines