Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Call Center Website : www. qwikresume,.com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

To find an opportunity that will allow to dernonstrate skills and abilities of the hard-working
person. Anxious to increase knowledge and help people with work in the Medical Field,

SKILLS

Scanners For Distribution, Shipping.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Call Center
ABC Corporation - December 2013 - June 2014

Responsible include answering inbound calls, providing specialty in collections, Microsoft
word excel.

Assisted college students with student accounts and financial aid threw clients relations with
the cornmpany.

Raised the customer service bar for department, compliments,

Ensured assistant with the client (school), raised professionalisrn as well,

Currently positioned as assistant tearn-lead for three major universities.

Responsible for taking Inbound calls, making payment arrangements,

Answered questions about the product details, the cornpany, and issues with account for the
customers.

Call Center
Delta Corporation - 2010-2013

Help pharmacies and billing Reps with processing claims Educate pharmacies with accurate
Information regarding claims Stay up to date with daily ,

Customer service, answering inbound calls setting up transportation for Medicaid patients, MS
Word, AS400, MS Outlook,

months computer diplorma 3 months autocat 2 D and 3D BASIC LIFE SUPPORT (1122) fire
safety certificate (1222) 2 month spoken English diplorna.

Answered phone calls, volce friendly, made customer transactions to their accounts, and
provided custorner service.

Help customer find merchandise, help customers pay jcp credit card bills Accornmplishrnents
Learned how ta cornmiunicate and satisfy customers over the.

Skills Used Strong ethics skills, good customer services skills, and learning how to work on the
computer at a fast paste.

Taking incoming calls 2-1-1, giving informational on ways to apply for SNAP, TANF, MA Etc,

EDUCATION
ahsd/ged - 2008(Vance Grarwille- Henderson, NC)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings