Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Infom@awikresume, com

Website > www, qwikre sume, corm

Call Center Technician LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

To find a company that seeks and values, within its staff, exceptional customer service, and
outstanding support. Moreover, a cormpany that desires an atrnosphere where effective
communication is encouraged to thrive between Internal departments, To that end, an
organization that is adept at utilizing technological systems that support its staff in producing high
quality and accurate documents.

SKILLS

Customer service, Leadership an Problern Solving, Excel microsoft word,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Call Center Technician
ABC Corporation - Novernber 1998 - Decernber 2004

* Provided feedback during monthly one on ones and yearly reviews.

* Maintained quality assurance within the call center.

* Randally reports and maintain weekly schedules,

* Provided excellent customer service skills during escalated calls.

* Managed servicevendor work performance,

* Developed new skills and systems.

» Mentored, trained, and coached new or less experienced call center technicians.

Call Center Technician
Delta Corporation - 1997-1998

Troubleshoot devices over the phone to clients,

Help patients over the phone with their monitoring devices.

Skills Used wom LOL.

Answered Incoming calls In regards to customers phone bills, orders, complaints, and

troubleshooting problems with their cellular device and service.

* Placed outgoing calls in regards to customer call back requests.

+ Maintained a high proficiency level of current computer applications, as well as the knowledge
of clistomer principles and administration process,

* Also delivered prepared sales scripts to pursue potential customers to purchase & product or

service,

*“* e© «

EDUCATION

Customer Service - (Yakirna Valley College - Yakima, WA)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings