KNOWLEDGE OF
Customer satisfaction
Prequalifying prospects
Arranging call backs
Switchboard duties
Customer service
Reception duties
Telemarketing

Cold calling

Resolving problems

PERSONAL SKILLS
Articulate
Prioritising work

IT literate

Diserete

Team player

Time management
Flexible

Detail foeused

PERSONAL DETAILS

Simon Hunt
Call Center resume

CAREER OBJECTIVE

A committed and well-motivated young person who aspires to hold a position
where he will be able to interact with customers on a daily basis. Highly
articulate & having a clear friendly voice, Simen is more than able to offer
concise & polite assistance in 4 phone conversation. He is currently looking for
an exciting opportunity in a customer focused environment, where he will be
able to deliver a high quality service & suppor his employer's vision.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Coventry North College 2011 - 2012
Diploma in Business Studies Pass
Birmingham South High School 2008 - 2011
Maths Pass
English Pass
Geography Pass
Physics Pass

CALL CENTER SKILLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

* Dealing with calls in ahighly professional manner.

« How to act as the first point of telephone contact for a customer.

« Handling complaints in a diplomatic way.

* Accurately updating customer records with information,

* Responding to customers who have special communication needs, such as
language difficulties or disabilities.

« Answering any queries quickly and efficiently.

* Quickly understanding a callers point of view and to empathise with them.

« Able to respond and adapt to the needs of all customers.

« Pully aware of all laws & regulations regarding data protection,

* Quickly processing information.

KEY COMPETENCIES

« Excellent yerbal and written communication skills.

« Ability to work with minimum supervision in a busy environment.
* Able to do repetitive tasks accurtely over long periods of time.

« Working knowledge of MS Office software and spreadsheets.

SELECTED ACHIVIEVEMENTS

Qualified to [TIL Foundation level.
Run a blog on how to ‘Exceed customer expectations & encourage repeat business’
Successfully completed a four week Advanced First Aid Course.