Robert Smith CONTACT RETAILS

hig Marshville Road,

F abama
Call Center Associate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
Seeking to secure 4 part-tirne Research Associate position in which skills, SKILLS
experience, personality and high energy can be utilized to achieve the Custorner Service.
company's goals,
WORK EXPERIENCE LANGUAGES
Call Center Associate Eg fehl
ABC C ration- July 2011 - December 2012
iil ical Spanish (Professional)
Responsibilities:
= Handled back issues requests and subscriptions,
» Answer phones and respond to customer requests. INTERESTS
= Sell product and place customer orders in cornputer systern. Climbing
= Identify, research, and resolve customer issues, Snowboarding
* Research billing issues and misapplied payments. Cooking
= Answer phones to respond to orders, general customer inquiries, invoice Reading
questions, and customer complaints.
= Project a professional company image through phone interaction.
REFERENCES
Call Center Associate Reference - 1 (Company
ABC Corporation- 2008-2011 Name) —
RAS Reference - 2 (Company
Responsibilities: Name)

= Operated a multiline telephone system providing quality, front line
telephone customer service to an average of 100 cuistorners per day.

= Ensured that custorner inquiries are resolved at first point of contact,
unless specialist knowledge or further Investigation Is required.

= Contributed to efficient work flow by scheduling patient appointments
during opportune times for both the customer and the spa,

= Printed, reviewed, and adjusted billing and other mass mailings as
necessary,

« Assisted with creating and maintaining personnel files Scan documents;
establish and maintain hard copy and electronic filing system; update
and modify fillng systern as necessary.

= Processed monetary transactions including cash, checks, and gift
certificates,

= Illustrated diplomacy by adhering to all HIPAA regulations while
assisting callers with questions regarding appointments and billing..

Education
High School Diploma - (Hunter Lane High School - Nashville, TN)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines