AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Workflow management
Contacting people
Team meetings

Cali monitoring

Cold calling

Conducting appraisals
Sessions

Customer service

PROFESSIONAL
Fluent French speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Hard working

Loya!

Porsittent

Focused

CONTACT

B18 ONF
T: 0121 638 0026
M- 0121 638 0026

Driving license: Yes

Maxine Curry

Call Center Supervisor
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A confident, outgoing and smart Call Center Supervisor who is calm by nature and bas
a good telephone manner. Maxine will always ensure that individuals and teams
always meet a department's call handling targets. She has a genuine desito achieve
results, both personally and as part of a successful team. As a true professional she
never shies away from responsibility and will always be at the heart of what is going
on around her. She has a flexible approach towards coordinating, motivating and
leading call centre staff. Right now she is lookime for a fast paced. exciting role that
will not keep her on her toes and keep her wanting more.

WORK EXPERIENCE

IT Company - Birmingham

CALL CENTER SUPERVISOR Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for coordinating, motivating and leading a team of call centre staff.
staff performance.

+ Creating team rotas to ensure the call centre is manned effectively during core hours.

+ Making sure that all services and practical arrangements for the call centre such as
Cleaning times, waste collection and staff access are im place.

+ Taking calls from members of the public.

+ Working evenings, weekends and public holidays in order to meet service

requirement.
+ Receiving telephone bookings from members of the public.
» Keeping an accurate record of all call centre information and performance statistics.
+ Managing customer relationship m pre-sales for an effective handover to post sales.
+ Escalating issues to line managers when necessary.

Company name - Location
JOB TITLE Employment dates (ie. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

» Able to conduct tough conversations with under-performing staff.
+ Have previously worked in similar roles.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Business Administration

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES - Available on request.