BPO Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

As a BPO Manager, planned process control pararneters and ensured follow-up on execution,
provided input based on VOC, VOP, or best practices to the value stream manager, and
maintained of process library, Ensured that all processes and SOPs were mapped and maintained
in accordance with the established CB standards.

Skills

Client Relationship Management, Strategic Thinking.

Work Experience

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2002

Ensured effective change management of key change Initiatives by VSM, process owners, and

Country stakeholders &ndash; ensured stakeholder Involvernent and buy-in to changes.

Identified, and maintained library and simplified exceptions across countries, processes, and

customer segments,

Supported countries, GSCs, and other stakeholders on operational issues and process-related
ueries.

Maintained and provided the framework for transformation and for continuous improvement

plan on the process.

Maintained the effectiveness of systerns and solutions to ensure performance levels were

sustained.

Demonstrated a successful track record of achievernents in an OTC of Credit Management

function In a global organization.

Developed and supported alignment within the global OTC organization, and maximized the

efficiency of the service providers, people, locations, ERP systems, and processes,

BPO Manager
sclera lesen 2000 - 2000

Ensured effective change managernent of key change Initiatives by VSM, process owners, and
Country stakeholders &hdash; eg ensure stakeholder involvement and buy-in to changes:
Identified, and maintained library and simplified exceptions across courtries, processes, and
customer segments,

Supported countries, GSCs, and other stakeholders on operational Issues and process-related
queries.

Maintained and provided the frarnework for transformation and for continuous improvement
plan on the process,

Maintained the effectiveness of systems and solutions to ensure performance levels were
sustained.

Demonstrated a successful track record of achievements in an OTC or Credit Management
function in a global organization. Project Managed implernentation of Collection or other OTC
tools.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines