Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Call Center Technical S upport Website : www. qwikre sume, corm

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY
A Call Center Technical Support position inthe field of cormputer networking where my network

routing, switching, and security configuration, installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting skills
will be utilized to manage, maintain, and secure network resources,

SKILLS

Interview Patients, Measure Vital Signs, Such As Pulse Rate, Temperature, Blood Pressure, Weight,
And Height, And Record Information On Patients’ Charts.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Call Center Technical Support
ABC Corporation - February 2005 - May 2006

Configured and troubleshoot dial-up, DSL, Cable connections; TCP/IP configuration;
configuring and troubleshooting various brands of wireless routers, NICs and PCMCIA cards.
Installed, removed, and troubleshoot Mcafee and Norton Anti-Virus software,

Educated the customers and made suggestions on technical issues in an effort to reduce
callbacks.

Handled 35-40 calls a day,

Maintained record of all troubleshooting activity using call center database software.
Assisted in producing outstanding customer service for Apple products Approved or
disapproved leave of absences of employees under supervision as deemed necessary.
Reported on a 3-shift schedule,

Call Center Technical Support
Delta Corporation - 2000-2005

Handled large volume of customer calls related to bank tax software Walked customers
through network setup and intemet connectivity Issues.

Inbound call center assisting teachers with transition te a new website they use.
Experience with technical support of software prograrns Skills Used Listening skills, customer
service, tearnwork, documenting each call, ,

Provide customer support (i.e.

billing, sales, technical) Dispatch field technicians for inside/outside issues Proficient use of
CRM and CMS ticketing systems Provided beta testing ,

Internet TCP/IP troubleshooting for Cable Broadband, DSL and Dial-up Troubleshooting
Network connectivity Issues for LAN/ WAN, Including Wireless ,

Troubleshooting Windows (XP - Win8) and Macintosh Operating Systerns Troubleshooting
issues related to Firewall, Anti-Virus, Spy Ware and Browsers ,

EDUCATION

B.S, In Cormnputer Science

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings