Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

. abana
PMO Project Manager (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Over 20 years of project management experience in technical delivery SKILLS
within the Information Technology field responsible for projects with scope Project Managernent
and size Up to $1 0M that are critical to the achlevernent of company key Methodology, Systern
strategic objectives. Her professional background includes: Certified in PMP Development.
Project Management Professional, PMI's Scheduling Professional PMI-SP,
Scrum Alliance Scrum Master, and ITIL information Technology Service
Managernent.
LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE English (Native)
French (Professional)
PMO Project Manager Spanish (Professional)
ABC Corporation- March 2006 - August 2020
Responsibilities:
INTERESTS
« Led implementation and delivery that established standards, technology
usage and design to support business Initiatives and processes. Climbing
« Led discussions with PMO, Demand Management (DMO) and Portfollo boil
Managers on global govemance, project prioritization, reporting on Resding
metrics, staffing and analytics. OO
« Led diverse project teams composed of technical and non-technical
resources to deliver timely and effective solutions based on Project REFERENCES
Management SDLC and Agile and Iterative methodologies,
* Assisted with managing projects advocating established PMO practices. Reference - 1 (Cormpany
= Reported PMO metrics (data, charts, and graphs) to management Nahe hes - 2 (Company
Indicating progress and methodology compliance, Name) —

= Worked in parallel with UHC PMO to created, maintain and merge
integrated Executive level reports, dashboards and project resource
plans.

« Maintained and updated HPHC portal.

PMO Project Manager
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2006
Re sponsibilities:
= Create weekly dashboard and performance metrics for tearn Identify
opportunities for Improvements in reporting communications and drive
adoption/.
= Basedin Emeryville, CA, GDS supplies clinical analysis and laboratory
testing tools to labs, hospitals, and blood banks worldwide.
« Advise PMO Director and lead initiatives on PMO Transformation.
= Lead cross functional project teams - Provide project coordination for a
portfolio,
=» Managed PMO RFP project for 3rd Party Project Audit Services
Developed and managed Decision Logging process and procedures for
multi-year, cross.
= Product Enhancement Project Managed all phases of a product
enhancement project for Amex payment systern (Globe) markets.
= Scope of project consisted of enhancement and modifications to the
VisionPlus payment systern of First Data Corporation to accommodate

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines