ROBERT SMITH
Jr. PMO Manager

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Results-driven certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with progressive leadership experience in
Program and Project Management, PMO Management, [T Management, Account Management, Training
and Communications, Change and Problem Management, und Customer Service. Well-qualified
prognim/project manager who has demonstrated exceptional skill in resolving large und complex business
challenges and attaining peak levels of performance.

SKILLS

Progrum Manager, Project Manager, General Management, Portfolio Manager.

WORK EATHIUENGI

Jr. PMO Manager
ABC Corponition - 2007 — 2009

Created a new Project Management Office (PMO) Center of Excellence (COB).

Developed policies, procedures and new govemance model for the professional services delivery
group.

Managed a portfolio of 180 projects (averge) in about 15+ Million dollars in delivered professional
services,

Ensured the streamlined operation of the Project Management Departmentin alignment with the
business objectives of the organization for the implementution of enterprise public safety software
systems,

Mentified yearly Project Management initiatives and worked to identify needed resources to meet
the initiatives,

Monitored these initiatives on an on-going basis to assess completion, effectiveness, und their
SUCCESS.

Created the PMOs new project delivery methodology based on PM PMBOK guide,

PMO Manager
Delta Corponitian - 2004 — 2008

Created a Project Management Office (PMO) within the Research &ump; Development department,
Managed 4 team of Project Coordinators that supported commercuilizatian projects as they
proceeded through the stage gute process,

Educated team and R&amp:D project leads on foundation project management knowledge and
promoted the use of best practices.

Led and completed individual projects that supported companys strategic goals.

Implemented and managed project mumagement tool within department Manage both office and
virtual project manugement team Responsihilities include -

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes