ANDREW CLARK
PMO Project Manager!

SUMMARY

Experienced PMO Project Manager with a proven track record of
implementing best practice project management processes, reporting, and
coordination of cross-project activities. | have extensive experience in the
Aerospace, Defence, Automotive, Engineering, and a tinedtaites
industries, with a strong focus on driving consistency, developing
processes, and improving project outcomes.

EXPERIENCE

PMO Project Manager 2018 - 2021

Aerospat % Defenc: rq Kidderminster

Accountable for best practice project management p

ordination of cro: ect activities.

reporting, and co

Managed PMO to provide tools and services to PM teams and wider business
resulting in increased efficiency

eloped and maintained standardised reporting of project and business
KPlis leading to improved project out 2S
Managed risk register a adherence and ownership of the risk management tool,

ensuring timely mitig

PMO Manager 2016 - 2017

nA ‘ 7

ianul IrinG |

Birmingham

Managed project review meetings and maintained WBS project structures for PM
teams

. fan naged project review meetings, including reporting monthly programme

performance metrics, leading to improved project outcomes
* Maintained common W O ‘tures for use by the PM teams, resulting

in increased efficiency and

+ Contributed to the analysis of cost control plans and programme margins led

by PMs.

Project Coordinator

qin ry c . | { Worcester
Assisted Project Managers in developing and maintaining project schedules and
budgets
* Assisted P noe t Managers in developing and maintaining project schedules
and budgets resulting in timely completion of projects
+ Created and maintained project Imentation, ensuring that all stakeholders

were up-to-date on project progress.
+ Identified and resolved project issues and risks in a timely manner, minimizing

their impact on project outcomes.

EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical 2010 - 2014

Engineering

Powered b

y CH Enhancyv www.enhancv.con

STRENGTHS

& Effective pacers

Process Improvement

Implemented a new prt
management softwar
resulting in a 20% increase in
productivity.

Risk Management

SKILLS

Project Management -
Cross-functional Coordination -
Quality Management -

Cost Management -

Risk Management -

Process Improvement -

Report Writing

ACHIEVEMENTS

“e Successful
Implementation of
New Project
Management Software

AWARDS

% Employee of the
Month