PMO Analyst Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

PMO Analyst with 5+ years in business and gaining invaluable client-facing experience, I've decided
to change careers to web development, | find programming and problem-solving more fulfilling than
anything I've done so far in my career. Over the last year, | have worked on learning new
programming languages and algorithmic problem-solving.

Ruby, HTML 5, CSS3, SQL, Javascript.

Work Experience

PMO Analyst
ABC Corporation - March 2013 - February 2015

Developed unique Project Methodology for Vistex.

Created detailed Instructions, summary whitepaper, template and accelerator documents
needed tolaunch the Methodology across all regions.

Provided a structure lor managing projects and customer relations al Vistex,

Presented final Methodology to business in the form of a PowerPoint presentation.

Obtained buy-in from upper management as key milestones were completed.

Coordinated 15+ ongoing projects for the European region, including the resources, budgets,
documentation, quality reviews, and the CRM database.

Led to marked improyements in resource tracking and QA process adherence,

PMO Analyst
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2013

Facilitated account level management of high priority TCS client /vendor generating $106M
annually.

Responsible for revenuc management, Invoice monitoring, project resource management,
contract management, business /account plans, process .

Introduced Pre-checks and automated tasks reducing the billing cyele and achieving aceuracy
with 100% completion rate from the previous counts of 80% -

Created Metrics reports on GAMMIS performance for company and client usage, and provided
analysis of information for project direction Evaluated and -

Implement and maintain governance standards across the portlolio, including tracking,
monitoring and updating the status of project deliverables .

Collaborated with workstream leads in tracking and reporting project deliverables Assisted
program and project managers to create and communicate -

Experience working in a global environment witha project team dispersed across multiple
countries Strong familiarity with project management -

Education

MS

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines