ROBERT SMITH

PMO Director
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

To provide vision and advancement of global organizational goals/business
objectives in the areas of; Enterprise Program Management, User
Experience/Product Management, Strategic C Level Operational Leadership, IT/IS
Application Devaopment Execution Program/Project Management.

SEPTEMBER 2013 - 2021
PMO DIRECTOR - ABC CORPORATION

200

Developed and ddivered enterprise level comm plan for effective
communication of PMO operational goals, achievements and barriers Manage
large scale enterprise level projectyprograms within the overall strategic
Partnership team, between all teams involved including technology, product
development and top brass executive stiite heavy client and partner leva
engagement and product interaction Work closely with Internal business
development and solution architecture teams to ensure that the partner
solutions planned meet the business objectives and are delivered within the
required time and budget constraints.

Oversaw critical milestones, which include developing detailed project plan(s)
for implementation of Partnership solutions as well as the day-to-day
management of the tasks, dependencies Issues reporting and other associated
project management tasks necessary to achieve the expected milestones and
outcomes.

Provided critical analysis on risks, issues, and interdependencies.

Provided focused and effective collaboration across several cross-functional
teams throughout the various phases of the project to successfully implement a
new application &amp; related process and resource changes are made.
Communicated progress, Issues and key learnings to senior leadership, key
stakeholders and team members on a regular basis.

Worked on strategic direction to help transform company.

Developed project controls so that objectives are met in a timely and cost
effective manner.

8 - 2013

PMO DIRECTOR - DELTA CORPORATION

VA Created proposal and implementation of new TEDS PMO Routine
administration-maintenance of PMO and Project Server Provided project ,
Compiled and reported deveaopment project estimating to TEDS Contracts
Administrator.

Project/Portfolio Management and Reporting to Director of Development.

Led team of 8 employee project managers as well as several contractor project

© The Free Resume Template % the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines