PMO Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

GLOBAL PMO MANAGEMENT High-perforrning healthcare informatics and Interoperability PMO
manager with expertise In directing cormplex Mult) hospital, multi-facility projects and tears that
bulld/optimize organizational processes, redesign and/or enhance Infrastructure, clinical
applications, revenue billing systems and mobile technologies to maximize business results.

Skills

PMP. PormP, PFMP, Six Sigma.

Work Experience

PMO Manager
ABC Corporation - 2008 - September 2014

Provided direction for multi-industry engagements involving company restructuring, LEAN
Prograrn Operations, Continuous Quality and Process Irnprovernent.

Lead ROI, P&amp;L, critical milestone managernent, cash flow analysis; outsource analysis
and risk /proposal assessments,

Provided SharePoint training for more than 6,500 city employees.

Autornation Project consolidated delineated applications forthe City of Memphis across
functional service divisions to unify application platform.

Delivered 83% Initiation’ planning Improvernents in first four rnonths for better
alignment/exe cution of program requirements with cross functional tear ,

Responsible for assembling an installation tearn and assigning Individual responsibilities.
Identified appropriate resource needs and developing onsite work schedules to ensure timely
cornpletion of project.

PMO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2008

Independent Contractor) Managed the response and remediation of OCC/FRB regulatory
cormmitmerits.

Led IT Risk Marnt PMO (tearm of 12 with budget of $1.5M) including desianed and developed
the IT Risk Governance Portfollo standardization model,

Implemented and managed project managernent tool within departrnent Manage both office
and virtual project management tearn Responsibilities include ,

Singled out by Sr

Platform Director to boost NAFTA/LATAM underperforming prograrns, build credibility with
executive tear by providing unbiased objective evidence of ,

Significant Accomplishments Directed developrnent of robust planning standards, product
portfollo dashboard, program health reports, standardized ,

This Is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines