ROBERT SMITH
PMO Director

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Detail oriented, innovative PMO Director with 20-years extensive consulting and
development experience within highly competitive markets. Analytical strategist skilled
in successfully navigating corporations through periods of accelerated growth. Credited
with an expertise in full life cycle SDLC and PMO process implementation to align
projects with business initialives..

CORE COMPETENCIES

Strategic Planning, Project Management. Program Management. Implementation.
Executive Management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PMO Director
ABC Corporation - June 2010 - 2021

Key Deliverables:

* Ledan engagement with a healthcare logistics distributor client to build their
PMO processes and lead management of active projects,

* Leda PMO for a large healltheare system in the Washington DC area,

* Collaborated with clients three business areas to balance msource needs with
project priorities,

* Worked with senior client management on portfolio prioritization of projects and
key project demands.

* Developed team of project managers to deliver quality project results.

* Implemerited Dells PMS project management methodology,

*® Led PMO for a privately hekd Dell client in the Healthcare provider industry in
Westchester County New York

PMO Director
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2010

Key Deliverables:

* Led team of 8 employee project managers as well as several contractor project
mariagers engaged for project work spikes.

» Provided services in portfolio and project management for MeadWestvaces global
portiolio of projects of $24M plus per year.

* Organized and managed the IT project portfolio.

* Led efforts to take the PMO global and roll aut the project management
methodology to the information services organization.

* Assisted project managers in leading several strategic projects including SAP
Human Capital Management (HCM) and SAP ERP 6,0.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines