David Kent, PMP .

Email: davidkent@pmresults.ca Resume
Phone: (c) 403-818-5771

PROFILE

Senior manager with over 15 years of hands-on experience spanning program, project, PMO, product
and team management. A diverse background in technical and managerial areas with experience in
creating vision, strategies, portals, business management, software development, ecommerce, CMS
applications, SEM, SEO, web strategies and for delivering business critical information system projects
to clients located in North America & Europe.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE / ACCOMPLISHMENTS

AltaLink
Manager, INOIS porfolio projects Aug. 2011 — Present

Project Management Office (PMO) - Worked closely with PM team and senior leadership to develop
and implement the PMO, including the creation of the Project lifecycle, Frameworks, governance and
standards to be utilized.

*e Mananged a team of 20 project managers delivering approx. 45M in Capital portfolio of projects
spanning 13 programs including(but not linited to) IS, Safety,Facilities, NetCom, System
Operations and Cyber Security

® Worked with business units to develop the |NOIS General Tariff application(GTA) submission to
the Alberta Regulator

e Identified he |NOIS Identified PMO current state and conducted a process and project
management maturity gaps analysis
Identified opportunities during the creation of the PMO governance
Identified optimal scalable phases that were agnostic to Project Delivery Methodologies
Identified a scalable Project Life Cycle that would deliver projects ina repeatable, consistent and
predictable manor
Designed, and developed strategies for the implementation of anew PLC.

e Asa Senior Project Manager and Trusted Advisor provided mentoring and coaching to the Project
Managers

Optimal Payments Pic.
Director, Project Support Office (PSO) Mar. 2011 —Aug. 2011

Project Management Office (PMO) - Worked closely with PM team and senior leadership to develop
and implement the PMO, including the creation of the Project lifecycle, governance and artifacts to be
utilized.
* Identified PMO current state and conducted a process and project management maturity gaps
analysis
* Identified opportunities during the creation of the PMO governance