Program Manager / PMO Director

Project Management | Strategic Planning | PMO Management
Energetic, trusted, and detail-oriented Senior Program Manager and strategic solutions provider with outstanding project management
and conflict management skills. Hand-picked by executive team to turn around underperforming programs; accomplished leader
known and respected for leading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff. Solutions driver
who bridges the gap between business and technology with expertise in managing complex programs and multiple concurrent projects.
Directs PMO teams to develop high-quality programs that solve business problems and provide tangible results for enterprisetevel
finanaal systems and legacy workfow systems.

¢ Conflict Management ¢ Tumaround Operations ¢ Staffing & Resource Management

@ Risk & Issue Management ¢ Financial Modeling & Analysis + ¢ Agile & Waterfall Methodologies

¢ Cost/Beneft Analysis Change Management ¢ Stakeholder Management
CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Professional (PMP) ~ Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (LSSGB) Professional ~ ITIL V.8 (Basis) Certified
Certified Financial Planner (CFP)

Professional Experience

Gridlock Builders; Boston, MA (201 Laat
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT

PMO Start-Up |ContractManagement|PMO Management 0
Trusted Financial Executive with CFO- and ClO-level responsibilites; adds transparency to IT and financial operations while adapting
financial strategy to organizational goals. or cemngeare aclbmact on pr pares ayer forsee nc fm
mentor resources, conduct performance reviews, and ensure compliance with established PMO processes. Direct business
forecasting and financial analysis activities and identify opportunities and risks along with action plans to ensure attainment of financial
goals.
. PORT gL eee BOR AE pug manos
including those related to requirements management, change control, and user acceptance testing
. Caparo 0% sningsin je atin ane mons cereus pj lan nd eegaaad nore wih ne
vendors; enhanced quality assurance and maintained timelines.
. Fecal ile ali ts a Wy i i wl ig i a tk
manage contracts for all IT vendors including website development, hosting, IT operations, and IT applications development.
New Morgan and Co., Inc.; Trenton, NJ (2010—2012)
VP OF ENTERPRISE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT
Off-Shore Multimillion-Dollar Global PMO Staff
Top-performing Program Manager consistently sought out to reengineer troubled projects. Managed PMO staff in a matrix reporting
ou caning cand He ace ek cee let Managed all projects, budgets, and
strategic analysis for all programs. Prescribed solutions that provided quick RO! for maximum revenue productivity, service
optimization, and system flexibility.
e Directed programs with up to 70 infrastructure and application projects—implemented vendor and financial strategies that
Soronal onied fame tal edeed cane te eet woh Merona