AIDEN KELLY

PMO Director
\ 1-977-718-6363 @ aiden.kelly3@yahoo.com
 lone-spit.biz 9 Adamsfurt, Belize

SUMMARY MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

Highly skilled and DV cleared PMO Director with extensive The best way to predict the future is
experience in establishing and managing Project Management to create it.

Offices (PMO). Proven track record in developing and

implementing project management methodologies, optimizing

project management processes, and ensuring effective

governance. Exceptional leadership and communication skills STRENGTHS
with the ability to collaborate with stakeholders at all levels. x

Expertise in a onect planning, risk management, and budget fe ee See
management. PMP and Prince2 certified. Fluent in English and
French. Proud of successful implementation of Agile
methodology and development of a leadership development
program. Committed to delivering exceptional results and vy Strategic Thinking
contributing to the success of the organization.

Proven ability to communicate complex
ideas clearly resulting in improved
collaboration and project success.

Strong strategic thinking skills to identify
project opportunities, risks, and optimal
solutions resulting in successful project

EXPERIENCE outcomes.

PMO Director
ABC Consulting SKILLS

&4§ 2022- Ongoing 9 London

Establish and maintain the Project Management Office (PMO) function Project Management
within the organization. Develop and implement project management
methodologies, processes, and tools. Risk Management

* Defined and implemented project management methodologies
resulting in improved project delivery efficiency.

¢ Established project governance frameworks, including project
charters, scope management plans, and risk management frameworks.

* Supported project managers in developing project plans, schedules, Budget Management
and budgets, resulting in successful project outcomes. BO

Stakeholder Management

Project Governance Project Planning

Senior Project Manager
XYZ Solutions Communication Problem-solving

(4) 2017-2022 9 Gloucester

Managed multiple projects simultaneously and ensured adherence to
project management best practices and quality standards.

¢ Monitored project progress, identified risks and issues, and
implemented appropriate mitigation strategies resulting in on-time and
within budget project delivery.

¢ Prepared regular project status reports and provided updates to
stakeholders.

*¢ Conducted project audits and evaluations to identify areas for
improvement and implemented corrective actions.

www.enhancv.com Powered by (CX? Enhancy