JANE MOORE
## # Street, Oty, Sate Dp Code
Mobile: +888. 123.4567 ¢ Email: jane. mocre@gmail.com

OFFICE MANAGER
PROJECT MANAGEMENT | CUSTOMER RELATIONS | GENERAL /OFFICE ADMINISTRATION

Dedicated office manager with 20 years of experience in office administration, executive support, project
coordination, accounting support, austomer servoe and human resources, Proven track-record of exceeding
expectations with high productivity and quality standards. Effective communicator with strong interpersonal and
relationship managemert skills,

SKILLS & COMPETENCIES

Gereral/Office Administration Quality and Safety Compliance
Gient Relationship Building Projects Administration

Records Management HR and Training Support
Scheduling and Coordination Cross-functional Team Cdlaboration
Inventory/Stock Cortra Reports Preparation and Filing

WorK EXPERIENCE

Office Manager Aug 2013-Presert
Standard Mutual Group Ltd., NZ

Oversee office administration to ersure operations run smoothly.

Provide exeautive assistance to 3 drectors in a variety of functiors.

Carry out office-related tasks, Inducing purchasing office supplies , maintaining sales materials, answering
phone calls, greeting dients, and updating electroric filing systems.

Handle salary and contractor payments, staff bonuses, employee inductions/terminations and staff
monitoring.

Maintain and update information on timesheets and inveices.

Administer company expenses by entering supplier invoices, gaining authorization tp pay supplier invoices,
updating payment details, and answering accounts payable/receivable,

Prepare and dsseminate management reports.

Handle assessment and streamlining of office general expenditures.

Office Manager Apr 2000-JU 2013
Police PMO Services, NZ

Assisted in handing New Zealand Police project management services,

Provided administration support to PMO Manager and Orector as well as coordnating schedues and travel
arrangements,

Acted as liaison for all PMO services.

Reviewed and filed manuals, guidebooks and forms.