ROBERT SMITH
PMO Analyst

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

PMO Analyst position on business operations as PMO or Project/Program Manager with
a reputed organization wherein using the project management methodologies effectively
and efficiently for the growth of the ontanization and attaining professional enrichment

in the areas of PMO along with the potential of people management.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Project Planning, Project Coordination, Project Management, Project Development,
Change Management, Risk Management. Program Management, Sharepoint.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PMO Analyst
ABC Corporation - September 2007 - August 2009

Key Deliverables:

* Prepared the MIS Reports related to Project Cost Profitability, Effort Billing
(Monthly /Quarterly /Annually). Project status report. Revenue Predictions,
Loading Factor and Effort Variance.

» Served asa conduit between the Program Manager and Project Manager wherein
facilitating the Project manager in meeting the key performuarice tnclicators (KPIs)
set by the corporate,

* Involved in msource management phases from project initiation to project
execution and allocating the right resource te the right project by following up
with the related resource coordinators of the units,

* Involved in creating and implementing workflows to facilitate structured support
in all areas and issues and grouping the similar projects and managing them ina
similar marimer.

* Supported ongoing improvement in project management office and ensuring that
project stakeholders haye up-to-date, accurate information about the project
status,

* Worked with various project teams and have diagnosed operational gaps, made
recommendations and proposed solutions.

* Supported more than 5 Leading Phannaceutical Clients under Phannacovigilance
and Clinical Data Management capabilities as regions PMO.

PMO Analyst
Delta Corporation - 2004 - 2007

Key Deliverables:
» Created and implemented management processes for issues. risks. and change
requests used by Accenture and client teams Managed prmject plan for seven.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York; 13420
© Ths: Free Resume Template ts the copyright af Quikresume:.com, Usage Guidelines