JOHN H. SMITH, MBA, PMP

P.O. Bax 1673+ Calahan, FL 32011* 800.991.5187
infoGgreatmsumesiast.com

Program Manager / PMO Director
Dynamic, versatile, hands-on Program Manager who leads teams to design and implement successful IT projects that align
business and fT objectives and deliver rapid results

Project Management | Strategic Planning | PMO Management

Enemefic, trusted, and detal-odented Sartor Program Manager and stratagic solutions pmvider with outstanding praect management
and conflict management sills. Hand-picked by executive team t tum aound underperforming programs: accomplished leader
known and respected for leading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff. Solufons driver
who bridges fhe gap between business and technology with expertise in managing canplex progams and multiple concurrent projects.
Directs PMO teams to devdop high-quality programs fhat solve business problems and provide tangble results for enterprise-level
financial systems and egacy workfow systems.

@ Confict Management @ Turnaround Operations @ Staffing & Resoure Management

@ Risk & sue Management ¢ Financial Modding & Analysis 9 ¢@ Agie & Waterfall Methodologies

@ Cost/Seneft Analysis @ Change Management @ Stakehdde Management
CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Professional (PMP) ~ Certified information Systems Auditor (C/SA}
Lean Six Signa Green Balt (LSSG8) Pmtssional - TL V4 (Basis) Certified
Certified Financia! Panne (CFP)

Professional Experience

Gridlock Bullders; Boston, MA (2011—Pmsent}
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT
PMO StartUp | Contract Management | PMO Management
Trusted Financial Execufve with CFO- and CiO-level respansbbilifes: adds tansparency to IT and fnandal operations whie adaping
financial strategy  organizafonal goals. Program Manager over ail IT projects—manage workloads. define deliverables, hire and
mentor resources, conduct performance reviews, and ensure com@iance with established PMO pmoasses. Direct business
forecasting and financial analysis actiies and identify opportunifes and risks along with acfon plans ensure attainment of fnanda
goals.
e = Spearheaded the development of the firstever Progam Management Offica; defined project management processas,
induding those rdated to requrements management change contrd, and user acoaptance tesiing.
e Captured 60% savings in projects costs in only fve months—reengineerad project plan and renegofated contracts with new
vendors; enhanced quality assurance and maintained timelines.
e Reenginesred vendor adicy t enhance quality assurance and to identify sks and issues al eafier stages during he project,
manage contracts for al IT vendors including website development, hosing, IT operations, and IT appliicafons development.
New Moman and Co. inc.; Trenton, NJ (2010—2012)
VP OF ENTERPRISE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT
Off-Shore Project Management | Multimillion-Dollar Budgets | Global PMO Staff
Top-perfarming Program Manager consistenfy sought out fo reangnee troubled pmjects. Managed PMO sif in a matix reporing
stuctura consisiing of 44 Gibbal Project Managers and a department budget of $15-million Managed all pmjects, budgets, and
Stategic analysis for all pmgrans. Prescribed solutions that provided quick ROt for maximum revenue productviy, service
optimization, and system fextality.
e = Directed programs with up & 70 infastucture and application projects—impementad vendor and fnandal strategies hat
improved project planning and maduced casts by 60% in only fve months.