ROBERT SMITH
PMO Analyst

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

7+ years of experience as a Qualified PMO/Business Analyst with comprehensive knowledge of
Product lifecycles, Analysis, MS Excel, Access, Project, Crystal Reports, SOL, PowerPoint, and
SharePoint. A quick learner with excellent team work abilities and excellent communication skills.
Extensive experience in the financial industry as a reporter and an analyst.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office Suite, Project Management, Time Management, Public
Speaking.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PMO Analyst
ABC Corporation - December 2014 - May 2017

Key Deliverables:

» Reviewed current program - project structure, status to date, planned activities of in-flight
Projects.

« Worked closely with DTCC managers and stafl, technologists, and stakeholders to
understand information needs related to the project.

« Developed and maintained a project plan, managed project tasks; dependencies and
critical paths.

* Maintained tinancial planning and budgeting statements:

« Monitored program progress and provided siakehokier updates,

« Established perlonance metrics.

» Established, prepared for, and lead project meetings; including planning, cross-functional
team, and user acceptance test meetings,

PMO Analyst
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Deliver accurate monthly forecast and invoicing in the Global Marketing Organization group
Provided up to date and accurate monthly forecast by ,

* Prepared invoice data files for end of month submittal Managed approximately 100 statting
resources regarding hour submittal, account setup, new ,

« Deliver accurate monthly forecast, accrual reporting and invoicing in the Licensing and
Pricing Operations team Provided up to date and accurate ,

» Sent the prepared monthly Accmal Reporting deliverable to the client by deadline Assisted
in invoice preparation for end of month submittal Managed ,

« PMO Analysts provide support to Business units in Satyam,

» Involves providing assistance to the Project Managers in PMO; tracking and monitoring the
project status Key Contributions Program Management Office ,

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines