Sample Public Relations Specialist Resume

Christopher Flores
3855 Junior Avenue
Norcross, GA 30093

(333)-597-4872
c.flores@emailaddress.com

Job Objective After years of experience, seeking work as a Public Relations Specialist within a qualified and stable company.

Highlights of Qualifications:

+ Admirable experience in managing media relations, supervising media relation programs and handled all media requests
+ Outstanding knowledge of advertising through various media

+ Deep knowledge of brokerage industry and related principles

» Immense ability to develop and plan multiple projects

+ Exceptional ability to prepare copies as a subject matter expert

+ Excellent skills to proofread copies

« Skilled to write new releases

» Proficient in all photographic software

Professional Experience:

Public Relations Specialist
Vision Solutions, Inc., Norcross, GA
May 2006 — Present

+ Coordinated with various teams and developed public awareness for assigned entities.

+ Developed public relation plans and coordinated with marketing and business teams for its effective implementation.

» Assisted members of PR team in designing strategies for effective placement of stories in print and broadcast media to ensure
achievement of all objectives.

+ Provided assistance to key spokesperson on various public appearances and interviews.

« Performed research and edited new releases and articles before sending it to media.

+ Monitored all media coverage on an everyday basis and implemented necessary media programs.

+ Maintained good relations with physicians in hospitals and clinics to get accurate information.

« Worked with PR manager and provided support to hospital staff.

Public Relations Specialist
Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC, Norcross, GA
March 2003 = April 2006

+ Prepared press kit materials such as press releases, case studies and related articles,

+ Managed all new product introductions and evaluated products in market.

+ Monitored pitching of product news and prepared required press tours and conferences.

+ Coordinated with Regional and National Account Managers and provided product training to same,
+ Participated in various trade show press briefings and managed all pressroom accommodations.

+ Prepared PPT presentations to be presented to media.

Education