Public Relations Specialist/Social Media

Management
Contact

Hootsuite Academy Social Marketing
Hootsuite Academy

Education

Bachelor of Science Public Relations

Portfolio

Overview

Detatl-oriented and creative public eclations specialist with expenence in
soctal media management, campaigns, cns:s Communication, and press
releases. Public relations courses, cornficanons, and jobs wath similar skill
sets are what have helped sct my foot into the ficld and cager to absorb
more knowledge

Experience

Company name, May 2023- Present
Sales Associate
© = Efficiently muln-tasked while boutayue was at its peak mush hour to keep
up with boutique’s standards.
© Maintained boatique’s minimalistic image by strategically placing
products on the floar.

© «Created ieufividual tasks that would benefit the store's inventory on the
Door to boost customer satisfacnon,
© = interacted with customers by initiating sincere conversations to build

trusting rekations
Chats propects- Link to petit (2 Alse lected at the pirat adtcd ted
© Created campagn T 7" * _) 7" with a team that
ultimately was picked by chent for the » wp Public Library to

display Ebrary’s resources to community.

© Constructed press releases for vanous nonprofit organizations to
Promote tntended messages to varying stakehoklers in mind.

© Customized a crs communication plan for Peet's Coffee to
demonstrate decison making skills and critical thinking within a short
time frame.

Sorority name Dec 2020- Jan 2023
Social Meclia Chaar
© = Responsible for all social media posts regarding sorority events,
bitthdays, and sister achievernents to cultivate the onganizanan’s image.
© Scanned similar pages to interact and maintam relationships with other
acoouunts.
© Utilized Canva to meticulously make onginal posts to attract individuals
interested in the soronity,
© = =6Maintained social media calendar to ensure deadhnes for posts were
beiny met.
Recrusterent Chair

© = Brainstormed events with other sorority members to create nbtionships
on a meaningful level

©  Taformed on sarorty’s mixgon and values at tabling: events to boost
telhbonships with those whose values aligned,

© = Created a fst of mterested ladies on excel sheets and reached out 1

© Organized a tote bag decorating event which increased our contact list
by 5 peuple.