) City, State
Thomas Parera P00
Director of Advertising & Public Relations Oo
Summary

Marketing, Advertising and public-relations professional seeking a challenging opportunity to utilize my industry
knowledge and experience. Passion and creativity are at the core of my skill set. | look forward to working with a
team that drives to win.

Work experience
Director of Marketing, PR & Sales 2015-07 - Present
Epsilon

¢ Effectively increase client database by analyzing current advertising client lists and tracking competitor's
advertising clients.

« Providing media press kits, current special section sales opportunities and effectively dose sales at a high ratio.
¢ Effectively communicate with clients and staff members.
« Work closely with managing editor to perfect each weekly newspaper as it goes to press.
e Ensure that ads are filed and ready for page placement.
e Professionally coordinate sales and accounts with general manager, review ad orders and account balances on
aging reports.
* Coordinate preprint schedules by contacting clients, managing preprint schedule and delivery as well as with
preprint staff.
« Skillfully organize publication archives by weekly additions throughout the year.
« Compile end-of-year editions and mail to book company to create yearly bound editions of all publications.
e Attend local Chamber of Commerce and other civic group functions. Photograph ribbon cuttings, create and
maintain the positive relationship with community and other public relation activities as required,
Director of Marketing and Public Relations 2010-01 - 2015-06
PwC Digital

« Assisted in identification and development of marketing materials and programs that grew the company from
$80 million to $250 million,

« Developed aggressive public-relations efforts in USA and abroad for company and products including: events,

video news releases, interviews, product placement with consumer magazines, television, and major motion

pictures resulting in a paid advertising equivalent of $3 million annually.

Created and produced ads and collateral for company’s eyewear, software and optical interior design divisions.

Communications Assistant 2003-06 - 2009-06

BBDO

¢ Assisted in organizing and promoting all community events including experience in broadcast writing, press
releases, etc.

Developed news and human interest artides for the weekly newsletter, nightly program and Web site content.

¢ Performed on-air television duties, including nightly weather reports, face-to-face interviews and promotional
commercials.

Education

Bachelor's Degrees in Public Relations 1999 - 2002
Stanford University

Skills
Event Planning J 4 GE Sy JE WE ? 2 ee ae
Media Relations 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 “ee “ee eee

Electronic Marketing J 4 4) 4s Es es 2 Gee eee ee