Curriculumvitae-Resume-Formats.com

_—_ oo
EMMA FRANKLIN

1 Main Street, London, England WIT LY | | C 07956 654 32 | example-emali@exanple.com

Summary
Chartimatic and persuasive Public Relations Representative offering expertise in public
speaking, advertising, and media relations. Superb writer and editor who communicates
effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and PR carnpaigns.
Poted and competent tear builder and natural leader who thrives in fast-paced corporate

duh 2010 to Current

Manage all media, press and public relations tues.
Develop corporate communications strategies and programmes, including project

Work with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR
strategies.

Establish long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve
them.

Integrate the public and analyst relations progrannmes with all company departments.
Conter with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to coordinate
production of corporate communications materials.

Public Relations Coordinator Dee 2006 to Jun 2010
Powell Medical Supply — London, England
© Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics,
© Researched, negotiated, implemented, and tracked advertising and public relations
activities,

© Expanded product and company recognition in national press to support sales and
marketing tears.

© Maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer,
employee, and public interest groups.

© Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional

calendars.
© Coached client representatives on effective communication with the public and
employees.

Public Relations and Communications Assistant Apr 2004 to Oct 2006
Metro Corner Website — London, England

e Wrote engage copy with attention-grabbing headlines for print and web we.

© Assisted with the integration of public relations campaigns across multiple media.

© Prepared, edited, and reviewed internal employee communications.

Bachelor of Arts, Public Relations