i Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Public Rel ations Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Highly qualified Public Relations with experience in the industry. Enjoy creative problem solving
and getting exposure on multiple projects, and | would excel in the collaborative environment on
which your company prides itself

Skills

CRM System Experience. Prior Real Estate And Life And Health Insurance License, Public
Relations, And Networking Via Social Media,

Work Experience

Public Relations
Virginia Caribbean American Culture Association Inc. - january 2009- 2019

* Develope public relations programs designed to create and rnaintain a favorable public
Image,
Create literature and other forms of communication,
Create liturature and other forrn of cornmunications,
» Create marketing and promotional material both print and electronics.
* Work with advertisers for ads subrnissions design and launch emall marketing campaigns.
* Work with board members to determine events budget and manage expenses.
* Develope marketing cornmunications carnpaigns.

Public Relations
Crossroads Hospice - 2004 - 2009
* Principal responsibilities include creating marketing Initiatives that builds agencys cllent base
and encourage client retention.
* Plan programs and events with non-established & established accounts to bulld relationships
with agency.
* Present educational information and explain available services to health care providers,
hospitals, Independent and assisted living communities.
* Established excellent relationship with client base to ensure all |ssues are addressed and
ensure that they fully satisfied with our level of service.
* Negotiate contracts with healthcare agencies to provide direct care service per patient plan of
care.
» Increased referrals & admissions by 40 percent per month..
* This ls Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

Education

Master of Science In Human resource Management - (Troy State University - Tray, AL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines