JESSE KENDALL

125 Elm Serect Phone: 305-444-444
Miami, FI. 33183 jkendall(@inormail.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Creative and resourceful Public Relations Intem with a demonstrated history of developing effective marketing campaigns
that increased awareness and participation. With a commitment to excellence and an acute attention to detail, effectively
manage multiple tasks. Work well with diverse groups to meet overarching goals and objectives.

¥ Market Research & Program Development ¥ Creative & Innovative Strategic Development
¥ Business Writing & Technical Proficiency ¥ Communication & Interpersonal Skills
Y Press Releases & Media Relations ¥ Cross-Funetional Teamwork

SUCCESSFUL INTERNSHIPS

ABC COMMUNICATIONS, Miami, FL. @ 20xx-20xx
Public Relations Intern

Assisted the President by writing press releases, creating PowerPoint presentations for teleconferences and public speaking
engagements, and supporting clients. Completed adminisenttive tasks, including the drafting of correspondence, processing
bills, and tax information.
e = Aided in the analysis of client advertising serategics to develop effective approaches to achieving business goals.
© = Designed branding and logos for lecture series and cients.
e Researched, developed, and published content for the corporate Web site.
¢ = Created advertisements to be placed in the Martti Curran and Mariird Business Journal.

BCD UNIVERSITY, Miami, PL. @ 20xx-20xx
Intern - Public Relations
Wrote newsworthy press releases and feature articles for pickup by the media. Liaised with major networks.
e Featured the university's 20xx-20xx wrestlers through photographs, biographies, and a media guide.
¢ = Maintained up-to-date information on the aniversity’s Web site; handled ongotng edits and uploads of athletes

biographies and personal information of interest to readers.
* Promoted events and boosted interest by providing information to all media outlets.

,

CDE STUDENT ORGANIZATION, Miami, FL @ 20%x-20xx

Intern — Creative Development

Collaborated in development of a mission statement, logo, mailing piece, and brochure for the organization.

+ Increased awareness of the organization, what it stood for, and the need to join.
+ Consulted across the organization in development of advertisement and brochure placement strategies.

EDUCATION & SKILLS

UNIVERSITY OF XYZ, Miami, FI. (20xx)
Bachelor of Arts in Communication Sciences: Mass Media, Public Relations, & Cinema Studies
Summer Abroad, Prague, CZ, 20xx
Speaker, Anti-Defamation League Seminar

Comparer Séilix Microsoft Office Suite # Adobe Dreamweaver, Photoshop, PageMaker @ Quicken @ Type 50 WPM