First M. Last
email@gmai.com * 609-090-0000 « |inxedin.com/in/firstlastname * City, $T 00000

COMMUNICATIONS & PUBLIC RELATIONS PROFESSIONAL

‘Strategic communications and public relations professional with more than 15 years’ experience helping céents in the healthxare
and pharmaceutical fields develop and implement communications and PR programs with traditional, digital and social media to
achieve business objectives. Proven track record with developing deep relationships with key stakeholders and collaborating with
senior management to deliver results,

Media Relations Strategy * Communication Strategy * Social Media ¢ Market Analysis « Message Development
Marketing/Cotlateral Materials * Event Planning * Product Marketing + Data Analysis » PR/Medie Outreach
Sy Se es ae ey

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY, City, ST « YYYY — YYYY

Company description, indicating size, industry and other relevant information to candidote’s job goats.

Account Manager

Offer strategic and creative counsel and provide project management on account activities. Serve as senior-level partner
and media contact on behalf of clients. Provided quality control on agency deliverables, manage budgets and implement
strategic communications programs and plans.

© Manage the logistics for Brand T's celebrity campaign with Celebrity Endorser including press tours, television
interviews, online giveaways and social media marketing initiatives.

PR AGENCY, City, ST + YYYY —¥YYY
The PR arm of Company EFG, o leading, global health communicotians agency; rebranded os Company ABC in YYYY.

Ascount Supervisor

Managed client relationships and internal teams for key accounts and oversaw work flow and processes for PR and
integrated tearns, Mentored a team of four junior staff members; responsible for overseeing their work such as
executing complex travel arrangements and developing travel itineraries. Lead complex project timelines to ensure
projects with S3MM - $4MM budgets were completed on time.

© Managed multiple vendors in the development of consumer/celebrity campaign website healthcompany com.

PUBLIC RELATIONS FIRM, City, ST * YY¥¥ ~ YYYY
The world’s lorgest public retations firm, with more than 7000 employees in 85 cities.

Developed relationships with salesforce to coordinate logistks for a nationwide, breakthrough public affairs campaign.
were provided to physicians’ offices.
© Provided on-site support to medical office staff and field force for twelve health clinics, which took place in eight
citles across the United States over a five-month period.

MEDIA MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS AGENCY, City, ST + YYYY — YYYY
Public relations firm specializing in beauty companies, products and services,

Senlor Account Executive
Supervised day-to-day account activity, achieved and maintained primary interface with dient contacts, managed junior
staff, implemented new account programs, plans and strategies and managed account implementation.