JOHN DOE

1 Fake Rd., City, XX 00000 | 555.555.5555 | johndoe@gmail.com

PUBLIC RELATIONS AND LEGISLATIVE SPECIALIST

Highly effective Public Relations and Legislative Specialist with over 10 years of experience. Offering
an array of skills in advocacy support, building positive relationships, legal research, drafting
reports, progress monitoring, budgeting, initiating change, interpersonal skills and training
employees. Proven ability to design and develop simultaneous outreach programs and initiatives to
raise funds through utilization of public relations expertise within the media and local communities.
Demonstrated knowledge of legal policies that allows for successful lobbying on behalf of critical
bills at all levels. Track record of success delivering desired results in fast-paced, dynamic

environments with impending deadlines.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

e Public Relations Liaison e CommunityQOutreachPrograms e Building Consensus
e Legislative Strategy e Media & Press Communication e Team Leadership
e Strategic Communications e Public Event Coordination e Technical Writing Skills
e PublicSpeaking/Presentations e Innovative Implementation e Policy& Procedures
e Stakeholder Coalition Building © Complex Project Management e DataAnalysis
e Creative Problem Solving e Social Media Utilization e Action Planning
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PUBLIC POLICY & GOVERNMENT RELATIONS 2015 - 2016

123 Chamber of Commerce, City, XX

Developed and managed the legislative agenda for the Chamber. Lobbied local, state and federal elected officials on

behalf of business interests in City.

e Designated lobbyist for the 123 Chamber, which is the 3rd largest chamber in the state.

e Monitored, tracked and advocated on roughly 90 bills during legislative session.

¢ Contributed to the passing of 26 bills in the 2016 legislative session beneficial to local business interests.

e _ Testified on bills before committee hearings at the State legislature.

e Fostered and maintained positive relationships with local, state and federal elected officials and staff.

e Identified, scaled and maintained stakeholder coalition of business leaders to support business interests at the
State Capitol.

© Managed multiple projects on parallel deadlines.

e Prepared legislative and policy reports for the Board of Directors, including the development of a
comprehensive 36 page legislative agenda distributed to legislators and community stakeholders.

e Drafted press releases, letters of support/concern sent to legislators, legislative summaries and policy reports.

e Conceptualized, coordinated and managed Chamber events such as quarterly economic update luncheons, the
annual meet your elected officials breakfast and bi-weekly public policy breakfasts.

© Created social media content related to public policy and legislative issues shared via Facebook, Twitter,
Instagram, SnapChat and LinkedIn.

e Drafted monthly newsletter for the Chamber's e-magazine.

e Featuredand recognized by 123 Business Journal as “Person to Watch” in 2016.