Sophie Motivated and solution-oriented public relations specialist with 2+ years of experience.

Eager to join Ralph Lauren to assist in shaping the brand’s strong image and developing the

Arg uette PR strategy. In previous roles secured editorial product placements in 20+ high-fashion
magazines.
Public Relations
Specialist Experience
Personal Info 2016 - Public Relations Specialist
2018 Bottega Veneta
Phone _— as i
* Managed sample requests for editorial opportunities in the US.
+1-299-456-7888 ; . , . ,
* Developed key relationships with national and regional womenswear and
E-mail menswear contacts.
sophie.arquette@gmail.com ¢ Acted as brand representative at seasonal press days to interact with key
LinkedIn attending editors.
linkedin.com/in/sophiearquette ¢ Prepared and distributed press releases.
¢ Liaised with corporate communications team for events and product
Twitter
launches.
twitter.com/sarquette
* Oversaw seasonal freelancer support for sample requests, day to day
. sample trafficking and reporting.
Skills yi J ePoewwsé
Key achievements:
Oral and written communication ¢ Secured editorial product placements in 20+ print and online fashion
LS SS SE ES CT magazines, including Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, Elle, L'Officiel, and W.
Ti ¢ Organized 10+ seasonal collection walkthroughs with design, marketing,
ime management
a advertising, and editorial teams.
Macha canredch 2016-06 - Public Relations Intern
aE 2016-10 Balenciaga
; * Assisted with domestic and international sample trafficking.
Media relations
¢ Participated in media research projects.
ee
* Supported event preparation and execution.
Brand management ¢ Maintained showrooms.
¢ Monitored credits and features in print and online media.
CMS platforms
EE Education
Social media marketin : :
g 2016 Bachelor of Arts, Public Relations, USC Annenberg

School for Communication and Journalism, LA

Languages GPA: 3.9
Relevant coursework:

¢ Effective Writing for Strategic Public Relations

Sal
~
i?)
oa
2)
ay

¢ Social, Legal, and Ethical Foundations of Public Relations

Bilingual

Italian
a a

« Business and Economic Foundations of Public Relations

Associations

Advanced
Public Relations Society of America (PRSA)—Member

Toastmasters International—Accredited Speaker

Interests

Fashion photography

Modernist painting