EMMA FRANKLIN

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com

SUMMARY

Charismatic and persuasive Public Relations Representative offering expertise in public speaking,
advertising, and media relations. Superb writer and editor who communicates effectively with
target audiences through strategic brand management and PR campaigns. Poised and
competent team builder and natural leader who thrives in fast-paced corporate environments.

HIGHLIGHTS

Market research

Sales specialist
Promotional campaigns
Customer service-focused
People person

Image management
Media relations
Advertising coordination
Public speaking
Exceptional writer

EXPERIENCE
07/2010 to Current Public Relations Representative
Zander Shoe Company — New Cityland, CA
« Manage all media, press and public relations issues.
« Develop corporate communications strategies and programs, including
project timelines.
« Work with management to identify trends and developments that
might influence PR strategies.
« Establish long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies
to help achieve them.
« Integrate the public and analyst relations programs with all company
departments.
« Confer with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to
coordinate production of corporate communications materials.

12/2006 to 06/2010 Public Relations Coordinator
Powell Medical Supply — New Cityland, CA

e Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.

e Researched, negotiated, implemented, and tracked advertising and
public relations activities.

e Expanded product and company recognition in national press to
support sales and marketing teams.

« Maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of
community, consumer, employee, and public interest groups.

e Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and
promotional calendars.

e Coached client representatives on effective communication with the
public and employees.

04/2004 to 10/2006 Public Relations and Communications Assistant
Metro Corner Website — New Cityland, CA
« Wrote engage copy with attention-grabbing headlines for print and
web use.
e Assisted with the integration of public relations campaigns across
multiple media.
e Prepared, edited, and reviewed internal employee communications.

EDUCATION
2004 Bachelor of Arts: Public Relations
Fowler School of Business — New Cityland, CA