Robert Smith

Public Relations Specialist

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Seeking a position where! can effectively fulfill and excel an organization's
goals by exploiting and developing my skills applying my knowledge inthe
fields of marketing and sociology utilizing managerial experience,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Public Relations Specialist
ABC Corporation- March 2011 - February 2012

Re sponsibilities:

Promoting the program by encouraging people to attend.

Managing social media site to accurately inform of schedule, location
and special events as well as answering questions sent by the followers
of the page,

Designing creating and distributing flyers at specific targeted locations
to spread the word and increase awareness about the Farmers Market
among the public,

Passing out flyers In different locations,

Making phone calls for Important information.

Setting up appointments with agencies for possible advertising
opportunities.

Posting information on Facebook and spreading the word to the general
public.

Public Relations
ABC Corporsation- 2010 - 2011

Responsibilities:

Public Relations Composed press releases and news stories,
Developed content for UF Web site.

Introduced World in Motion project that excited students about
engineering.

Society of Autornotive Engineers (SAE) was lacking organization and
membership.

Established solid relationship between SAE and College of journalism,
Within one year, developed public relations tearn that headed
community service events and Increased exposure of student
organizations; SAE team placed within top ten in national cornpetition
that same year.

Successfully developed grant through World in Motion project for
student organizations around the country; UF SAE was first ever to
receive grant..

Education

Bachelor of Liberal Arts in Liberal Arts Sociology - 2012(University of
Texas at Brownsville - Brownsville, TX)

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Customer Service,

Merchandising, Public
Relations.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)