Public Relations Representative Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
Seeking a position that will allow using creativity to solve problems and make interesting designs

using skills in typography, photo editing, graphics, and web design. Highly Interested in
advertisernent and rebranding, Seeks to obtain communications or public relations position.

Skills

Customer Service, Management, Cash Handling, Retail,

Work Experience

Public Relations Representative
ABC Corporation - April 2007 - January 2009

.

Developed, prioritized, and executed corporate-wide media strategies, news releases, and
media advisories as they relate to Circuit City at corporate and nationwide levels.
Maintalnability to create and execute cornmunication plans for print, radio, television, web,
and social media.

Responsible for creating and executing strategic communication plans for print, broadcast,
and digital media assets,

Developed and maintain relationships with local and national media contacts,

Responsible for all earned media relating to Grand Opening events.

Served as cornpany spokesperson for information pertaining to upcoming Grand Opening
events as well as future stores,

Identified and rnanage the publicity of local cornrnunity events that may relate to Circuit City,
ensuring that community involvement is in line with Circuit City standards,

Public Relations Representative
Delta Corporation - 2004 - 2007

Prepared civic brochures, news releases, and other promotional materials acted as a liaison
between city merchants and the Chamber.

Greeted all guests In a courteous and professional manner,

Fostered strong working relationships with all hetel departments,

Served as public relations representative for the hotel.

Processed quest payments for room charges, food and beverage charges, and phone charges.
Recruitment and Advertisernent for the chapter using social media, posters, flyers, etc.

Reach out to potential members and retain members through good communication,

Education
B.A. In Cormmunication- (Virginia Tech - Blacksburg, VA}

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines