ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Public Relations Specialist

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

The objective is to secure a job in which one can be an invaluable asset to the company; being
utilized in a leadership position helping to achieve team-oriented goals,

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Organizational Skills, Customer Relations, Business

Development, Budgeting, Account Management, Bookkeeaping, Billing, Inventory Management,
Project Management, Internet Research, Marketing, Management,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Jr. Public Relations Specialist
ABC Corporation - April 2014 - September 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Comprehensively interacted with pat owners to fully understand all expectations froma
training facility,

* Coordinated with business owners to understand ali services, business needs and match
them to suit possible customers,

» Created a porttolio to show customers al benefits, local veterinarians, and word of mouth
advertising.

» Ran the office, greeted customers. and generated contracts.

* Bonded with customers to better suit their needs lor their peis and ensure a long-lasting
positive impression and interaction with KS Control Training,

» Used social media as a form of advertising along with flyers and setting up booths at
events to explain to customers what K9 Control Training was capable of and their goals for
each pet,

* Helped train rescue shatters &quot;Un-trainable Dogs &quat: so that they could find homes
and alse put the business name in the minds of potential customers.

Public Relations Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

» Created company literature and other forms ol communication designed to maintain a
favorable public image.

* Designed and implemented a new hire training program,

« Served as company Spokesperson te local media outlets.

» Handled all customer complaints.

» Maintained working relationships and made spending decisions with companies such as
Russell Stovers Candies; Natures Bounty Vitamins, Merck and Amensource Bergen.

« Tracked oners and sales,

« Maintained expense reports 10 meet and manage numerous project budgets.

A
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines