Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website : wowwsqwikre sure, com

Marketing Support & Public Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume

Relations Manager Address; 1737 Marstwille Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY

A business professional with experience In operations, marketing, sales, public relations,
community outreach, arid advertising. Managed annual cornmunications budgets of $5K- $15.8
million, achieving projected goals with each and every carmpalgn.

SKILLS

Product Marketing, Service Marketing, Sales,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing Support & Public Relations Manager
ABC Corporation - April 2007 - April 2011

.

Developed and implernented successful and repeatable global public relations carnpalgns.
Evaluate advertising and promotions to ensure campaign messaging aligns with strategic
goals,

Built and managed ateam of Public Relations Coordinators, Graphic Designers, anc
Cornrnunications intems.

Managed, wrote, edited and distributed speeches, press releases, fact sheets, technical briefs,
white papers, offices, media outlets, and customers.

Established and directed the use of global graphic standards for all printed materials,
Created and managed all social media accounts Including presence for C-level executive staff
members.

Conducted brand analysis and share of voice studies to evaluate public relations and
advertising agency efforts,

Public Relations Manager
ABC Corporation - 2003 - 2007

“ee © *

Supervised food service area, by scheduling ernployee assignments ard allocating/rmonitoring
breaks,

Assuring that the need of the customers was met at all times,

Facilitated daily fulfillment orders for supplies.

Tabulated cash receipts at the end of shift and docurnented earnings.

Greeted and introduced the quest to Cedar Point products and services; increasing revenue
for the cormpany through product knowledge and great customer service,

Generated increased revenue in the foodservice area through strong communication,
tearnwork, and sales knowledge,

The first point of contact in the process of tearn flow Assisted in the training of new customer
service representatives and associates,

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Communication - (Drury University - Springfield, MG)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings