CLARK KENT

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Comfort Electronics

Public Relations Officer Dallas, US

fS Feb'l3 - Present

Comfort Bectronics is amongst the top 5 consumer electronics inmanufacturers in North America. They
are present in 10+ couritries around the world.

© Part of the Public Relations Team comprising of 3 managers

Strategy & Budgeting

e Laying out the annual Public Relations strategy in accordance with the vision of ‘being
customer first

e Budgeting for the entire year including costs for PR campaigns, events etc.

Media & Press

© Responsible for 50+ media & press releases per year, in accordance with the overall PR
strategy
Liaising and building relations with major media houses as well top journalists incl. the
New York Times etc.

® Scheduling regular top management interviews with the press

® Organized~15 press conferences over the past 4 years

e Responsible for answering to any queries or comments made by the media

Social Media

e Driving public relations on social media by coordinating with the digital marketing tear

© Engaging with customers on different platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin
ete

e Launched a highly viral social media campaign for AIDS support that had 1mn.+
impressions

Events

© Organizing 20+ events for local community building across different cities every year

e Searching for and partnering with various national and international community events
such as the Half Marathons etc.

Public Relations Associate

f=) jul'ld- Jan'13
Eon shoes marnifactures and exports high end luxury shoes for men and women atross the globe

Shadowed and worked directly with the Head Public Relations Officer for —1 year of
employment

Organized -10 press conferences for new product launches; invited top fashion
journalists

Handled 200+ queries per year around products, campaigns etc. from the media and
the customers

Responsible for conducting multiple employee workshops to align brand

communication

Personal Details
OQ +1 (531) 765 4567
@% clark@hiration.com
## Dallas, US

SUMMARY

Dedicated and result oriented
public relations officer with over 7
years of professional experience
in managing public relations,
Skilled In building the PR strategy,
handling press releases, liaising
with journalists as well as
answering to queries. Adept in
laying out the short and long term
PR strategy for brands in
accordance with the vision and
mission. Proficient in dealing with
the press induding press releases,
organizing press conferences etc.
Have built cordial relations with
multiple media houses as well as
with top reporters and journalists
across the country, Also skilled in
handling public relations on social
media platforms including
Facebook & Twitter , Looking
forward to a challenging role in
the PR space.

KEY SKILLS

+ Public Relations Strategy « Press
Releases + Press Conferences +
Social Media PR + Community

Events + Media Queries

EDUCATION

BS in Public Relations | Colorado
University | Jul ‘09 «Jan 13
e Awarded ‘Lamp Scholarship’