ROBERT SMITH
Public Relations Intern

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Driven, dedicated individual experienced with non-profit communications, special event
coordination and project management. Task-oriented with the ability to delegate responsibilities
and meet deadlines, Proven capability to work in high-energy, fast-paced environments and lead
others. Possess exceptional writing and editing skills.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Crisis communications, prass releases, pitches, recruitment letters, corporate memos, by-dines,
proposals, media alerts, copy-editing, executive summaries, clipbooks, annual reports.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Public Relations Intern
ABC Corporation - September 2015 — May 2016

Key Deliverables:

» Wrote and edited communications and publications for distribution to six media outlets,

* Posted for and monitored MJCHF social media sites (Facabook, Twitter, Inslagram and
MJICHF webpage).

«s Conducted research lor projects; communications, and publications.

« Developed community programs and projects:

» Utilized Microsatt Office, QuickBooks, and Google applications.

* Provided support in the curation of unique pitch angles and targeted media lis!s to sacure
editorial coverage for clients.

» Tracked company progress through the website development process, provided input to
the user intertace.

PUBLIC RELATIONS INTERN
KGBTexas Communications - 2014 - 2015

Key Deliverables:
* Create and organize media lists,
» Assist in creating social media content and calendar for cients.
» Follow up with media outlets to secure media coverage,
* Create press releases and madia advisories for clients.
* Conduct research for accounts in both the public relations and public affairs dapartments,
® Assist in tracking and onmanizing media hits for cilents.
» Produce content for client magazine.

EDUCATION

—_———
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines