Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Public Relations Professional Website : wornw.quilkresums, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Several years between working in beer bars and writing about music, both as a freelance
journalist and through in-house PR for an independent record label.

SKILLS

Word Perfect, Windows, Microsoft Office, Strong Written And Verbal Cormmunication Skills, Project
Planning, Critical Thinking, Fast Learner, Self motivated, Flexible, Tearn Player, Natural Leader,
Strong Work Ethic,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Public Relations Professional
ABC Corporation - November 2000- August 2009

Handled cash deposits, filed papers, organized programs, cornmmunicated with customers and

ete.

Skills Used and Description Conducted market analysis and monitored competitive activity,
Designed and implemented strategic business plan objectives.

Set up special events to promote sales and attendance.

Wrote press materials and made presentations to media representatives,

Managed all internal, external and crisis cornmunications.

Represented the organization to custorners, the public, and other external sources.

Public Relations
Event Promotions - 1996 - 2000

Plarined and administered policies and programs to foster and promoted Event patronage,
Executed dally operations of Social Media marketing Wrote, designed and produced blogs,
fllers, posters, email.

Organized prospect files by listing Information, such as names of officials And plans for
events, to be used for promotional purposes.

Planned and prepared advertising and promotional material,

Im available for Print Editorial, Celebrity, Hostess, Special Appearances, Casual, Lingerie,
Swimsult, Glamour, Beauty, Showcase, Body-Palnt, Fetish, Commercial, Print Work,
FHM/Maxim Style Filr/Cormmercial, TV/Movie Acting, Music Video, and Everts Promotional,
Brand Ambassador | arn available for travel domestically as well as Internationally,

Travel Expenses, Per Diems, and Compensation are open for discussion, and will be discussed
on each project.,

This Is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
Pre-Med/Psycholoay - 1999(University of Southern Indiana- Evansville, IN)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings