Sample Public Affairs Specialist Resume

Lester Kincaid
1786 Patterson Street
Houston, TX 77002
(111) -321-2382
l. kincaid@emai laddress. com

Job Objective Experienced Public Affairs Specialist of many years seeking employment with the
company to help advance in the industry.

Highlights of Qualifications:

e Admirable experience in managing work for public affairs work

e Thorough knowledge of public affairs programs

e Deep knowledge of communication methods and techniques

e Remarkable ability to deal and communicate with various audiences

e Exceptional ability to maintain professional relationships with community groups and
media representatives

e Excellent skills in developing communication materials

e Skilled to work on various social media platforms

e Familiarity in implementing work for various public affair programs

e Proficient in working on internet and using it as a marketing tool

Professional Experience:

Public Affairs Specialist
Housing & Urban Development, Assistant Secretary, Houston, TX
May 2006. - Present

e Coordinated with various external affairs and media teams at corporate level.

e Assisted Public Affairs Officer and provided information for all line offices.

e Provided assistance Public Affairs Officers and information for media and internal
programs for associated activities.

e Established product timelines and ensured compliance to same.

e Reviewed written materials, edited it appropriately for all internal and external
releases.

e Maintained regular travels for various assignments for almost a month.

e Developed good professional relationships with agencies and external partner.

e Prepared presentation for internal and external audience.

Public Affairs Specialist
Devon Energy, Houston, TX
March 2003 - April 2006

e Analyzed communication requirements of all staff and patients and developed publication
for medical center.

e Coordinated with various teams for various special projects.

e Maintained public information and prepared community relations programs and ensured
confidence of audience.

e Prepared presentations for audiences and answered all queries regarding medical center
positions.

e Reviewed all public information programs and analyzed its effectiveness.

e Planned various comprehensive public affairs activities.

Education