ROBERT SMITH
Public Relations Representative

Phone: {(0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

Over four years of marketing. customer service, and sales experience while working in
the food and beverage industry and on various philanthropic engagements. A highly
motivated and well-organized team player that possesses the ability to work well with
others and communicate effectively with clients.

Typing 65 wpm, Microsoft Programs, Multi-Line Phone system.

Public Relations Representative
ABC Corporation - July 2015 - October 2015

Key Deliverables:
» Identified opportunities to enhance the colleges public and community
cornections.
* Collaborated with a variety of community members, college faculty, staff, and
students.

* Participated in the conception, organization, and execution of college community
outreach events.

*® Generated story ideas, interview resources, gather information and write pleces
for publication.

* Sold ad space, desim advertisements, and communicate effectively with billing.

» Used Adobe InDesign and Photoshop for the design and layout of printed pages.

* Assisted in maintaining the online edition of the newspaper in a timely manner,

Public Relations Representative
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2015

Key Deliverables:

* In¢ressed awareness of the organization, what it stood for and the need for
volunteers all year long Maintained up-to-date information on the.

» Wrote articles on several topics for monthly print issues and weekly digital
content Delegated tasks and communicated expectations to contributing.

* Organized successful apparel fundralser through creating designs, collecting
money, and placing the order to Participate in monthly service.

» Call schools and get proper information, fax off information, get contracts, and file
them in a proper state, also did collections.

* Assisted in maintaining the anline edition of the newspaper in a timely manner.

* Edited Science Kamp, Technology, Arts &amp; Literature, and Faith feature
pages.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copy rigtt al Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines