ROBERT SMITH
Public Relations Officer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Trained as an International Relations professional. | have over six years experiences in
Security/Intelligence, Public Safety, Training and encounters has reinforce my capacity to assess,
analyze, oversee and disseminate data switltly and accurately regardless of their tendency and
additionally encourages a more secure and sate environment,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Computer Savvy.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Public Relations Officer
EMJAY GLOBAL LLC - November 2009 — 2019

Key Deliverables:

= Develop effective communication pian thal feverages Drand promise,

» Develop, integrate, and implement PR activities designed to enhance company brand.

* Work with CEO lo achieve organizational goals and objectives by administering the
communications and public reiations initiatives‘as Getermined by the organizational
strategic planning process:

» Responsible for briefing coworkers and CEO Delore going to meeting with news media and
schedule and conduct news conferences.

* Responsible for managing the works ol subordinates and training of newly hires, including
writers, photographs and designs,

« Refine companys core messages io ensure brand consistency and resolve public affairs
issues.

» Serve as executive editor for the development, production and maintenance al the
companys intemal and external communication vehicles, including tha main website,
market materiais, publications, newsietters, invitations, flyers, advertisements, and annual
fepors.,

Public Relations
ABC Corporation - 2008 - 2009

Key Deliverables:

« Project Management Intemersonal Communications Dependable Dapandabie Training
Promotion Development Goal Oriented Employment Review WY Coalition to End
Homelessness.

» Bridgeport, WV October 2013 - Administrative Assistant The West Virginia Coalition to End
Homelessness goal is to end homelessness in the state.

» As the Administrative Assistant, my role was diverse and committed to the utilization of our
fesources to elfidently provide housing and services,

« At the coalition, a strong focus was on the lamilies.and communities.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines