i Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Public Rel ations Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Professional background includes extensive custorner service via telecommiunications and retail
services, office administration, training and developrnent. Experience in working directly with a
wide spectrum of clients; Including business owners, doctors, management tears and the general
public. Rapidly took on additional tasks by seeking ways to Improve company operations. A career
signature in helping solve customer needs.

Skills

Computer Skills, Microsoft Office, Networking, Software Development, IT.

Work Experience

Public Relations
ABC Corporation - 1994 - 2000

* Coordinated all functions of public relations cornmunications for Memorial Healthcare Systern
for 5 district hospitals.

+ Wrote press releases for newsworthy events for all 5 hospitals.

» Acted as Assistant Editor of hospital newsletter, worked directly with reporters on news
related / publicity cornmunications, and handled phone queries from media regarding patients
and hospital events,

* Assisted director with publicity of events and worked in conjunction with joe DiMaggio
Childrens Hospital Foundation in coordinating fundraising efforts,

Provided current and accurate publicity inforrnation to hospital staff through direct mailings,

email, phone calls and fax.
Reviewed national and local periodicals on 4 dally basis to apprise executive staff of latest

issues in medical field.
Wrote highly effective press releases resulting In increased public awareness of hospital

programs.

Public Relations
ABC Corporation - 1991 - 1994

* Responsible Communication and Public Relations,
* Institutional Relations,

* Relationship with the media and related organizations:

* Responsible for internal communication arnong volunteers.
* Community Manager.

+ Writing for the blog and website,

* Develop an online course.

Education
Bachelor of Science In Communications - (Lynn University - Boca Raton, FL)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines