Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

. . ° Alabama
Director Of Public Relations (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Public relations professional with corporate communications, higher SKILLS
education and print journalism background, bringing vast experience via Media Relations, Project
leadership positions working with top Corporate executives, government Management, Content
leaders. Skilled at crisis Communications, reputation and issue Development, Event
management, working across departments and business lines, utilizing Management,

national broadcast, print, trade and social media to reach organizational \
objectives. Recruiting/HR, New

Business Proposals, In-
House Public Relations,

WORK EXPERIENCE Marketing, Advertising,

Director Of Public Relations Aw ard Opportunities,

Abilene Christian University - November 2009 - Present pace gad ting
Responsibilities: . posite icsichenii org

» Media and communications adviser to the University President and top Media Management
management team charged with planning and execution of the
Universitys media strategy.

* The developer of university creative content, including talking points, LANGUAGES
guest editorials, news releases,

» Helped steer the University through rnultiple potential PR crises that ae Ais hee Aa
went largely unreported due to media relationship management and the Spanish (Professional)
proactive creation of alternative messaging.

= Created and produced three highly successful video series (WVM,
conversation, move-in) that greatly expanded ACUS community INTERESTS
involvement through a concerted internal push to connect key faculty Climbing
and staff with highly visible local non-profit organizations. Snowboarding

* Developed and maintained a pro-active media relations prograrn by Cooking
building a relationship, developing and distributing news releases for Reading
placement, writing by-lined articles for newspapers and magazines and
monitoring all forms of media.

= Manage an internal tearm of public relations strategists, social media NCES
experts, and events professionals, Reference - 1 (Company

* Collaborate and partner with university departments, such as the Name)
communications and marketing department, este 2 (Company

Director Of Public Relations |
Tribune Broadcasting - August 1999 - October 2009
Responsibilities:
= Filed nightly live on-air ty news reports to Tribune stations in the top 20
U. S. Television markets.
* Specialized in moving quickly in fluid situations to deliver plain-spoken
surmmarles,
* Established and maintained effective working relationships with the
House, Senate, and Executive.
» Filed 2004, and 2008 presidential carnpaigns, including the inauguration
of President Obama.
= One-on-one interviews with various officials within the executive
branch.

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines