Robert Ss m ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

: . : Website : www. qwikresume, com
Director Of Public Relations LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Experienced communications professional specializing in strategic communications and media
relations planning, brand/product positioning, corporate thought leadership, and event execution,
Strong background in travel, technology, consumerjlifestyle and corporate media relations with
experience in both B2B and B2C communications,

SKILLS

Public Relations, Brand Development, Brand Management, Cornmunity Relations, Event Planning,
Event Management, Event Marketing, Digital Marketing, Digital Strategy, Media Relations, Social
Media Marketing, Marketing Cormmunications, Content Management, Customer Relationship
Management, Collateral Development, Copywriting, Editing, Strategic Planning, Strategic
Business Planning.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director Of Public Relations
Elvis Presley Enterprises, Inc - 2004 - Present

* Work closely with senior management to generate public relations activities in support of the
strategic plan of the company which includes music and DVD sales, television specials in
domestic and foreign markets, promotion of licensed products.

Serve as the primary company spokesperson on all facets of the business at official events:

* Responsible for counseling and advising company leaders regarding responses to media
inquiries.

Proactively pitch domestic and international press on Memphis and Graceland as a travel
destination for both online, print and television media.

Responsible for developing annual public relations plans and department:

Write and distribute publicity materials including press releases, photography,

Supervise the work of public relations coordinator, online communications,

Director Of Public Relations !
Wre - 2002 - 2004

» Responsible for creation of on-air franchise, school zone slowdown, that increased morning
show ratings and led to a new city of Memphis ordinance,

* Managed active workload of several on-air and online news stories daily along with seven live
on-air reports presented throughout a three-hour moming show and halfhour noon news

rogram.

regarded by co-workers a5 an aggressive reporter who excelled at live breaking,

* Served as editor of the employee newsletter and co-editor of the community magazine.

* Create impacttul content by creating professional-quality images and powerful stories that
capture,

. Siete eeflliy grew the social media footprint via Linkedin by adding more than 1,100
connections,

* Manage video production needs, as well as supporting in-house video creation (InDesign, final
site, final cut, adobe),

EDUCATION

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines