JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Over 3+ years of experience in IT Industry, experienced in designing, development and implementation of ITSM. Experience on various IT
Services of Service-Now tool like Incident and Problem Management, Service Catalog Requests, Service-Now Administration, Configuration
Management, Knowledge Management, Reporting, Asset Management, Integration with Web Services.

SKILLS

¢ Excellent open and proactive written communication skills with © Solid experience in Tableau reports performance tuning and

focus on grammatical and usability skills dashboards optimization.

« Strong javascript and SQL programming skills and experience ¢ Involved in publishing of various kinds of interactive data

e Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the visualizations, dashboards, and workbooks from Tableau Desktop
ability to effectively interact with all coworkers and stakeholders, to Tableau Servers.
including senior leadership e Experience in reports validation and modeling data with the

e Strong written and oral communication and facilitation skills to purpose of understanding or making conclusions from the data for
effectively work in a global environment evidence-based decision-making.

e Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively with ° Involved in Trouble Shooting, Performance tuning of reports and
staff at all levels resolving issues within Tableau Server and reports.

e Excellent written, verbal, listening, communication & e Worked on data blending and increased dashboard performance
interpersonal skills by extracting data and working with published data sources.

e Strong documentation & record keeping skills, with attention to ¢ Published Workbooks by creating user filters so that only
the SDLC appropriate teams can view it.

© Developed Doughnut charts for analyzing sales planning data.
EXPERIENCE

01/2019 to 02/2021 ServiceNow Developer
Caci International Inc. — Norfolk, VA

e Working knowledge of the Reporting and BI industries landscape, including vendors and tools

¢ Working with end user groups to evaluate and solve technical problems

e Willing to learn/adopt

e Taking ownership for technical solutions

e Developing system integrations and process automation within the ServiceNow instance and other Information
Services applications

e Creating ServiceNow reports and dashboards.

¢ Promoted positive customer support training experience after application completion.

© Used variety of technologies, including ASP NET, MVC, HTMLS, JavaScript and SQL Server to create new
applications.

e Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-
quality testing and final implementation.

e Wrote user manuals and other documentation for roll-out in customer training sessions.

04/2018 to 11/2019 ServiceNow Developer
Caci International Inc. — Charlottesville, VA

¢ Developed of Service catalog which includes creating new catalog items, designing workflows and execution
plans.

e Interacted with Stakeholders, Users, Customers for gathering requirements to arrive at design solution.

e Worked on Modules of ServiceNow like Incident Management, Change Management, Service Catalog, and
Reporting and few other custom applications.

e Provided design, technical solutions for the user requirements at ClientName and made recommendations to
improve their current processes.

e Wrote Client Scripts, UI policies, Business Rules, Security Rules and UI Actions, UI Pages/Macros.

¢ Worked on JDBC Extracts, SQL queries, Data sources, external connectivity using SN data source, Web services,
Email integrations, LDAP etc.

e Designed many catalog items out of which few catalog items involves integration using SOAP Web services,
Restful API.

08/2017 to 03/2018 Tableau Developer
Amsted Industries Incorporated — Canton, NC
e Involved in generating Daily/Weekly Sales & Finance trending reports using Tableau by identifying the
dimensions, measures, measure values & level of details for Business Analytics & Top Executives to give an
overview of current Trends.

e Served as a liaison between the business and the IT department by conducting weekly calls/meetings with
stakeholders, developers, QA Team, UAT Team to document any changes and apply them to Tableau reports as
needed.

Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of

analysis.

¢ Developed interactive dashboards using advanced tableau features like action filters and dynamic parameters
actions to track every claim open,follow up with customers and close claims in a much timelier manner.

e Created Data Connections, Published on Tableau Server for usage with Operational or Monitoring Dashboards.

e Assisted users to publish and collaborate reports via a web browser & embed Tableau views in other web
applications like SharePoint.

e Worked with REST APIS and Tableau Client Server which has greatly reduce the burden on Asurion's analyst team
allowing them to focus on more business-critical activities.

© Designed, developed, and maintained Tableau self-service reports and dashboards with different drill-down
capabilities that were inclined to identifying out of pattern behavior.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2015 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
University of Lagos

Actrviries AND Honors

Member. Nigerian Association of Computer Science Society
Mentored grade school children in Houston in reading comprehension