TIMOTHY DUNCAN

Python Developer

\ 229-828-1284  Glily.williams@gmail.com — ~ github.io/lily.williams

SUMMARY

Python developer with 8 years of experience in finance and fintech. Well-
acquainted with database engineering, data warehouses, and data processing.
Knowledgeable in Python frameworks related to data such as SciPy, NumPy,
Matplotlib. Cloudera certified Data analyst, PCPP-1 certification and Spark/Hadoop
developer certification.

EDUCATION

B.S. Software Engineering pam
University of California, San Fransisco 3.8/4.0
fH 2008-2012 @ San Francisco, CA

EXPERIENCE

Python Developer
Revolut f 2015-2018 9 SanFrancisco,CA

Revolut is a financial technology company that offers banking services. We offer
accounts featuring currency exchange, debit cards, virtual cards, and vaults.
* Collaborated with Web Application Engineers, used Python scripts to load the
data into AWS Cloud Cassandra database
Visualised over 40 datasets with Matplotlib
Involved in processing the streaming data as well as batch data using Apache

Spark

Delivering projects with 1-2 days turn around time or even within hours

Python Developer
Bank of America f 2012-2015 @ SanFrancisco,CA

Lauzon is a finance firm based out of San Fransisco, CA. They cater to over 30 local
businesses and startups by providing custom finance software.

Developed internal tools for text mining (sentimental analysis), and web crawler
for collecting data by Python and SQL

Used AWS Elastic Beanstalk service for deploying and scaling web applications
and services developed with Java, Python

Developed shell scripting and Python programs to automate the data flow on
day-to-day tasks

Analyzed the SQL scripts and designed the solution to Developed a custom ETL
pipeline by using Python

Junior Python Developer
Streich f 2018-Present @ San Francisco, CA

Lauzon is a finance firm based out of San Fransisco, CA. They cater to many local
businesses and startups by providing custom finance software.

Made over 800 insertions and 150 deletions to 4 central Firmware repositories
in less than 3 months

Participated in more than 4 projects per year from initial research and
conceptual design through testing and implementation phases

Developed data quality portal using Python scripting, increasing data quality by
30%

Communicated and coordinated with the project manager and coworkers

to resolve 30+ build breaks a month

www.enhancv.com

9 San Francisco, CA

SKILLS
Programming

Python SciPy NumPy

Matplotlib

Django Flask SQL Java

Databases & Servers

AWS DjangoORM = MySQL_— ETL

Cassandra MongoDB Hadoop

Spark

Development

GIT SVN PyCharm

CERTIFICATION

CCA Data Analyst
Cloudera, 2017

CCA Spark and Hadoop Developer
Cloudera, 2015

PCPP1
The Python Institute, 2014

STRENGTHS

Time management

Prioritizes essential tasks so they are not
rushed. Sets deadlines that ensure reaching
milestones on time.

©

Adaptability

| remember that change is not personal and is
inevitable. | break my projects into multiple
parts so that if something goes wrong, | can
quickly fix it.

oS

Accountability

| take ownership of my mistakes. By doing
that | learn what | did wrong so that it does
not happen again.

Poweredby (CX? Enhancu