SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

CERTIFICATIONS

LANGUAGES

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Strategic developer skilled in Machine Learning & Al, application development, testing, and optimization.
Excels in coordinating the planning, programming, and implementation of core modules. Maintain strong
object-oriented and software architecture foundations.

« Data analysis & visualization, Math, Data e Operating system: Linux, Microsoft Windows,
structure & Algorithms, Relational Database, macOS
EC2 AWS, ETL, SSRS, SSIS, ORM, Object e Framework: Flask

Oriented Programming , Agile/Scrum
Methodology, RDMS Development and SQL,
Web Programming, Machine Learning & Al

« Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript,
Java , MSSQL, PL/SQL

SQL DEVELOPER 03/2019 to 10/2022
Louisiana State University | Baton Rouge, LA

SSMS, T-SQL, JAVA, JIRA, Visual C++, SPRING, SOAP. REST, Hibernate

e Creating .updating, and deploying quality T-SQL codes, stored procedures, views, functions, triggers
and jobs

e Updating and enforcing security procedures assuring 15% less breach risk

e Tested databases and performed bug fixes.

e resolve program architecture issues and reduce support requests by more than 30%

e Maintenance and support of SQL server Mirroring. Log shipping, Clustering, and other methods of
disaster recovery

e Coordinated testing and validation procedures through software development lifecycle.

e Working with business stakeholders, application developers. and production teams and across
functional units to identify business needs and discuss solution options

e Developing highly efficient algorithms in C++ through both pair-programming and independent work

¢ The algorithms improved inventory management benchmarks 18 percent

e Updating status on work through JIRA.

FRCIELANCE PYTHON DEVELOPER 04/2020 to 07/2020
Aviva Dermatology | City, STATE

Project description -
Develop an application that can detect 60 classes of skin diseases via Deep learning. The application will
utilize predictive analysis to identify an associated skin disease to aid in treatment.

¢ Collect dataset from the dermnet website using API request

e perform data cleaning and Preprocessing.

e Used Keras, CV2, and TensorFlow to build a CNN model with an accuracy rate of about 96%

e Utilizing HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, and Flask Framework for app development.

e Programmed applications and tools using object-oriented languages with goals of code abstraction,

stability and reuse.
e Coordinated system installations, testing and code corrections.
e Work with company software developers to incorporate the app into the company platform.

FRUELANCE DATA SCIENCE 02/2018 to 09/2019
CVS Healthcare | City, STATE

e Extensively used Python's multiple data science packages like Pandas, NumPy, matplotlib, Seaborn,
SciPy, Scikit-learn, and NLTK.

e Built models using techniques like Regression, Tree based ensemble methods, Time Series
Forecasting, KNN, Clustering, and Isolation Forest methods.

e Use data augmentation, cross-validation, and hyperparameter tuning methods to avoid overfitting.

e Increase accuracy rate up to 98%

e Create a framework using D3.js and flask for visualizing trends and understanding patterns of
transactions using the history data.

e Interact with non-technical stakeholders to deliver analyses and answer questions on deliverables.

e Applied data mining for new and valuable business insight that helped cut expenses by up to 20% and
increase revenue by 8.95 %.

PYOHON DEVELOPER INTERN 03/2016 to 11/2017
Alten Calsoft Labs | City, STATE

e Implemented Python scripts to automatically sync data between different storage server depending on
current available space and remote location.

e Tested compatibility and functionality of a web application using Selenium in Python.

e Generated graphs for business decision-making using Python matplotlib, seaborn, or Plotly library.

e Used Python library Beautiful Soup for web scrapping to extract data for building graphs.

e Used python library SQLAIchemy for data manipulation and data modeling.

e Created reusable programming libraries to support multi-project integration and rapid iterative
development.

e Integrated Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Service into programming tasks.

e Monitored performance of programs after implementation, developing metrics for analysis and
determining areas of improvement.

e Contributed to API design. prioritizing ease-of-use and broad compatibility.

e Obtained and evaluated information on hardware configuration costs, reporting requirements and
security needs.

Bachelor of Science | Mathematics 08/2015
Marien Nguoabi University , Congo

e Sustainable Environment Awareness (SEA)

« Data Analysis & Visualization, Thinkful - 2023

French: English:

iii
Native/ Bilingual Full Professional
Negotiated: Negotiated:

Spanish:
Limited
Negotiated:

* — https://Jessicabat.github.io/