Alexander Taylor

Python Developer | Data Specialist

@ help@enhancv.com @ linkedin.com

9 San Antonio, Texas

SUMMARY

Enthusiastic Python Developer with over two years’ experience in HTML,
JavaScript, and web development. Skilled in fetching and cleaning data,
building APIs and web crawling. Seeking a challenging opportunity to
utilize these skills and grow further in the field of data science.

EXPERIENCE

Junior Python Developer

Cognizant
#4} 2019-2020 9 San Antonio, Texas

Worked on HTML, JavaScript and Python development projects, with a focus on data

fetching and cleansing.

e Developed Python scripts for Web Crawling and Web scraping resulting in 30%
increased efficiency.

e Assisted in building APIs on top of cleaned data sets, which helped to automate
data flow from multiple sources.

¢ Worked on storing extracted data into SQL / No SQL data store.

Web Developer

Accenture
&3} 2018-2019 9 San Antonio, Texas

Worked on web development projects using HTML and JavaScript. Gained Python
skills on the job.

e Created dynamic and interactive web pages which improved customer interaction
by 40%.

e Developed complex JavaScript functions to improve web page efficiency.

e Automated HTML and CSS tasks by implementing preprocessor scripting
language, decreasing production time by 25%.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science

University of Texas
@ 2016-2018 9 San Antonio, Texas

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Texas Tech University
&§ 2012-2016 9 Lubbock, Texas

LANGUAGES
a COCCO rite @@

STRENGTHS

VY Critical Thinking

Effectively used critical thinking to troubleshoot
and solve challenging development problems
while at Accenture.

ff Communication

At Cognizant, successfully communicated
technical data complications and helped the
team to overcome them.

@ Teamwork

Collaborated with development team to deliver
over 10 successful projects within given
deadlines at Accenture.

SKILLS

Python HTML JavaScript
Regular expressions Web Scraping
Crawling SOL/NoSOL Data Cleansing

API Development

CERTIFICATION

Python for Data Science

A specialized course conducted by Coursera that focused
on Python development for data science applications.

Data Structures and Algorithms

An intensive course offered by Udacity that targeted
understanding of key data structures and algorithms.

PASSIONS
VW Coding

Love for coding started in college and continued
professionally, always exploring new
development techniques.