Dhruvi

Python Developer
Email ID: chaudharidhruvij90@gmail.com
Phone no: +1-347-948-8012

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

8 years of expenence in Design, Development and analysis of Python, Django and client- server
technologies-based applications.

Concept knowledge of Python libranes such as NumPy, Pandas, Requests, urllib3, Pyarrow,
AWS CLI, boto3, Http for data analysis. Understanding of computing concepts including Data
Structures (Linear Regression, Decision Tree) and file manipulation in Python.

Expenence in HTML/HTML5, DHTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScnpt, XML, JSON, Oracle PL/SQL
and Postgres.

Expenence with Amazon Web Services (Amazon EC2, Amazon $3, Amazon Simple DB,
Amazon RDS, Amazon Elastic Load Balanang, Amazon SQS5, AWS Identity and access
management, Amazon SNS, AWS Cloud Watch, Amazon EBS, Amazon CloudFront, VPC,
Route 53, DynamoDB , Lambada and Redsiu ft)

Expenence in Object Onented Design and Programmung concepts using Python 3.x and Java
Expenenced in working with vanous Python Integrated Development Environments hike
NetBeans, PyChann, PyScnpter, Spyder, PyStudio, PyDev and Sublime Text

Expenence in implementing Model View Control (MVC) architecture using server-side
applications like Django, Flask and Pyramud for developing web applications

Knowledge on Cloud Based Solutions (AWS) and cloud based infrastructure.

Expenence in wnting Subquenes, Stored Procedures, Tnggers, Cursors, and Functions on
MySQL and PostgreSQL database

Expenence with XML/JSON based SOAP and REST web services

Expenence with several python packages like Numpy, matPlotLib, Beautiful Soup, Pickle,
PySide, Scaipy, wxPython, PyTables etc.

Expenence in Bash Shell Scnpting, SQL and Java

Famuliar with developing web service components using Mulesoft 3.x

Expenenced in Agile Methodologies, Scrum stones and spnnts expenence in a python based
environment, along with data analytics, data wrangling and Excel data extracts

Expenence in developing and executing test cases Manually and developed Automation script
with Selenium IDE, Grid, Selenium RC, Selenium Web driver, Jenkins.

Expenenced with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Database designs, agile
methodologes, coding, testing of enterpnse applications and IDE's such as Jupiter Notebook,
PyCharm, Spyder and Visual Studio

Good knowledge in various phases of SDLC Requirement Analysis, Design, Development and
Testing on vanous Development and Enhancement Projects.

Good Expenence in error and exceptional handling.

Expenence in designing the automation framework using Shell scripting.

Strong expenence and knowledge of real time data analytics using Spark Streaming, Kafka and
Flume

Good knowledge in various phases of SDLC Requirement Analysis, Design, Development and
Testing on vanous Development and Enhancement Projects.

Hands-on expenences in wniting and renewing requirements, architecture documents, test plans,
design documents, quality analysis and audits.