JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Amiable Engineering Intern talented at communicating with technical colleagues and non-technical customers alike. Deftly translates complex
engineering ideas into laymen's terms and vice versa. Contributes to projects by providing streamlined, clear communication channels for all
stakeholders.

SKILLS
© Solidworks © Java
e Creo e ANSYS
© Catia « COMSOL
e Python « ABAQUS
WorRK HISTORY

Python Developer Intern, 09/2020 - 06/2021
Corteva, Inc. — Toledo, India
¢ Prepared and submitted reports and other documentation to assist development team members
e Produced clean, validation-ready code for project needs
e Investigated technical challenges to identify root cause and provide expedient resolutions
¢ Worked on pandas, numpy, scipy and matplotlib.
e Wrote clean, clear and well-tested code for various projects.

e Partnered with company mentor to learn best practices in software design.

Business Analyst Intern, 06/2022 - Current
Lifescape — Sioux Falls, SD
e Exercised critical thinking to resolve Design errors in Solidworks Drawing reports.
e Worked one-on-one with clients to improve Design specifications.
e Assisted with engineering calculations, design drawings, preliminary cost estimates and field visits to observe construction progress.
e Automated the reading and interpretation blueprints, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports.
e Worked on back-end development of certain Windchill (Product Life Management) types and products.

Teaching Assistant, 08/2021 - 05/2022
University Of Miami Miller School Of Medicine — Hollywood
e Formatted quizzes and final exams for two subjects, "Dynamics of Solids" and "Heat Transfer"
e Partnered with teacher to plan and implement lessons following school's curriculum, goals and objectives.

e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning environment.

Research Assistant, 08/2021 - 05/2022
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. — Plainville
¢ Worked on Cell Division in an ECM/hydrogel, running the simulations on Lammps
e Comparing the simulations to the in-vitro experiments using CNN
¢ Worked both independently and collaboratively in fast-paced laboratory environment.
e Performed statistical, qualitative and quantitative analysis.

Mechanical Engineering Intern, 06/2018 - 09/2018
Sona Leather | India — City
¢ Developed technical skills through training and shadowing experienced professionals.
* Created CAD drawings using Solidworks to convey manufacturing and production configurations.
¢ Created parts for machining, sheet metal fabrication and injection molding.
¢ Performed analysis using ANSYS.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s: mechanical engineering THESIS
Pes University - Bangalore
Thermal Management of Li-ion batteries, Recetved CNR Rao Scholarship. Awarded First Class with Distinction for 6 semesters.

Master’s: mechanical engineering, 05/2023
University of Colorado - Boulder, CO
Specialized in Design and Computing. Worked on Image Recognition and on IOT projects. Working on Machine Learning and concerned

modules.

SKILLS

* Solidworks
e Creo

* Catia

e Python

e Java

e ANSYS

e COMSOL

e ABAQUS

Work HISTORY

Python Developer Intern, 09/2020 - 06/2021
CGI - Bangalore
¢ Prepared and submitted reports and other documentation to assist development team members
® Produced clean, validation-ready code for project needs
e Investigated technical challenges to identify root cause and provide expedient resolutions
¢ Worked on pandas, numpy, scipy and matplotlib.
* Wrote clean, clear and well-tested code for various projects.

e Partnered with company mentor to learn best practices in software design.

Business Analyst Intern, 06/2022 - Current
CGI — Hartford, CT
e Exercised critical thinking to resolve Design errors in Solidworks Drawing reports.
* Worked one-on-one with clients to improve Design specifications.
e Assisted with engineering calculations, design drawings. preliminary cost estimates and field visits to observe construction progress.
e Automated the reading and interpretation blueprints, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports.
¢ Worked on back-end development of certain Windchill (Product Life Management) types and products.

Teaching Assistant, 08/2021 - 05/2022
University of Colorado Boulder | CO — Boulder
e Formatted quizzes and final exams for two subjects, "Dynamics of Solids" and "Heat Transfer"
e Partnered with teacher to plan and implement lessons following school's curriculum, goals and objectives.

e Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning environment.

Research Assistant, 08/2021 - 05/2022
University of Colorado Boulder | CO — Boulder
© Worked on Cell Division in an ECM/hydrogel, running the simulations on Lammps
e Comparing the simulations to the in-vitro experiments using CNN
© Worked both independently and collaboratively in fast-paced laboratory environment.
¢ Performed statistical, qualitative and quantitative analysis.

Mechanical Engineering Intern, 06/2018 - 09/2018
Sona Leather | India — Bangalore
¢ Developed technical skills through training and shadowing experienced professionals.
e Created CAD drawings using Solidworks to convey manufacturing and production configurations.
® Created parts for machining, sheet metal fabrication and injection molding.
* Performed analysis using ANSYS.