JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

¢ Cross- Channel Marketing Specialist with 5 years of experience in Email/SMS/Push marketing

e Experience working with various companies across multiple disciplines including finance. software, and retail.

¢ Salesforce Marketing Cloud consultant Top-performing and highly motivated professional with excellent Salesforce cloud
integration experience and a history of managing high-level automation and migration projects.

e Extensive knowledge of Email platforms, integrations, data analysis, Social and Mobile marketing and a reputation for developing
effective new strategies to
maximize the reach and impact of online campaigns.

e Extensive experience with all primary elements of Marketing Cloud: Email Studio, Content Builder, Journey Builder, Analytics Builder,
Personalization Builder, and Audience Builder. Strong knowledge of
the software development process and the SOAP and REST methods.

e Experienced in working Adobe Campaign. Worked on Creating complex workflows, Schemas, Templates and Transactional Emails

¢ Worked mostly in Agile Environments and has experience with Jira.

SKILLS
Core Skills and Abilities. e AMPSCRIPT.
e Marketing Automation. e« SQL.
e JAVASCRIPT. e Data Tracking.
« Integrations. e HTML/HTMLS.
¢ Journey Builder. e SSIS.
« CSS/CSS3. ¢ Email Platforms.
¢ SOAP API/REST API. © Salesforce Marketing cloud.
e Project Management. e Adobe Campaign
Work History

05/2020 to Current SFMC Developer
ANTHEM - City, STATE

e Responsible SFMC data operations and cross-channel digital marketing campaigns including email and SMS

¢ Scope and drive creation of digital solutions, email campaigns, email reporting, and data integration.

e Used Journey Builder in running different campaigns along with Contact Builder and Automation Studio.

e Built multiple custom solutions using Automation Studio.

¢ Created Data Extensions for multiple Deployments.

e Setup Automated Email deployments for Loyalty Audience based on Customer Data.

© Created one to one customer centric Journey Builder interaction and integrated with Sales Cloud to track, report
and manage customer lifecycle.

¢ Used AMPScript experience in developing dynamic Email/Push marketing.

e Used HTML, CSS, AMPSCRIPT, SSJS and other technologies to build customized solutions that support critical
business functions.

Used SOAP and REST APT in order to invoke triggered sends and update subscriber attributes in all subscriber list.

e Worked on setting up the file import Automations to upload the file from and into SFTP.

¢ Setting up SFTP with Encryption and Decryption keys.

e Experience in auditing existing ESP's and providing recommendations on technology use cases.

e Worked on Marketing Cloud Social Studio to monitor social accounts, competitors and other social data.
* Processed, Augmented, Sorted and Directed the incoming social media content for proper follow up.
* Assigned Social Studio Automate roles and permissions to accomplish various tasks such as add or edit data
sources, rules, rule actions and rule
conditions.

e Used Marketing Cloud Social Studio Mobile Analyze to monitor discussions of owned social accounts and their
broader conversions.

e Managed email and mobile marketing development, deployment, reporting and also developing a variety of
automated retention solutions and lifecycle campaigns based on behavioral segmentation data.

e Track metrics including sends, clicks through rates and other measures using both Exact target and Google
Analytics along with excel.

e Tracking/Data filters/Data Extensions.

¢ Implemented campaign, cross channel tracking and also involved in setting up or creating Admin options, User
interface, organization-wide
defaults, role hierarchy and workflow rules

¢ Documented technical implementations and knowledge to educate newly hired employees.

e Involves in Client Meeting to gather requirement.

01/2019 to 03/2020 SFMC Developer
LiquidHub — City, STATE

e Carried out day-to-day duties accurately and efficiently.

¢ Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.

e Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins.

e Successful migrated over Multiple complex Journeys and Automations from other marketing automation platform.

e Participated in IP Warming and made sur domain's reputation was good during migration process.

¢ Responsible for technical coordination including email QA in html, writing SQL query and AmpScript logic and
leveraging assets to build and deploy email campaigns.

e Worked on creating custom Server side scripts.

e Automated multiple Campaigns.

¢ Worked on Setting up multi touch welcome campaign for new opt-in's.

e Implemented Salesforce Marketing Cloud Migration from other ESP.

e Assisted software development team in creating innovative API integrations with different systems and also testing.

e Worked on setting up different environments for QA and E2E testing

e Leverage AmpScript to automate email sending processes and also to send dynamic emails.

e Managed email and mobile marketing development, deployment, reporting and also developing a variety of
automated retention solutions and lifecycle campaigns based on behavioral segmentation data.

e Track campaign metrics including sends, clicks through rates and other measures using both Exacttarget and
Google Analytics along with excel.

e Experience on campaign management tools, data-driven campaigns, emails.

¢ Implemented campaign cross channel tracking.

¢ Involved in Setting up or creating Admin options, User Groups , User Accesses organization-wide defaults, role
hierarchy and workflow rules

e Worked with Sales force support team to work on support tickets.

e Accustomed to working in both large and small team environments

e Experience using Agile Scrum Methodology for Software Development.

¢ Capable of rapidly learning new technologies and successfully applying them to projects.

¢ Worked closely with Business users for requirements gathering and Business analysis

10/2017 to 12/2018 Adobe Campaign Developer
PNC — City, STATE

¢ Worked on Marketing Automation using Adobe Campaign Classic.

e Creating typologies, Target mapping to set rules to email deliveries and worked on various email campaigns based
on business rule specified using ACC.

¢ Configuring. Testing and Publishing landing page and delivery templates.

e Configured Email URL Tracking parameters in instance for Brand configuration.

¢ Created Import workflows to load Kohl's data from flat files placed in SFTP into AS Custom
resources

¢ Worked on Export workflows to generate report of campaign Clicks. Opens and Delivery status like
sent, failed from Trackinglogs. Exclusionlogs and Delivery logs tables in Adobe Campaign.

EpucatIon
05/2017 Master of Science: Information Systems
The University of Texas At Dallas - Richardson, TX
CERTIFICATIONS
Marketing cloud email specialist

Adobe Campaign Classic Developer