JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Versatile Software Development Engineer committed to consistently finding dynamic solutions for software issues. Polished in finding
innovative ways to efficiently build scalable, high-availability online systems. Excels in fast -paced, high-energy and deadline driven
environment with willingness to take on additional tasks. Knowledgeable Software Developer with in-depth knowledge of C#, ASP.NET,
JavaScript, and Python. Expertise in writing codes in various languages, developing layouts and integrating software components.

SKILLS

¢ HTML.CSS, Javascript e Agile development methodologies

e Python’/Django e Interface design and implementation

¢ SQL Server Management Studio (1 year) e Application development

e Visual Basic e Library design

e GitHub e WordPress

¢ Microsoft C#/ASP. NET e Amazon Web Services
EXPERIENCE

10/2020 to 11/2020 C#/ASP.NET Developer
Medical Science — Bowie. MD
© Create page layouts for different site functions.
e Reconfigure website links to proper navigation throughout the application.
¢ Debug any known features and test new code to ensure proper functionality.
e Implement new concepts to enhance the user experience.
e Work with the development team to ensure a deliverable product in a timely manner.
e Programmed applications and tools using object-oriented languages with goals of code abstraction, stability and
reuse.
e Assessed code during testing stage to determine potential glitches and bugs.
e Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.
¢ Troubleshot, tested and remedied issues before software deployment.
e Participated in team meetings and provided input on deadlines, designs and enhancements.

04/2020 to 05/2020 Python/Django Developer
Hom Furniture Corporate Office — Oakdale, MN

© Created a web application that tracks something in the user's daily life from scratch that the user would input into
daily, and be able to view the results of those entries utilizing the Django framework.

¢ Build and style a table structure from the data collected and relate the application to a similar established app
performing a web scraping utilizing the Beautiful Soup Python library.

e Gained exposure to Azure and version control software, GIT.

e Ultimately experienced how to work with a team on a project, how to learn a new software quickly and efficiently
enough to have a quality deliverable product to show to a customer due to proper research and project planning.

¢ Worked closely with development team members to identify and remove software bugs.

e Tested all software prior to going live to alleviate bugs and troubleshoot issues.

e Designed user-friendly software interfaces to simplify overall management.

e Participated in team meetings and provided input on deadlines, designs and enhancements.

06/2014 to 06/2016 Visual Merchandiser
H&M — City, STATE

e Executed store's visual aspects according to company expectations such as marketing and campaign material,
indoor mannequins, window updates, placement of new products.

¢ Provide excellent customer service by staying informed about the garments, current trends, and store campaign and
sales activities.

e Maintain a positive, friendly attitude with an interest in fashion.

e Handle incoming garments and make sure the store maintains its great presentation.

e Enhanced store and display appearance utilizing seasonal promotions and trends to drive strategy.

¢ Restructured merchandising strategy to promote high value and products.

e Presented updated floor plans and design strategy to store management.

e Taught sales staff to properly coordinate clothing racks and counter displays to maximize promotional
effectiveness.

e Organized engaging front-facing displays to capture customer interest and drive revenue growth.

¢ Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

12/2020 Full Stack Software Development
The Tech Academy - Salt Lake City, UT
Completed professional development in Front-End and Back-End Computer Programming

Communications

Ohio University - Athens, Oh
e Minor in Video Production/Media Management
e Kings/Chavez/Parks Scholarship Recipient
e Ohio Men's Crew Team Member

CourRsEs

« Computer and Technology Basics

¢ Software Development Overview

e Version Control Course (Git and GitHub)
e HTML 5 & CSS3 Course

e Javascript Course

e Database and SQL Course

¢ Visual Studio Course -Python Course
e C# and ASP. NET Course

e LiveProject-Python/Django

© LiveProject- C#/.NET

¢ Project Management Course

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

¢ Willing to relocate: Anywhere, Authorized to work in the US for any employer