JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

e Over 4 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Management, and Implementation of various standalone and client -
server architecture-based enterprise application software.

e Experience in each phase of software Development life cycle (SDLC) in Agile Software Methodology and the waterfall methodology.

e Exposed to all aspects of software development life cycle such as Analysis, Planning. Developing, Testing and Implementing and Post-
production analysis of the projects.

e Extensive experience of working with the build and deployment of large-scale applications.

e Hands on experience with Subversion and GIT.

e Experience in Administration / Maintenance of source control management systems such as Git Hub and Subversion SVN. Created tags
and Branches, fix the merge issues and administered Software Repositories.

e Hands on experience with bug tracking tools like Tracker, Jira, HP Service Manager and TFS.

e Experience in a UNIX environment and expertise in several flavors of Linux including Red Hat, CentOS, and Ubuntu.

« Strong experience in System Administration, Installation, Upgrading Patches, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup,
Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine-tuning on Red Hat Linux Systems.

e Experience writing Ruby, Python, Shell (Bash), Perl and Batch/PowerShell scripts to automate the deployments.

SKILLS

e SVN, Git e Perl, Shell (Kshell, Bash), Python

e Jira, TFS e Django

e Jenkins, Ansible, Kafka, HPSA ¢ MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle DB, MS-SQL

e Amazon Web Services (AWS) e Windows(2K8.2K12.2K16), Linux (RHEL, Ubuntu, Centos)
EXPERIENCE

12/2018 to Current Python Developer
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Dayton, NJ

¢ Developed most of the application part in Linux environment and very much familiar with all of its commands.

e Assist with maintaining current build systems, developed build scripts, and maintained the source control system.

e Experience in using collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects.

© Used python and bash for automation of different installations like Perl packages and Anthilpro.

e Worked on Ansible deployments, written various Ansible playbooks with multiple roles, tasks with loops,
templates, service management, host variables, group variables etc.

© Used Ansible to manage Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.

e Ansible playbook for application deployment and configuration management, orchestration on virtual instances to
install and push initial configuration.

e Experience of various Python application development and CI/CD pipeline tools like GitHub, Jenkins and Unix
shell scripting.

¢ Involved in Python OOP code for quality, logging, monitoring, and debugging code optimization.

e Created Unit test’ regression test framework for working/new code.

e Automated installation of the universal Splunk forwarder on several Unix servers.

e Developed several standalone scripts for the installing and the uninstalling different RPM’s.

09/2017 to 11/2018 AWS Python Developer
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Dayton, OH

¢ Built CI pipeline to automatically test all code commits and CD pipeline for developers to ship code to production.

¢ Implemented Continuous Integration using Jenkins and TFS.

Developed Views and Templates with Django view controller and template architecture to create a user-friendly
website interface.

¢ Configured the Django admin site, dashboard and created a custom Django dashboard for end users with custom
look and feel

e Used Django APIs for database access.

© Coordinate and assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling and naming
conventions using GIT source control.

e Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services.

e Built scalable Docker infrastructure for Micro services utilizing ECS - AWS Elastic Container service by creating
task definition json file.

¢ Composed high level Kafka producers and consumers for the data streaming across various databases.

e Created the REST API using python and used DJANGO.

e Strong Expertise in working with server-side technologies including databases, Restful API and MVC design
patterns.

¢ Designed and developed components using Python with Django framework.

¢ Implemented code in python to retrieve and manipulate data.

09/2016 to 08/2017 Linux Admin-Intern
Galaxy I Technologies — City, STATE

e Performing capacity analysis, monitoring and controlling disk space usage on systems.

¢ Monitoring system activities and fine-tuning system parameters and configurations to optimize performance and
ensuring security of systems.

e Install, configure, and troubleshoot enterprise-wide Apache web servers and Tomcat application containers in a
large Red Hat Linux/Centos environment.

© Deploy. upgrade and maintain application and web servers.

e Designing Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application.

¢ Providing technical support for internal users and resolving trouble shooting tickets.

e Red Hat Package Management (RPM) and YUM package installation and maintenance.

e Remote system administration via tools like SSH and Telnet.

¢ Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.

e Provide After Hours and On-Call Linux support to Development team & internal customers.

¢ Monitor system activities and fine tune system parameters and configurations to optimize performance

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

08/2016 Master of Science: computer engineering
California State University - Fullerton, CA