PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION ©

CERTIFICATION

f
r

Jessica Claire

9 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘*2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

-) Around 4 years total IT experience as a Python Developer and Machine learning Engineer. Extensive experience in

f
-

Python Django web frame works, large file processing using shell scripts and python, building machine learning and
deep learning models for natural language processing (NLP), Computer Vision and predictive models.

e Python e SQL
e« Tensorflow e Keras (Tensorflow backend)
e AWS e Natural Language Processing
e Flask e SkLearn
e Pandas e Apache Spark (Py Spark)
e Bokeh and Matplotlib e Azure Machine Learning Studio
e Artificial Neural Networks and Convolutional Neural « Computer Vison
Networks e Scipy
« OpenCV e Git
e H20
PYTHON DEVELOPER 12/2019 to CURRENT

Cognizant Technology Solutions | Mount Laurel, NJ

e Maintaining daily bill cycle run for Voice, Data and SMS modules for Verizon customers.

e« Implement several code changes to the Python modules running Voice, Data and SMS which includes but not
limited to addition of new functionalities, bug fixes and performance improvements.

e Responsible for deploying enhanced code bases into production servers in the Data centers respective to the
modules.

e Team lead for project which implements billing of Phase 3 customers for Voice module, which is an additional
new functionality.

« Responsible for delivering billing module of Voice Phase 3 and monitoring the testing team in testing the entire

module.

e Responsible for implementing low latency SQL which does not overload the production databases as the load
will be huge.

e Responsible for answering business in situations like over charge, promo not applied errors, on the
development team.

e Part of team converting entire existing Java code base for data module for Verizon business customers
making the entire billing module.
Environment : Python 3.6, SQL, Jenkins (Cl/CD). AWS, Linux, SQLdeveloper, Java.

MACHIfC= LEARNING ENGINEER 05/2017 to 11/2019
Salesforce.Com, Inc. | Raleigh, NC

e Developed machine learning model which predicts the risk of a person being affected by sepsis during visit to
the hospital.

e Developed a deep neural network to predict the readmission probability of a person with in 7 days and 30 days
of their visit to the hospital.

« Built a recommendation system which recommends a level of dosage of a medicine for a person affected
with pneumonia, diabetes, and blood pressure using recurrent neural networks (LSTM networks).

e Developed a image recognition model using openCV and CNN, which recognizes the readings in a digital
machine reading picture by isolating the digital reading from the picture.

e Experience in working with different supervised and unsupervised, machine learning algorithms.

e Experience in implementing different deep learning algorithms using network architectures like feed forward
neural network, convolutional neural network, recurrent neural network.

e Experience in using openCV to achieve wide variety of computer vision tasks mostly related to but not limited
to health care.

e Experience in using different machine learning libraries like Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Scipy, Tensorflow,
Keras, XGBoost, NLTK, Computer vision libraries like OpenCV and imageio.

e Experience in using different data visualization libraries like Matplotlib, Seaborn and Bokeh.

e Built a resume suggestion tool which sorts and filters out the best possible candidate for a position based on
the job description and the applicants resume using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques like
Sequence labeling, Name entity recognition, part-of-speech tagging and word embeddings for internal use of
our recruitment team.

e Built plugins using flask which connects the database of resumes and data of job descriptions to use with the
applications.

e« Built a basic Ul for resume suggestion tool using Flask and integrated all the plugins for easy on non
commercial use, which in turn increase the productivity of the recruitment team.

« The machine learning models which i worked on are being used in ios and android application called myHFB.

Enironment : Python, AWS, Tensorflow, Pandas, Flask, OpenCV, H2O, SQL, Keras, Kubernetes, Apache spark,
Jenkins (Cl/CD), Computer vision.

PROGRAMMER ANALYST/ETL DEVELOPER 09/2016 to 03/2017
Tek9 Solutions | City, STATE

e Understanding the Business Requirements and Develop an ETL process to load data from source to target.

e Used transformations such as the source qualifier, normalizer, aggregators, connected & unconnected
lookups, filters, sorter, stored procedures, router & sequence generator.

e Developed and scheduled Workflows using task developer, worklet designer, and workflow designer in
Workflow manager and monitored the results in Workflow monitor.

e Designed and developed Informatica Mappings and Sessions based on business user requirements and
business rules to load data from source flat files and sqlserver tables to target tables.

e Actively involved in gathering requirements from the end users.

e Worked with Source Analyzer, Warehouse Designer, Transformation designer, Mapping designer and
Workflow Manager.

e Worked with oracle data integrator (ODI) to cover all data integration requirements for data warehouse.

Environment : SQLdeveloper, Informatica, Java, SQL, sqlserver.

Master of Science | Computer Information Technology 2016
Purdue University, Hammond

Bachelc) of Science | Electrical And Electronics Engineering 2014
Acharya Nagarjuna University, Guntur

' AWS Solutions Architect ( Associate Level)

OpenCV Computer Vision Course on Pyimagesearch