Jessica Claire

9g Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 , (555) 432-1000 «<4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Eager Python Django developer with 7 years exploiting model-template-view architectural pattern of Django
SUMMARY framework to shorten development times and reduce design costs. Specializes in creating accessible, data-
driven web assets. Keen to apply expansive development knowledge to deliver fast, efficient Python projects.

SKILLS (©  « Frameworks - Django, Flask, Pyramid, Spring « Databases - Oracle, MySQL, SQL. MongoDB
and CSS Bootstrap « Operating Systems - Windows, Mac OSX,
¢ Programming Languages - Python, SQL, PL/ Ubuntu, Red hat Linux
SQL, Oracle ¢ Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP. REST
« Web Technologies - HTML, CSS, DOM, « Deployment Tools: Jenkins, Heroku
JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, XML, WordPress e Issue Trackers: JIRA, VSTS

e Version Control: Git, GitHub
e« Python Libraries - NumPy, Maftplotlib, Pandas,

Bottle
« IDEs/Development Tools - PyCharm, Sublime
Text, Eclipse
WORK HISTORY © PYTHON DEVELOPER 2017 to CURRENT

Infosys Ltd | Scottsdale, AZ

« Responsible for Design and maintenance of databases using Python. Developed Python based APIs
(RESTiul Web services) by using Flask, SQL AlClaireemy and PostgreSQL.

« Designed test cases and test plans and developed an embedded software data driven test automation
framework in Linux/Python.

« Developed an autonomous continuous integration system by using Git, Gerrit, Jenkins, MySQL and
custom tools developed in Python and Bash.

« Developed web components by using JSP. Serviet under J2EE Environment and implemented security
features for the APIs.

« Worked with various python libraries suClaire as Pandas and Matplotlib for analysis and manipulation of
data.

« Wrote Python scripts fo parse and load the data into the database, from the XML and JSON files, and
wrote programs for performance calculations by using NumPy and SQL AlClaireemy.

« Designed and developed asynClaireronous messaging systems using JMS, MDB, and MQ series.

e Used SQL toolkits like SQL AlClaireemy and Geo AlClaireemy.

e Used Analytical Python Libraries like Pandas and Numpy to work on Data Manipulations.

« Documented the entire build and deployment process including detailed step-by-step instructions.

e« Wrote python scripts to parse XML and CSV documents to load the data in database.

« Used REST based microservices with REST template based on RESTful APIs and designed, developed
the UI for the client websites by using HTML, CSS, jQuery and React js.

« Designed and developed the presentation layer using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.

« Worked on AJAX framework to transform Datasets and Data tables into HTTP- serializable JSON strings.

« Extensively worked on Amazon Web Services like S3, Cloud WatClaire, API Gateway, Step Functions,
Lambda, SES, EC2 and ECS.

« Responsible for building scalable distributed data solutions using Hadoop.

e Used Spark API over Cloudera Hadoop YARN to perform analytics on data in Hive.

e« Migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity.

e Dealt with large datasets by using Pandas data frames and MySQL and performed dynamic
implementation of SQL server work on the website using SQL developer tool.

« Deployed the project onto the Jenkins server, and organized the configurations and versions of the
code using SVN version control system.

e« Used AWS for application deployment and configuration. Responsible for setting up REST APIs using
Django.

e Built an AWS and REDIS server for storing the data and performed defect analysis and interaction with
Business Users during UAT/SIT.

« Handled client-side validations using JavaScript and designed J2EE components of the RESTful Web
Services and sClaireeduled application in UML based on Java batClaire jobs.

« Designed, developed, implemented, and maintained solutions for using Docker, Jenkins, Git, and
Puppet for microservices and continuous deployment.

e Implemented the unit testing by using Python Unit test framework.

« Debugged applications using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using
DOM and DOM Functions.

e« Experienced in performance tuning of Spark Applications for setting right BatClaire Interval time, correct
level of Parallelism and memory tuning.

« Optimizing of existing algorithms in Hadoop using SparkContext Spark-SQL, Data Frames and Pair
RDD.

« Implemented ELK (Elastic SearClaire, Log stash, Kibana) stack to collect and analyze the logs produced
by the spark cluster.

e« Performed advanced procedures like text analytics and processing, using the in-memory computing
capabilities of Spark.

« Experienced in handling large datasets using Partitions, Spark in Memory capabilities, Broadcasts in
Spark, Effective & efficient Joins, Transformations and other during ingestion process itself.

PYOHON DJANGO DEVELOPER 07/2016 to 2017
Infosys Ltd | Somerset, NJ

e Developing/supporting production environment and following organizational trends in Cl/CD, DevOps
and DevSecOps in order to mature and continually improve MISO IT services.

e Experience working with Big Data and exposure to distributed computing platforms like Hadoop.

e Gathering project requirements and developed traits and case classes etc. in Scala and implemented
business logic by using Scala and PySpark language.

e Implemented CI/CD process on ApaClairee Airflow binary and DAG's by building Airflow Docker images
by Docker-Compose and uploading to Jfrog antifactory and deployment through AWS ECS cluster.

e Worked on Airflow performance tuning of DAG'’s and task instance.

e Worked on Airflow sClaireedular (celery) and worker setting in airflow.cfg file.

e Created Hooks and custom operator, operator will sense trigger files in S3 and start data pipeline
process.

e Implemented Multiple Data pipeline DAG's and Maintenance DAG'S in Airflow orClaireestration.

e Responsible for Design and maintenance of databases using Python. Developed Python based APIs
using databases like Oracle, Netezza and PostgreSQL.

e Implemented Performance tuning spark job testing and market job processing using Spark ApaClairee
JMeter and created Dashboard using Grafana application to view Results.

e Resolved bug-fix on production environment.

e Developed and Implemented BatClaire processing of data sources using ApaClairee Spark 2.2.x.

e Developed scala code to connect AWS S3 bucket. Reading and writing data in Scala/Sparksql.

e Cloud migration development from netezza database to AWS cloud services.

e Configuring cluster configuration parameters as per data processing per command in cluster mode.
Performed tuning teClaireniques to better performance in Sparksql.

e Configuring and Setting up Airflow dags as per requirement to run our spark commands in airflow
parallel and sequential.

¢ Creating job flow using Airflow in Python language and automating jobs. Airflow will have separate stack
for deploying Dags on and will run jobs on EMR or EC2 cluster.

e Implemented industry standard DevOps tools Cl/CD (jenkins), GoCD, Git, Maven, Gradle, Claireef,
Puppet, Docker, Kubernetes on client projects.

e Worked on converting multiple Maven project to single Gradle project with designed workflows to
automate build process. Developed java class to scala class.

e Responsible for implementing Map Reduce programs into Spark transformations using Spark and
Scala.

e Worked on loading CSV/TXT/AVRO/PARQUET files using Scala/Java language in Spark Framework and
process data by creating Spark Data frame and RDD and save file in parquet format in HDFS to load
into fact table using ORC Reader.

e Developed Hive Query Language for data analytics.

e Worked on data pipeline using Sqoop, and Pig to extract data from weblogs and store in HDFS.

e Developed various Python scripts to find vulnerabilities with SQL Queries by doing SQL injection,
permission Claireecks and performance analysis.

e Attending daily Scrum meetings for updates. Handling multiple applications with different
teClairenologies.

PYOHON DEVELOPER 04/2016 to 07/2016
Bank Of America Corporation | City, STATE

e« Experienced in handling large datasets using Partitions, Spark in Memory capabilities, Broadcasts in
Spark, Effective & efficient Joins, Transformations and other during ingestion process itself.

« Worked extensively with Bootstrap, JavaScript, and jQuery to optimize the user experience.

« Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

e« Rewrote existing Python/Django modules to deliver certain format of data.

« Designed and developed a data management system using MySQL.

e« Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA (Agile).

e Used Django Database API's to access database objects.

e Developed python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data into the database.

e Handled all the client-side validation using JavaScript.

e Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of
content.

e Used Selenium Library to write fully functioning test automation process that allowed the simulation of
submitting different requests from multiple browsers to the web application.

e Used jQuery for all client-side Java script manipulation.

e Developed entire front end and back end modules using Python on Django Web Framework.

e Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external
interface in the XML format.

e Built development environment with JIRA, Stash/GIT.

e Involved in debugging and troubleshooting the web applications.

e Involved in development using Python, bug fixing and unit testing of the layout commands.

« Dealt with the development of parsers for handling JSON, XML responses and JAXB binding and worked
with JMS (java messaging service) for asynClaireronous communication.

« Used Pandas API to put the data as time series, in a tabular format, for east timestamp data
manipulation and retrieval.

« Published and Consumed Contract SOAP web services and developed corresponding test cases.

« Worked on JMS components for asynClaireronous messaging.

« Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, AJAX, CSS, and JavaScript.

« Perform debugging and troubleshooting the web applications using Subversion version control tool to
coordinate team-development.

e Environment: Python 1.7, Django, C++, Java, jQuery, MySQL, Oracle 10g, 11g. Linux, Django, Eclipse.
Shell Scripting, HTML, XHTML, SVN, CSS, Bugzilla, JavaScript, ApaClairee Web Server.

EDUCATION (© Master of Science | Computer Information Technology and Electrical Engineering Technology 2017
Purdue University, Indiana, USA
« 3.7 GPA
Bachelor of Science | Electrical Engineering Technology 2014

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University , Kakinada, India
« 3.8 GPA