JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

EXEcurIveE SUMMARY

Python Application Developer with 7+ years providing strategic thinking to solve challenging business solutions. Strong technical & data
detailed oriented personality committed to identifying and leveraging Machine Learning and AI opportunities for professional growth. Critical
emphasis on achieving rapid business application development. Motivated leader possessing excellent listening, verbal and written
professional communications skills to meet objectives. Outstanding inter-personalized skill set demonstrated in both team development
collaboration and in autonomous environments in a fast-evolving technological workspace.

PROFESSIONAL SKILL SET

e Python , Java, C#_Net, SAS. R e Git/GitHub

« Django, Flask, Tableau, Streamlit U/UX e System Development Life Cycle SDLC

e Dashboard creation e Machine Learning ML: Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow

¢ Proficient in HTML5, JavaScript, CSS ¢ ML Models: Linear, Logical Regression, Decision Trees, Random
e VS Code, Visual Studio, PyCharm Forrest, Natve-Bayes, Kn Clustering , Neural Networks, Deep
e AWS Cloud EC2, Azure, Docker Containers Learning Networks, GANS, Support Vector Machines, NLP,

e SQL, Oracle, MongoDb, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, JSON,.NET/ADO ChatBot AIL

e Linux, Unix, GitBASH, MS DOS, MacOS e Excellent Professional Communications Listening, Verbal and
¢ Microsoft Suite: Excel, Word,PowerPoint,Sharepoint Written skill set.

« Agile development methodologies e Expert Negotiating Skills

¢ Scrum, Kanban e Exceptional conceptual and analytical problem solving skills
e Jira Software e GANS. Support Vector Machines, NLP. ChatBot

© Project documentation

© Design and development testing and debugging phases

e Data warehousing and analytics

e Experience with Multi-Threaded objects and concurrency.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

04/2021 to Current Python Developer (CONTRACTOR)
Federal Reserve Bank Of Philadelphia — City, STATE

e Designed Full Stack Django ML/AI Applications for Advanced Engineering Team.

© Developed recruitment of new college talent using resume ML/AI application software to automate the selection of
strong candidates, including identifying skill based forecasting to insure optimal matching for attrition or backfills.

e Data Engineering utilizing modern Front End technologies merged with Backend code to deploy NLP Bank
Examiner AI/ML with search and summarization modelling functionality.

¢ Developed HR Resume Screening ML/AI Application to identify internal Talent on demand.

e Performed Data Migrations on MongoDb, NoSQL, SQL.

e Created and designed APIs for AI/ML data models and repositories.

¢ Responsible for unit/functional testing, code patching with Cl/CD methodologies.

e Repurposed exiting libraries to reduce time and cost.

e Translated requested projects into scalable python designs for Machine Learning AI Bank initiatives confirming
alignment with related business goals.

¢ Managed project parameters, scheduled development milestones and set engineering goals with NLP Machine
Learning AI, Data Scientists, and Financial Engineering and quants teams

¢ Reviewed project requirements with business customers to both meet and exceed expectations.

e Mentored entry-level Python development personnel with technical guidance and education.

¢ Introduced AWS / Azure cloud-based EC2 and Docker containerization technologies into Python development to
expand on-premise deployment options.

© Code completion progress given in daily standup meetings with Jira boards.

¢ Worked closely with QA systems analyst, software engineers and Front End / Backend developers to understand
limitations, develop capabilities and resolve software problems and deployment.

¢ Conferred with project managers and other upper management stakeholders to fully understand software design
specifications and plan optimal development approaches.

e Collaborated and encouraged team members to openly and discuss new Machine Learning AI opportunities to
leverage for the Enterprise Federal Reserve System.

03/2007 to 04/2022 Python Developer Independent (CONTRACTOR)
BT-Credit-Suisse (USIS Contractor) — City, STATE
¢ Developed server-side and front-end technologies to create user-friendly systems.
¢ Devised rapid code for add-hoc business requirements.
e Experienced practitioner in debugging large code bases with problematic assemblies and the ability to create
improved solutions to minimize adverse impact to production region.
e Knowledge of AWS / Azure cloud configuration, setup and teardown.
e Code Refactoring and reconciliation and remediation.
e Leveraged modern frameworks using ML/AI libraries to catalyze code development.
¢ Developed API's for Web-based tools.
e Analyzed system requirements and used documented approaches to implement and document development tasks.
e Harnessed version control tools to coordinate project development and individual code submissions.
« Kept project management teams informed of milestone updates and provided a weekly detailed project report.
e Explained highly technical concepts using easily understood terminology to business stakeholders.
© Developed scripts to communicate with back-end API applications to provide updated information programatically.
e Designed software configuration to meet website system hosting requirements.
e Tested Database for bugs and to determine weaknesses.
¢ Documented all technical specifications and testing methods for for future reference and use in other assignments.
e Translated and coded business logic and technical requirements.
© Introduced Machine Learning modelling tools to improve automated audit process to realize over $700,000 in
annually savings.
© Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to newly implemented hardware or upgrade interfaces.
e Wrote developers guide and user manuals and other documentation for roll-outs.
Managing Security Risk by understanding threat vectors and to mitigate risk to the enterprise network

06/2002 to 03/2007 Trading Technology Market Data Engineer
Credit-Suisse — City, STATE

e Responsible for all carrier-based project implementations, coordination, and operational oversight.

e Expert practitioner in resolving Day Two Events in Highly problematic Layerl areas and the ability to create new
improved solutions.

e Wide Area and Metro Area Network Datacentre Supports Mission Critical Market Data and Exchange services.

¢ Low-Latency and Hi-Frequency Trading Platforms Global Dealing and External Messaging Systems High Speed
Digital Transport Carrier Platforms Voice PBX and BT Trading Turret Dealing Systems, Carrier Inventory Audit
and Billing Mediations Achievements Design and Rollout of PrimeTrade Global Dealing Equity Trading Platform.

e Designed and Implemented Hi Speed DWDM Ultra-Low Latency Trading Platforms.

¢ Level 3 support of Mission Critical Market Data and Exchange platforms.

© Procurement and support of Turret Trader Voice.

e Tracking incidents to Provide Day2 operational guidance with a reduction of 20% less incidents.

e Project Managed Business Power Maintenance and Contingency planning events.

e Market Data & Exchanges - Managed roll-out $100 Million Global dealing trading platforms and Derivative
Exchanges for Equity Sales, FI, FX commodity trading desks.

¢ Low Latency Trading - Managed the deployment of with Hi-Speed platforms for market arbitrage strategies.

e LAN/MAN - Managed and deployed Local Area Networks including Hi Speed fiber MAN backbones and
augments for datacenters.

e Datacenter Projects - Managed with hands-on implementation with scheduled checkout UAT client testing of new
network infrastructure.

e Trader Voice - Trading floor turret networks and Market Data applications.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Major: Computer Science, Minor: Mathematics
CITY UNIVERSITY oF NEW YORK SCHOOL of ENGINEERING

Masters Certificate Program Software Developer
SetFocus

Quantitative Mathematics Primer
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF FINANCE

Actrviries AND Honors

Professional Society and Affiliations ACM- Association of Computing Machinery — Professional Member