PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

SUMMERY: Over 8+ Years of total experience and 5+ years of experience in administration, development and
implementation of SOA integrations using Mule ESB, CloudHub, Anypoint Platform, IBM DataPower, IBM MQ
Series and etc. Experience in integration patterns and concepts such as Migration, Broadcast, Bi-Directional
Sync, correlation and aggregation. Experience developing on the Mulesoft ESB platform to deliver SOAP &
REST based APIs. Experience with Enterprise Application Integration (EAI), interconnecting applications and
services using Mule Message building blocks implementing content-based message routing, filters, and
exception handling. Good knowledge of Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) concepts, SOAP and REST
based web services Good experience in MuleSoft Anypoint Platform - 3.7.x, 3.8.x, 4.x versions, Mule MMC,
IPAAS (CloudHub) and devkit. Good experience in Mulesoft installation and configuration on AWS, Azure and
on-premises Linux servers. Good experience in Software Architecture, design with UML & Knowledge of
Design Patterns Experience in modelling & building RAML based APIs for retail customers using Anypoint
Platform. Strong design skills in Java/J2EE, spring Batch, spring MVC, DB design, Enterprise Integration and
Messaging. Conceptual innovative problem solver with excellent organizational and communication skills.
Willingness and ability to quickly adapt to new environments and learn new technologies. Good experience in
setting up automated build and deployment process with CICD tools; Jenkins, Maven, Nexus and repository.
Good experience in integrating Mule runtime with identity provider Ping Federate and Okta. Good experience
in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Analysis, Design, Development and
Testing of software applications. Strong team player. Worked on projects with different team sizes.

e Software Development Standards e Databases: Oracle, MongoDB
e Software Testing and Validation e Software Documentation Control
MULESOFT DEVELOPER 03/2018 to 05/2020

Huron Consulting Group | Kentucky, AR

e Participate in analysis, design, development and implementation life cycles of the project

e Participate in daily scrum meetings to discuss the progress of the project and spring planning and
retrospective meetings

e Utilize various connectors such as Salesforce, FTP. HTTP. VM, File, SMTP. SFTP. Servlet, and Database

e Implement Exception Handling, Logging. and Error Handling

e Create HTTP inbound: outbound flows, custom java and XSLT transformers and Security of APIs using
OAUTH2.0

e Manage performance of the services by using “Scatter and gather" and “choice router"

e Done walk-through, Mule Debugging, and Error fixing

e Implement and consume both SOAP and Restful web services

e Design and develop enterprise services API specification using RAML and REST schema

e Implement Security mechanisms like Security Certificates, key Exchange, and Encryption, Decryption
and OAuth Authentication

e Authorization using Access Token and SM session cookie

e Build and deployment of mule application with Bamboo, Maven ang GitHub

e Create technical specification document for each application

e Create Mule application that uses connectors SFDC, Message Transformer, Choice Exception
Strategies, Batch processing

e Support end user testing and provide post-production support

e Environment: Java, Mulesoft, MMC, Anypoint Studio, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ,. Serviets, Nexus, JSP, JSON,
JMS, CloudHub, GitHub,

e Web Logic Application Server10.3, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH, JAXP. JAXB, WSDL, SOAP. Spring MVC.

PYOHON DEVELOPER 10/2016 to 02/2018
Two95 International Inc. | Columbus, OH

e Configured different objects like MPGW. WS-Proxy, XML Firewall based on the client requirements

e Involved in configuring load balancer groups on DataPower appliance for providing high availability
solutions

e Enabled security for different backend services using LDAP via AAA policy

e Responsible for the migration of proxies from lower environments to higher environments

e Involved in architecture design for various projects involved around DataPower

e Responsible for implementing SSO solution using Datapower and Tivoli Manager

e Developed shell scripts for migrating configurations from DEV to SIT, UAT and Prod

e Developed logging and auditing modules to log required information for debugging and auditing

e Developed Security modules using AAA policy, SiteMinder

e Used Datapower to execute SQL statements like SELECT and INSERT in Oracle 10g Database

e Used Datapower for communicating against backend servers via Mutual Authentication

e Developed error policies within DataPower to handle errors returned by backend applications

e Used Datapower as a mediation layer for Protocol transformation from HTTP->HTTPS, HTTP->MQ, and
MQ -> HTTPS

e Environment: DataPower XI50/XI52, WebSphere 8.x, 7 Oracle 11g, IHS 6.0, SiteScope, Tivoli Access
Manager (TAM), Tivoli Identity Management (TIM), RHEL5

© X.

WB (PYTHON) DEVELOPER 04/2014 to 09/2016
Humana | City, STATE

e Analyze business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various
modules assigned

« Made the application responsive using Bootstrap

e Involved in web designing using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS
for positioning

e After making the applications to be responsive, worked on different mobile devices bugs (like iOS and
android)

« Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the
management review

e Integrated Hibernate ORM with Spring-Hibernate framework to facilitate DML and DOL queries and
represent object-database mapping

e Designed Frontend with object-oriented JavaScript Framework like jQuery

e« Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add
dynamism to the web pages at the client side

« Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash and
Photoshop

e Used Adobe Experience manager for building websites. mobile apps and forms

« Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript OOP. and more Bind objects
and retrieve them via JNDI interface.

BSc.

¢ MCD (MuleSoft Certified Developer) v4
e Customers Bank Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 06/2020 — present
e Mulesoft Developer