Robert Smith

Python Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Good experience of software development in Python and IDEs - sublime
text, PyCharm. Experience in Python, Robot Framework. Technical
experience In supporting applications which use an object-oriented
programrning language (Java). Experience in using Pandas python libraries
during development lifecycle, Excellent experience with Python
developrnent under Linux OS (Ubuntu), Experienced in writing SQL
Queries, Stored procedures, functions, packages, tables, views, triggers.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Python Developer
Varite Inc- April 2014 - Present

Responsibilities:

Involve inthe developmentof the application using Python 3.3, HTMLS,
CSS3, AJAX, |Son and JQuery.

Developed the applications using DJANGO 1, 7 MTV framework which Is
based on model ternplate view design pattern.

Extensively used DJANGO technologies, which includes forrns, ternplates
and orm for communication with database in different forms.
Extensively used interceptors, validators, actions using DJANGOL, 7
frarnework.

Used perforce version control system and Python Tools for Visual
Studio(PTVS) IDE.

Create and write result reports In different formats like txt, csv, xls, and
JSon.

Worked on CSV files while trying to get Input fromm the MySQL database,

Python Developer

ABC Corporation -

2010 - 2014

Responsibilities:

Wrote python scripts to parse xrn! docurnents and load the data inthe
database,

Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for
east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval.

Was involved inthe environment, code installation as well as the svn
implementation,

Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data Into
maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with excel macros
and python libraries.

Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the
data.

Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback Into
meaningful and improved solutions,

This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript
manipulations, bootstrap for the frontend html layout.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

DJANGO, HTML, JQuery,
MYSQL, PYTHON

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)