SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« Dynamic and motivated IT professional with around 15+ years of experience as principal software
developer having expertise in designing data intensive applications using Spark Ecosystem , Big Data
Analytical , Cloud Data engineering , Data Warehouse / Data Mart, Data Visualization , Reporting , and
Data Quality solutions.

« Profound experience in performing Data Ingestion, Data Processing (Transformations, enrichment, and
aggregations).

« Strong Knowledge on Architecture of Distributed systems and Parallel processing, In-depth
understanding of Spark execution framework.

« Experienced with the Spark improving the performance and optimization of the existing algorithms in
Hadoop using Spark Context , Spark-SQL , Dataframe API and worked explicitly on Scala .

« Handled ingestion of data from different data sources into HDFS using Sqoop and perform
transformations using Hive. Map Reduce and then loading data into HDFS.

« Experience of Partitions, bucketing concepts in Scala and worked on fine tuning the spark-scala and sql
queries to optimize performance -

« Experience with different file formats like Avro , parquet , Json and XML .

e Expertise in Creating, Debugging, Scheduling and Monitoring jobs using Airflow.

e Experienced with using most common Operators in Airflow - Python Operator, Bash Operator.

« Hands-on experience in handling database issues and connections with SQL databases such as
Netezza, Oracle, Redshift and PostgreSQL -

« Experience in designing and creating RDBMS Tables, Views, User Created Data Types, Stored
Procedures.

« Expert in designing ETL data flows using creating mappings/workflows to extract data from Netezza &
Oracle Servers.

e« Expert in designing Parallel jobs using various stages like Join, Merge, Lookup, remove duplicates.
Filter, Dataset, Lookup file set, Complex flat file. Modify, Aggregator, XML.

« Hands-on experience with Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, VPC, IAM, Amazon Elastic Load
Balancing, Auto Scaling, CloudWatch, SNS, SES. SQS, Lambda, EMR and other services of the AWS
family.

e« Created and configured new batch job in Denodo scheduler with email notification capabilities and
Implemented Cluster setting for multiple Denodo node and created load balance for improving
performance activity.

e Instantiated, created, and maintained Cl/CD (continuous integration & deployment) pipelines and apply
automation to environments and applications.

« Worked on code versioning automation tools like GIT.

« Experienced with JSON based RESTiul web services.

e Efficient Cloud Engineer with years of experience assembling cloud infrastructure. Utilizes strong
managerial skills by negotiating with vendors and coordinating tasks with other IT team members.
Implements best practices to create cloud functions, applications and databases.

- Big Data Technologies: Hadoop, MapReduce, - Operating Systems: Windows 7/8/XP/2008/2012,
HDFS, Sqoop, PIG, Hive, HBase, Oozie, Flume, NiFi, Ubuntu Linux, MacOS

Kafka, Zookeeper, Yarn, Apache Spark, Mahout, - Network Security: Kerberos

Sparklib - Database Modelling: Dimension Modeling, ER

- Databases: Oracle. MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Modeling, Star Schema Modeling, Snowflake Modeling
Cassandra, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Teradata, - Monitoring Tool: Apache Airflow

Cosmos. - Visualization/ Reporting: Tableau, ggplot2.

- Programming: Python, PySpark, Scala, Java, C, C+ matplotlib, SSRS and Power Bl

+, Shell script, Perl script, SQL - Machine Learning Techniques: Linear & Logistic
- Cloud Technologies: AWS, Microsoft Azure Regression, Classification and Regression Trees,

- Frameworks: Django REST framework, MVC, Random Forest, Associative rules, NLP and
Hortonworks Clustering.

- Tools: PyCharm, Eclipse, Visual Studio, SQL*Plus,
SQL Developer, TOAD, SQL Navigator, Query
Analyzer, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL
Assistance, Eclipse, Postman

- Versioning tools: SVN, Git, GitHub

© AWS DATA ENGINEER 01/2022 to 02/2022

Deloitte | Rosslyn, CA

e Designed and setup Enterprise Data Lake to provide support for various uses cases including
Analytics, processing, storing and Reporting of voluminous, rapidly changing data

e Responsible for maintaining quality reference data in source by performing operations such as
cleaning, transformation and ensuring Integrity in a relational environment by working closely with the
stakeholders & solution architect.

e Designed and developed Security Framework to provide fine grained access to objects in AWS S3
using AWS Lambda.

e Performed end-to-end Architecture & implementation assessment of various AWS services like Amazon
EMR, Redshift, S3

e Used AWS EMR to transform and move large amounts of data into and out of other AWS data stores
and databases, such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and Amazon RDS.

e Used Spark SQL for Scala, Python interface that automatically converts RDD case classes to schema
RDD

e Import the data from different sources like S3 & HDFS into Spark RDD and perform computations using
spark-scala/spark-sql to generate the output response

e Creating an automated alert notifications to identify and notify the idle EMR and EC2 clusters in our
application regions to reduce the cost for EC2 and EMR resources

e Developed reusable framework to be leveraged for future migrations that automates ETL from RDBMS
systems to the Data Lake utilizing Spark Data Sources and Hive data objects

e Developed Grafana Dashboards based on the Log stash data and Integrated different source and
target systems into Elasticsearch for near real time log analysis of monitoring End to End transactions

e Environment: AWS EMR, S3, RDS, Redshift, Lambda, Apache Spark, HIVE, SQOOP. Map Reduce,
Python.

e Assessed organization technology infrastructure and managed cloud migration process.

e Implemented cloud policies, managed technology requests and maintained service availability.

DéCA ENGINEER 01/2016 to 11/2019
Splunk | Memphis, TN

e Worked on Azure Data Factory to integrate data of both on-prem (MY SQL, Cassandra) and cloud
(Blob storage, Azure SQL DB) and applied transformations to load back to Azure Synapse

« Managed, Configured and scheduled resources across the cluster using Azure Kubernetes Service

e« Monitored Spark cluster using Log Analytics and Ambari Web UI

«  Transitioned log storage from Cassandra to Azure SQL Datawarehouse and improved the query
performance

e Involved in developing data ingestion pipelines on Azure HDinsight Spark cluster using Azure Data
Factory and Spark SQL

e Also Worked with Cosmos DB (SQL API and Mongo API)

e Develop dashboards and visualizations to help business users analyze data as well as providing data
insight to upper management with a focus on Microsoft products like SQL Server Reporting Services
(SSRS) and Power Bl

e Performed the migration of large data sets to Databricks (Spark), create and administer cluster, load
data, configure data pipelines, loading data from ADLS Gen2 to Databricks using ADF pipelines

« Created various pipelines to load the data from Azure data lake into Staging SQLDB and followed by to
Azure SQL DB

e Created Databrick notebooks to streamline and curate the data for various business use cases and
also mounted blob storage on Databrick

e Utilized Azure Logic Apps to build workflows to schedule and automate batch jobs by integrating apps.
ADF pipelines, and other services like HTTP requests, email triggers etc

e Worked extensively on Azure data factory including data transformations, Integration Runtimes, Azure
Key Vaults, Triggers and migrating data factory pipelines to higher environments using ARM Templates

e Ingested data in mini-batches and performs RDD transformations on those mini-batches of data by
using Spark Streaming to perform streaming analytics in Data bricks

e Environment: Azure SQL DW, Databrick, Azure Synapse, Cosmos DB, ADF, SSRS, Power BI, Azure
Data lake, ARM, Azure HDinsight, Blob storage, Apache Spark.

e Adept in troubleshooting and identifying current issues and providing effective solutions.

e Managed performance monitoring and tuning while identifying and repairing issues within database
realm.

e ldentified key use cases and associated reference architectures for market segments and industry
verticals.

« Designed surveys, opinion polls, and assessment tools to collect data.

e Tested, validated and reformulated models to foster accurate prediction of outcomes.

e Created graphs and charts detailing data analysis results.

« Recommended data analysis tools to address business issues.

e Developed new functions and applications to conduct analyses.

e Cleaned and manipulated raw data.

e Collaborated with solution architects to define database and analytics engagement strategies for
operational territories and key accounts.

BIO DATA ENGINEER / HADOOP DEVELOPER 10/2013 to 12/2015
General Dynamics | Bossier City, MA

AnsibleDenodoDenodoCloudWatchAvroPySparkPySparkPySparkMLlibDataframeNiFiNiFi

e Interacted with business partners, Business Analysts and product owner to understand requirements
and build scalable distributed data solutions using Hadoop ecosystem

e Developed Spark Streaming programs to process near real time data from Kafka, and process data with
both stateless and state full transformations

e Worked with HIVE data warehouse infrastructure-creating tables, data distribution by implementing
partitioning and bucketing, writing and optimizing the HQL queries

e Built and implemented automated procedures fo split large files into smaller batches of data to facilitate
FTP transfer which reduced 60% of execution time

e Worked on developing ETL processes (Data Stage Open Studio) to load data from multiple data
sources to HDFS using FLUME and SQOOP. and performed structural modifications using Map Reduce,
HIVE

« Developing Spark scripts, UDFS using both Spark DSL and Spark SQL query for data aggregation,
querying, and writing data back into RDBMS through Sqoop

« Written multiple MapReduce Jobs using Java API, Pig and Hive for data extraction, transformation and
aggregationAvrom multiple file formats including Parquet, Avro, XML, JSON, CSV, ORCFILE and other
compressed file formats Codecs like gZip, Snappy, Lzo

e Strong understanding of Partitioning, bucketing concepts in Hive and designed both Managed and
External tables in Hive to optimize performance

e Developed PIG UDFs for manipulating the data according to Business Requirements and also worked
on developing custom PIG Loaders

« Developing ETL pipelines in and out of data warehouse using combination of Python and Snowflakes
SnowSQ_ Writing SQL queries against Snowflake

e Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of
reports like drill down, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart and Sub Reports

e Used DataStax Spark connector which is used to store the data into Cassandra database or get the
data from Cassandra database

e« Wrote oozie scripts and setting up workflow using Apache Oozie workflow engine for managing and
scheduling Hadoop jobs

e Worked on implementation of a log producer in Scala that watches for application logs, transform
incremental log and sends them to a Kafka and Zookeeper based log collection platform

e« Used Hive to analyze data ingested into HBase by using Hive-HBase integration and compute various
metrics for reporting on the dashboard

¢ Transformed tPySpark using AWS Glue dynamic frames with PySpark; cataloged the transformed the
data using Crawlers and scheduled the job and crawler using workflow feature

e Worked on installing cluster, commissioning & decommissioning of data node, name node recovery,
capacity planning, and slots configuration

« Developed data pipeline programs with Spark Scala APIs, data aggregations with Hive, and formatting
data (JSON) for visualization, and generatiPySpark

e Environment: AWS, Cassandra, PySpark, Apache Spark, HBase, Apache Kafka, HIVE, SQOOP, FLUME,
Apache oozie, Zookeeper, ETL, UDF, Map Reduce, Snowflake, Apache Pig. Python, Java, SSRS

e Onfidential

e Developed and implemented Hadoop code while observing coding standards.

e Optimized and tuned Hadoop environments and modified hardware to meet prescribed performance
thresholds.

e Developed new functions and applications to conduct analyses.

« Created graphs and charts detailing data analysis results.

e Tested, validated and reformulated models to foster accurate prediction of outcomes.

PYOHON DEVELOPER 09/2012 to 10/2013
Fiserv | City, STATE
e AWS, S3, EC2, LAMBDA, EBS, IAM, Datadog, CloudTrail, CLI, Ansible, MySQL, Python, Git, Jenkins,
DynamoDB, Cloud Watch. Docker, Kubernetes
e Leveraged open communication, collective decision-making and thorough reviews to create performant
and scalable systems.
e Worked with server-side and front-end technologies and leveraged common design patterns to code
dynamic and user-friendly systems.
« Implemented new API routes, architected new ORM structures and refactored code to boost application
performance.
« Harnessed version control tools to coordinate project development and individual code submissions.
« Introduced cloud-based technologies into Python development to expand on-premise deployment
options.
« Wrote clear and clean code for use in projects.
« Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.

Post Graduate | Data Engineering 02/2022
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN

Poot Graduate | Data Science And Business Analytics 09/2021
University of Texas At Austin, Austin, TX

Bezohelor of Arts | Business Administration And Management 12/2009
Califonia State University , Fullerton, CA