Jr.

Python Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Experienced Python backend developer committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and
up-to-date industry knowledge. Has more than three years designing innovative applications and
achieving high client satisfaction,

Skills

Work Experience

dr.

Python Developer

Dell Computers - May 2015 - Present

Managed, developed and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and adnunistrators
using DJANGO, Oracle DB, PosigreSQL and VMWARE API calls.

Installation, configuration, integration, tuning, backup, crash recovery, upgrades, patching,
monitoring system performance, system and network security and troubleshooting of
ILnux/ Unix servers.

Qucried MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MYSQL Connector and MYSQL
DB package to retrieve information,

Developed wrapper in Python for insiantiating multl-threaded application.

Implemented a login module for user, registration af the products, placing the order and
tracking the order.

Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options.

Designed email marketing campaigns and created interactive forms that saved dala into
database using DJANGO framework.

Python Developer

ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2015

Wrote python scripts to parse xml documents and load the dais in the database.

Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for cast timestamp data
manipulation and retrieval,

Was involved in the environment, code installation as well as the syn implementation.
Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data into mancuverable deliverables within
specific formats with excel macros and python libraries.

Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the data.

Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback into meaningful and improved
solutions.

This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript manipulations, bootstrap for
the front-end html layout.

Education

Bachelors in Computer Science - 2009{West Bengal University Of Technology }

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines