JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Complex problem-solver with analytical and driven mindset. Dedicated to achieving demanding development objectives according to tight
schedules while producing impeccable code. Accomplished engineer proffering extensive cloud monitoring, deployment and troubleshooting
skills. Defined, built and maintained infrastructure using vendor-neutral and platform-specific tools. Organized and focused person with
extraordinary leadership acumen.

SKILLS
e Python, C, C++ e Version Control
e Pycharm, IBM Watson Studio, Excel, Jupyter Notebook, Visual e Requirements Gathering and Analysis
studio e Efficient Data Management
e MacOS, Unix, Linux e Unstructured Data
« Waterfall, Agile e Test Automation
¢ Software Quality Assurance e Bug Fixes
¢ Software Customizations e Performance Analytics
* Database Management Software e Data validation
¢ Design Patterns and Principles e Data formatting
¢ Software System Maintenance e Data analysis
¢ Multithreaded Software Applications e Data Science

« Debugging and Troubleshooting
EXPERIENCE

01/2019 to Current Python Developer
Infosys Ltd — Newjersey, NJ
e Enhanced business drivers with enterprise-scale applications, enabling visualization, consumption and
monetization of both structured and unstructured data.
© Utilized advanced querying, visualization and analytics tools to analyze and process complex data sets.
¢ Worked with stakeholders to develop quarterly roadmaps based on impact, effort and test coordinations.
© Created and implemented new forecasting models to increase company productivity.
e Assessed accuracy and effectiveness of new and existing data sources and data analysis techniques.
e Set up SQL database on cloud servers to store client data for query analysis.
© Developed intricate algorithms based on deep-dive statistical analysis and predictive data modeling.
« Discovered stories told by data to present information to scientists and business managers.
e Extracted and assessed data from databases to drive improvement of product development and business strategies
and processes.
e Applied statistical and algebraic techniques to interpret key points from gathered data.
e Implemented randomized sampling techniques for optimized surveys.
e Improved data collection methods by designing surveys, polls and other instruments.
¢ Developed polished visualizations to share results of data analyses.
e Analyzed large datasets to identify trends and patterns in customer behaviors.
e Devised and deployed predictive models using machine learning algorithms to drive business decisions.
¢ Compiled, cleaned and manipulated data for proper handling.
© Modeled predictions with feature selection algorithms.
e Ran statistical analyses within software to process large datasets.
e Leveraged mathematical techniques to develop engineering and scientific solutions.
e Applied loss functions and variance explanation techniques to compare performance metrics.
¢ Learned and adapted quickly to new technology and software applications.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

01/2018 to 07/2018 Data Engineer
Honeywell — Grand Rapids, MI

¢ Collaborated on ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) tasks, maintaining data integrity and verifying pipeline stability.

e Analyzed complex data and identified anomalies, trends, and risks to provide useful insights to improve internal
controls.

e Designed and implemented effective database solutions and models to store and retrieve data.

¢ Contributed to internal activities for overall process improvements, efficiencies and innovation.

e Designed advanced analytics ranging from descriptive to predictive models to machine learning techniques.

e Explained data results and discussed how best to use data to support project objectives.

¢ Developed, implemented and maintained data analytics protocols, standards, and documentation.

e Designed and developed analytical data structures.

e Prepared documentation and analytic reports, delivering summarized results, analysis and conclusions to
stakeholders.

e Reviewed project requests describing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish
projects.

03/2012 to 11/2014 Python AWS Developer
Cgi Group Inc. — Atlanta, GA

¢ Worked with cloud architect to generate assessments and develop and implement actionable recommendations
based on results and reviews.

e Used metrics to monitor application and infrastructure performance.

e Identified, analyzed and resolved infrastructure vulnerabilities and application deployment issues.

¢ Worked with teams of talented software engineers to define, build and maintain cloud infrastructure.

© Utilized code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques to design, plan and integrate cloud computing and
virtualization systems.

© Optimized web applications for speed, scalability and security.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

e Relevant Coursework-Certified IBM Data Science Professional Certificate

05/2011 Bachelors: Computer Science And Information Technology
G.PullaReddy Engineering College - Kurnool