JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
e SKILLS e Standards
e Software Documentation e JS Frameworks: React, Angular,
e Control e Vue
e APT Design and Integration © Object-Oriented Programming
¢ RDMS Development- SQL * (OOP)
e Server, MySQL e Databases: Oracle. MongoDB
e Data Storage and Retrieval e Mule ESB
© Web Services e Jira
e Java © Git/GitLab/GitHub
e SOAP © Deployment
e XML e JIMS
e Maven e Any point
e Jenkins ¢ Boomi
e REST ¢ CloudHub
e Munit e HTTP
« CV/CD ¢ DevOps
° Apache poi * JDBC
* Salesforce © Tools:
¢ Software Development e MS SQL Server 2005/2008, MS-Excel, DTS, Visual Studio 2008,
SQL profiler
EXPERIENCE

MuleSoft Developer, 03/2021 - Current
Wipro Ltd. — Boston, MA

e Create MULE ESB artifact and configured the MULE configuration files and deployed

e Automate build and deployment package tool using Maven and build the code in Jenkins

e Create RAML based REST web services API's using Mule ESB

e Add the nexus repository details in pom-xml to import the all dependencies when Jenkins build the application and deploy the application
in to cloud hub

e Write MUnit test cases to validate the Mule flows

e Create the integration workflows using MuleSoft ESB

e Worked with integrations using connectors such as Sale force,

e Database. JMS, Active MQ. HTTP, FTP. SFTP and File Connectors

e Participate in creating HTTP inbound & outbound flows and orchestration using XPath using MULE ESB

¢ Used Cloud Hub console to monitor the request and response payload

¢ Create cluster environment using Mule ESB with Mule Any Point Studio and Creating Active MQ with different topologies in Enterprise

e Integration

¢ Configure the Mule process for fetching the data from topic and makes web service calls to the middle tier Mule ESB for processing and
put the data on the Cloud hub

¢ Implement data transformation using XPATH, XSLT, Data Weave,

« Custom java classes

¢ Used Bitbucket and GIT repository to run the Jenkins job for Continues

* Integration

e Create and consume SOAP and REST services using CXF and used

e Anypoint Studio to route various validating the Fine-grained security based on the API consumer for generating token for invoking
services

¢ Used with transformers, exception handling, testing & Security of Mule

e ESB endpoint through OAuth

* Use Mule ESB connectors- SFDC, Message Transformer, Choice

e Exception Strategies, Batch processing etc

e In designing the application as a middleware between the third-party system and the customer side system

¢ Follow agile methodology and Scrum and was involved in application design and participated in technical meetings, Effort estimations,
backlog grooming etc

¢ Design, develop, test, maintain and implement application integration system enhancements working with in established processes

e Environment: MuleSoft ESB 3.9/ 4.1, JAVA, ActiveMQ, RAML, Nexus, Apache-

e Maven, Cloud Hub, Nexus 2.11.4 (Nexus Maven Repository), Bit Bucket, XML,

e« XSLT, LDAP, MS SQL, Log4J, Git, Web Services, Jenkins, Anypoint Studio 6.5/7.5.

API Developer, 09/2018 - 02/2021
Leidos Holdings Inc. — North Chicago, IL
e Architected Integrations using Mule ESB environments for both on premise and CloudHub environments
e Used MMC (mule management console to monitor the request and response payload)
e Have written MUnit test cases to validate Mule flows
e Used ANT scripts to build the application and deployed on Oracle
¢ WebLogic Server and implemented WebLogic cluster and Node manager
¢ Implement the application using spring modules includes IOC, AOP.
e Batch and MVC
* Actively involved in designing and implementing Business Delegate,
e Data Access Object, and Session Facade and Data Transfer Object design patterns
¢ Design and develop Message driven architectures that consumed the
e JMS messages from the Java message queue and process the database updating and conversion
e Design and implement the application in Agile — methodologies
* Develop middle tier business logic using Spring based transaction managers
e Used Log4Jto capture the log that includes runtime exceptions, monitored error logs and fixed the problems
e Used SVN the version control tool for code commits and update
¢ Used Auto wired POJO and DAO classes with Spring Controllers and services
e Used Mule Flows with Data Mapper to customize KML to CSV mapping conversion
e Developing and securing CXF web services in Mule ESB
e Used Angular JS as development framework to build Single Page
e Application (SPA)
e Handled the back-end operations using SQL, PL/SQL, Stored procedures, triggers and developed the persistence structure using
e ORM based Hibernate
e Used Mule ESB for routing, filtering and aggregate message between application based on content and rules
* Setting up Mule ESB for the development environment
* Create MULE ESB artifact and configured the MULE configurations files and deployed
¢ Implemented Web Services using SOAP protocol, UDDI, WSDL and
e Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) Concept
¢ Design and development of user Interfaces using JSP, HTML, CSS,
* JavaScript and AJAX
¢ Developed SQL Queries using Toad for Oracle
¢ Develop Mule ESB projects for the services with synchronous and asynchronous Mule flows
e Environment: Mule ESB 3.0.x/ 3.8.x, Anypoint Studio 5.0, Cloud hub, Putty,
e Apache-Maven, FileZilla, Nexus, RAML, MUnit, API, AJAX, XML, JAXP. JAXB.
e JSP. HTML, CSS, SQL, JUnit, PL/SQL, JavaScript, Web logic, Oracle, MDB, SOAP
e UI, SVN, Windows XP & Linux, Java 1.6, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services.

Python Developer, 05/2016 - 08/2018
General Dynamics — Towson, MD
e Design and developed Use-Cases, Classes and Object Diagrams using
« UML Rational Rose for Object Oriented Design techniques
e Participate in develop the REST Web services to expose the business methods to external services in the project
¢ Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing and deployment
¢ Develop user interface using CSS, PHP, HTML, JavaScript and JQuery
e Write Python modules to extract/load asset data from the MySQL source database
¢ Work on front end frame works like CSS, Bootstrap for development of
© Web application
* Create a Git repository and added the project to GitHub
e Design and implemented a dedicated MySQL database server to drive the web apps and report on daily progress
* Create views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface
¢ Used Punit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications
* Collaborate with internal teams and external teams to solve the issues and giving feedbacks
¢ Document the problems and progress of project most accurately
* Collaborate with team during testing of data warehouses
e Environment: Python, MySQL, REST Web Services, JavaScript, Eclipse, Linux,
¢ Shell Scripting, JQuery, GitHub, JIRA, GIT, Django, HTML5/CSS.

SQL Developer, 02/2015 - 04/2016
Louisiana State University — Baton Rouge, LA
e Responsible for all the servers which are running on a SQL platform (SQL
e Server 2005/ 2008)
e Setup multiple Nodes (Active/ Passive) in SQL Servers to add the clustering feature
e Managed SQL Server databases and Configure failover cluster
e Plan and modify SQL Server Permissions in quarterly basis
* Create databases and schedule backups (Transaction log backup,
e Differential backup and Full backup) with Recovery sessions (Simple or
e Full)
e Setup and maintain Replication for Production servers to provide high availability and monitor using Replication Monitor
e Setup Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job steps with automated Response solution schedules
e Frequently Monitor Connections. Locks and Database Performance
¢ Reviewed and optimized SQL queries, CDC, stored procedures, functions, Indexes, views and triggers
e Created an intemal secured website linking to the database that includes updated information about all Target SQL Servers information.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
AAU

Certification-MuleSoft Certified Developer V4 -Active

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e 7+ years of experience in designing. developing and testing middleware applications using WebSphere Message Broker, WebSphere MQ.
DataPower and MuleSoft ESB. 4+ years of experience in application integration using Mule ESB, CloudHub, Anypoint Studio, Anypoint
Platform. Huge experience in using Mule Soft Studio that integrates APIs, databases and SaaS applications and deployed Mule Soft
applications to Cloud Hub and on-premise servers. Utilize MuleSoft features like Data Weave, API designer and various connectors to
ensure robust and loosely coupled integration layer every time. Good experience in XML technologies like XSD, XSLT, XQuery, and
Xpath for data transformations in MuleSoft. Good experience in securing middleware infrastructure (SAML, OAUTH, and LDAP). Good
experience in using ActiveMQ, AWS suite for Asynchronous message queuing for guaranteed dJessicavery pattern. Develop message
flows and implement data transformation using XSLT, ESQL and Java. Create XSD and WSDLS for implementing web services in
Message broker. Proficient in automated deployment using Jenkin, GIT/SVN/CVS, Artifactory. Experience in RESTFUL client to interact
with the services by the RESTFUL URL mapping. Proficient both in Agile and Water fall software development methodologies. Proficient
in creating reusable shell scripts, Python and Ruby scripts. In-depth understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms. Responsible for all
aspects of development including Performance Tuning, Fault Tolerance, Upgrades and Deployment of Middleware infrastructure. Excellent
understanding of full Software Development Life Cycle. Good experience in monitoring application and troubleshooting production issues.
Excellent communication skills and motivated organized team player with high aptitude for learning and implementing.