JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Mid-level Software and Application Developer passionate about creating cutting-edge products for companies. Strong work ethic and dedicated
to quality assurance. Adept at working with teams or independently in fast-paced settings.

SKILLS

e TECHNICAL SKILLS e Data Structures and Algorithms

e Java, Spring boot, Azure. Microservices, Struts 1.3, JSP, HTML, e JS Frameworks: React, Angular, Vue
CSS, Servlets, SOAP, oracle, Linux, AGILE, Eclipse, MongoDB, ¢ Software Components and Libraries
MySQL, SQL, Python, XGBoost, Decision tree & Random Forest, © Object-Oriented Programming
KNN, SVM, Naive Bayes, SGD, AdaBoost, LDA, QDA, Neural e Databases: Oracle. MongoDB
Network, LightGBM, GBC, React JS, ISX, virtual DOM, GitHub, « RDMS Development and SQL

Microsoft Power BI, Excel e Programming Languages: Java, C#, Net, Python
¢ Technical Instruction ¢ Data Storage and Retrieval
¢ Troubleshooting and Diagnosing e Source and Version Control: Git, Github
¢ Microsoft Certification * Software Testing and Validation
¢ Organizational Skills e CRM Software
¢ Interpersonal Skills © Software Deployment
e Documentation Development e Usability and Accessibility
e Technical Troubleshooting e Data Warehousing and Analytics
e Customer Service Support e Debugging and Troubleshooting
e MySQL e Requirements Gathering and Analysis
e UNIX Shell Scripting ¢ Multithreaded Software Applications
¢ Linux+ Certification e SOAP and RESTful Web Services
e Database Management ¢ Design Patterns and Principles
e LAN and WAN Assessment ¢ Scripting Languages: PHP, Python, Javascript

e Hardware and Software Configuration
e APT Design and Development

* Code and Quality Standards

e Continuous Integration Systems

e Agile/Scrum Methodology

EXPERIENCE

Technical Support Specialist, 05/2022 - Current
Concordia University, Nebraska — Seward, NE
¢ Documented and updated case notes for each customer and work order. Assessed issues to determine appropriate troubleshooting methods
for remediation.
e Maintained compliance with established and updated policies and procedures with minimal supervision.
e Present detailed reports to leadership and stakeholders, including recommendations to seize opportunities for technological improvement
e Ensure that all IT systems and processes are arranged best to support overall organizational objectives
e Head implementation teams during upgrade and technology migration projects, liaising with affected departments to ensure usability and
functionality
¢ Established patterns to reoccurring issues and provided input to development teams
¢ Work with other technical support specialists to find solutions to more complex issues. Disassembled computer systems to troubleshoot and
resolve hardware issues.
¢ Created and implemented new troubleshooting processes, improving efficiency and customer satisfaction while reducing costs.
© Delivered local and remote Tier 1 IT support for hardware and software to company personnel.
e Stayed abreast of latest software developments to enhance job knowledge. Collaborated with technical staff to establish goals and
objectives for system improvements and upgrades.

Software Python Developer, 01/2023 - 03/2023
Two95 International Inc. — Bethesda, MD
¢ Developed company-wide technical strategy plans for Python-based assets, overseeing development, coding, debugging and [Task].
e Introduced cloud-based technologies into Python development to expand on-premise deployment options.
© Worked with server-side and front-end technologies and leveraged common design patterns to code dynamic and user-friendly systems.
¢ Mentored entry-level Python development personnel, providing both internal and external positions with technical guidance and education.
* Streamlined support requirements by designing automated platforms and tools with self-service, self-healing code.
e Harnessed version control tools to coordinate project development and individual code submissions.
e Leveraged open communication, collective decision-making and thorough reviews to create performant and scalable systems.
¢ Worked closely with systems analysts, engineers and programmers to understand limitations, develop capabilities and resolve software
problems.
« Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-quality testing and final
implementation.
¢ Developed software for embedded systems, coding solutions for both new installations and in-situ hardware.
e Applied security measures into systems development, supporting final products’ resistance to intrusion and exploitation.

Full Stack Developer, 01/2021 - 12/2022
Ibm Corporation — Des Moines, LA
e Programmed applications and tools using object-oriented languages with goals of code abstraction, stability and reuse.
e Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-quality testing and final
implementation.
* Coordinated testing and validation procedures through software development lifecycle.
e Designed, developed and implemented firmware to support embedded system product concepts.
e Conferred with project managers and other stakeholders to fully understand software design specifications and plan optimal development
approaches.
¢ Combined root-level authentication and authorization technologies with ongoing system design to harden finished solutions.
* Developed software for embedded systems, coding solutions for both new installations and in-situ hardware.
¢ Devised automation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.
* Integrated object-oriented design and development techniques into projects to support usability goals.
e Assessed code during testing stage to determine potential glitches and bugs.
¢ Recommended strategies to maximize performance and lifespan of equipment involved in software installations.

Data Analyst, 07/2016 - 06/2019
JNEX Software Solutions — City, STATE
e Generated reports and obtained data to develop analytics on key performance and operational metrics.
e Worked with internal teams to understand business needs and changing strategies.
e Assisted with efforts to track, evaluate and report on impact of programs using multiple data sources.
e Interacted with non-technical stakeholders to deliver analyses and answer questions on deliverables.
e Assisted integration of internal and external data tools and products, maintaining stability and performance across systems.
e Synthesized business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action.
e Partnered with data scientists to support ongoing research and analytics initiatives.
e Maintained library of model documents, templates or other reusable knowledge assets.
e Identified and analyzed industry or geographic trends with business strategy implications.
© Created or reviewed technical design documentation to drive accuracy of reporting solutions.
¢ Collected business intelligence data from industry reports, public information or purchased sources.
¢ Identified or monitored current and potential customers using business intelligence tools.
e Managed diverse projects for data capture, storage and forecast analysis.
® Created and designed business intelligence databases, spreadsheets or outputs.
* Maintained or updated business intelligence tools, databases or dashboards.
¢ Provided technical support for existing reports, dashboards or other tools.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master of Applied Computer Science: 04/2022

St. Francis Xavier University - Antigonish, Nova Scotia

Bachelor of Computer Science: 05/2015
LK Gujral Technical University - Punjab

CERTIFICATIONS

e [Area of certification], [Company Name] - [Year]