JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e About 8.5 years of IT experience in Analysis, Architecture, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of various Client / Server,
10S (iPhone/iPad) and Web Applications.

¢ Mobile Development experience of over 8 years in iPhone/1Pad development in native Objective C starting with SDK version 2.0 to 10S
SDK 10.

¢ Involved in the whole process from idea to deployment using agile methodology. Specialized in enterprise applications.

¢ Strict practitioner of Cocoa coding conventions and style.

e Excellent knowledge in core concepts like Object Oriented Programming (OOP). Memory Management (Memory profiling and
performance tuning), Persistent Data and Data Structures, Dependency Injection, MVC pattern and MV VM pattern.

¢ Proficiency in Objective-C, Java. Knowledge of Swift.

e Experience in working with third party libraries and frameworks such as ReactiveCocoa, AFNetworking, Mantle, Crashlytics, CorePlot,
CocoaHTTPServer(for creating mock server in Objective C) etc. and integrating them with CocoaPods.

* Good knowledge of GCD, Blocks, Operation Queue. Knowledge of MapKit, ARCGIS ESRI maps, CoreLocation, Chat UI framework
JSQMessage. CoreGraphics, CoreData Created multiple reusable components such as Circular Menu, TreeView, Graph Plotter,
DynamicRequestQueue etc.. as part the projects worked on.

* Worked using Agile, Waterfall and Test Driven Development methodologies. Experience in working with repositories in GIT, SVN and
VSS.

e Experience in writing Unit Testing cases using XCTest.

« Knowledge of App distribution and provisioning on Apple developer portal. Enterprise app distribution and deployment (OTA).

e Able to communicate effectively with different teams.

¢ Broad experience in leading a team (onsite/offshore model) and in coordinating closely with QA and business analysts.

¢ Worked at Apple in a contractual position

e Actively participated in Stack Overflow - a world wide technical forum for developers and achieved 10K+ score in 3 months

SKILLS

Objective C, Swift, Java/I2EE, Xcode IDE, RAD, SQL DB2, GIT, MapKit, ARCGIS ESRI maps, CoreLocation, Chat UI framework
VSS, SVN, QA reporting tool such as JIRA, Bugzilla, Radar (Apple) JSQMessage. CoreGraphics, CoreData, ReactiveCocoa

Work History

2015 to Current Senior iOS Developer
Gannett Co. Inc. — US

03/2012 to 2015 Technology Lead - iOS Consultant
Gannett Co. Inc.

03/2008 to 03/2012 Technology Analyst/Senior Software Engineer
Gannett Co. Inc. — Redding, India

07/2015 to Current Senior iOS Developer
Gannett Co. Inc. — Rockaway, NIJ
e An advanced mobile surveillance application for law enforcement officers and intelligence agents that provides
real-time location, tracking data and case information in a user-friendly interface.
e Worked on designing MVVM architecture for application.
¢ Created mock rest Server in Objective C.

2015 to 07/2015 Senior iOS Developer
Gannett Co. Inc. — Scottsdale, AZ
e An easy to use enterprise mobile application for personnel safety and resourcefulness of law enforcement officers,
emergency management personnel and first responders.
¢ Worked with Reactive Cocoa and integrated with Cocoa Pods.

03/2012 to 2015 iOS Consultant
Gannett Co. Inc. — Tempe, AZ
e An application performance-monitoring dashboard for analyzing trends and for identifying any issues in Apple
applications.
e It displays the data using graphical representation.
e Alerting feature was also built to alert the users.
e This is an enterprise mobile application for apple employees.
© Developed GraphPlotter to plot different types of graphs using CALayer and Core Animation.

10/2011 to 03/2012 Senior iOS Developer
Clover — King Of Prussia, PA
e An enterprise mobile application, which helps in performing Audit/Surveys on various Apple reseller stores.
e Developed dynamic queuing mechanism for uploading data in background and for storing in Core Data for offline
working of the app.

04/2011 to 11/2011 Senior iOS Developer
India
e A digital consumer platform, which provides a comprehensive way to engage consumer across the entire marketing
lifecycle.
e iEngage is ported to 1Phone application for enhancing the user experience.
e This is an enterprise mobile application for Infosys that can be easily customized based on the customer needs.
© Developed the architecture for the product.

04/2010 to 03/2011 Senior iOS Developer
Us Bank — City, STATE
e iPhone/iPad apps for Sears and Kmart stores, which provides a unique and convenient online shopping experience.
¢ Users get access to a wide variety of popular products and categories including well-known popular brand
products.
e Created architecture and critical components of the app.
e Sears Link

2009 to 04/2010 iOS Developer
Sears/Kmart - Sears Holding Corp — City, STATE
e An iPhone app for MyGofer store, which provides a unique, convenient and fun online shopping experience.
e Created architecture and critical components of the app.

03/2008 to 2009 Software Engineer
MyGofer - Sears Holding Corp — City, STATE

e Partner Self Service(PSS) system is used to create and submit invoices by the vendors.

e Maintenance Invoice System was a major enhancement to the existing invoice system that helped the maintenance
vendors create and submit invoices through online system.

e Web security remediation was also implemented on the system.

e This web application was developed using Java/J2EE.

e ACHIEVEMENTS Polaris Wireless memento for best performance in 2015.

e Infosys MFG R&R award for most spirited team in 2011.

e Appreciations from Apple Manager for zero defect releases and expertize in 10S technology in 2013.

e Appreciations from Infosys and Sears Managers for zero defect releases and for handling offshore delivery
effectively in 2011.

e Achieved 10K+ score in 3 months by answering 10S technical questions in Stack Overflow.

EpucatIon

2007 Bachelor of Engineering: Mechanical Engineering
University of Kannur - Kannur, Kerala, India

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Polaris Wireless memento for best performance in 2015.

¢ Infosys MFG R&R award for most spirited team in 2011.

e Appreciations from Apple Manager for zero defect releases and expertise in 10S technology in 2013.

e Appreciations from Infosys and Sears Managers for zero defect releases and for handling offshore delivery effectively in 2011.
e Achieved 10K+ score in 3 months by answering 10S technical questions in Stack Overflow.