ROBERT SMITH

Jr. Python Developer
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Experienced in MVW frameworks like Django, Java Script, JQuery Experience in
working with Python ORM Libraries including Django ORM, C++, MySQL, UNIX and
Linux. Well versed with design and development of presentation layer for web
applications using technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

JULY 2016 - PRESENT
JR. PYTHON DEVELOPER - CAPITAL ONE

2014 - 2016
PYTHON

Worked on design and development of Unix shell scripting as a part of the ETL
process to automate the process of loading.

Worked on ETL tasks like pulling, pushing data from and too various servers.
Wrote Python and batch scripts to automate the ETL scripts runs every hour.
Developed ETL scripts in Python to get data from one database table and Insert,
update the resultant data to another database table.

Wrote Python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database.
Used Python and Django to interface with the jquery ul and manage the storage
and deletion of content.

Rewrite existing Python/DJango modules to deliver certain format of data,

DEVELOPER - ABC CORP
Wrote python scripts to parse xml documents and load the data inthe
database.
Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for east
timestamp data manipulation and retrieval.
Was involved in the environment, code installation as well as the syn
Implementation.
Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data into maneuverable
deliverables within specific formats with excel macros and python libraries
Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the data.
Collaborated with intemal teams to convert end User feedback into meaningful
and Improved solutions.
This project also used other technologiés like jquery for javascript
manipulations, bootstrap for the front-end html |ayout.

EDUCATION

Masters Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science - (River University )
Bachelors Degree In Computer Science in Computer Science - (Ylagrutl

© The ree Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikre ume. com. Usage Guidelines