Robert Smith

Jr. Python Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Looking for a suitable position with a company where outstanding
performance is recognized and rewarded and where he can work ona
varlety of high profile web back end projects,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. Python Developer
Goldman Sachs- December 2016 - Present
Re sponsibilities:

= Developed views and templates with django view controller and
template language to create a userfriendly website interface.

« Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the
development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS,
JavaScript and JQuery.

= Created APIS, database model and views utilization python in order to
bulld response web page application,

* Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the
development and maintenance of the website using the HTMLS, CSS3,
JavaScript, JQuery and Angular JS

= Developed views and templates with Python and Djangos view
controller and ternplating language to create a user-friendly website
interface.

= Worked on rest API calls and integration with Ul. Used Angular |S to
develop the component to the application team, Spring MVC to
consume rest APIS and used JavaScript, CSS3 and jQuery to display the
data in front end,

* Developed views and templates in Django to create a user-friendly
website interface.

Python Developer
ABC Corp- 2014-2016
Re sponsibilities:

= Wrote python scripts to parse xr! docurnents and load the data inthe
database,

« Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for
east timestarnp data manipulation and retrieval.

= Was involved inthe environment, code installation as well as the syn
implementation,

« Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data Into
maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with excel macros
and python libraries.

= Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the
data.

= Collaborated with internal tears to convert end user feedback Into
meaningful and improved solutions,

= This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
HTML, JAVASCRIPT,
JQuery, PYTHON, CSS

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Corpany
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)