JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SKILLS
¢ Golang Specialist e Performance and scalability optimization
e JavaScript, C/C++, Python, and Websocket/UNIX socket e API Design Knowledge
Programming ¢ Product Development
« SQL, No-SQL. Kubemetes, OpenStack and AWS proficiency e Technical Analysis

¢ Blockchain and Smart Contract experience
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-qualified Software Developer familiar with a wide range of programming utilities and languages. Knowledgeable of back-end and front-
end development requirements. Handles any part of the process with ease. Collaborative team player with excellent technical abilities offering
3+ years of professional related experience in a cloud environment delivering scalable and maintainable services.

Complex problem-solver with an analytical and driven mindset. Dedicated to achieving demanding development objectives according to tight
schedules while producing impeccable code.

Background in desktop and cloud scale platforms developing user-friendly products and experiences. Skilled in using Golang, Node JS and
Python.

Work History

02/2020 to Current Backend Developer
Grid Dynamics — Wayne, NJ

e Built new ecommerce backend from scratch to service ecommerce needs.

¢ Built Oauth2 based integration service to handle granting partners access to customer platform data securely.

e Assisted in converting monolith app to microservice architecture.

¢ Migrated RESTful HTTP/S APIs to gRPC protocols.

e Assisted in designing CI/CD pipeline for auto-deployments locally. and for both staging and production
environments.

¢ Collaborated with Product, Design and Frontend teams to ensure proposed Backend data structures met loosely
defined requirements and facilitated expected behaviors.

e Refactored large problematic endpoints that compile numerous sources of data to ensure efficient and timely
responses from backend services.

06/2018 to 02/2020 Lead/Senior Full Stack Developer
Jorbi Inc. — City, STATE

¢ Lead development team in delivery of various projects requiring close cooperation among members to share
information and develop solutions to meet broad array of deliverables

e Take initial concepts to develop project plans

e Manage milestones from initial steps through final delivery

e Work on big data projects using Python, Golang and Node JS

e Review code, debug problems and correct issues

e Diagnose and troubleshoot UNIX/ Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase company
efficiency

e¢ Worked with Head of Sales to build/prototype price comparison tool with python/django

© Developed reporting CLI tool with Golang to produce billing/usage reports from Director of Finance's
requirements

¢ Designed/implemented new server standards for core business services

e Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site

¢ Monitored network performance and provided network performance statistical reports for both real-time and
historical measurements

« Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions

e Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements

¢ Streamlined/enhanced corporate accounting/operations system

¢ Provided continued maintenance/development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications

e Established compatibility with third party software products by developing programs for modification and
integration

e Created/followed quality standards and procedures to minimize errors and maximize customer satisfaction

¢ Worked with CEO/CTO to resolve problems, improve operations and provide exceptional customer experience

e Inspected inbound/outbound products for compliance with established industry standards, company policies and
procedures

e Investigated/resolved customer complaints to foster satisfaction

e Determined/recommended methods to address improvement opportunities

¢ Supervised production planning while using appropriate tools and analysis for smooth production output

© Operated with high integrity, built trust, and earned sustained credibility with internal and external clientele

© Developed standard operating procedures and document work-flows for current and future process steps

¢ Boosted network, system and data availability and integrity through preventive maintenance and upgrades.

02/2018 to 09/2018 Contractor - Development
Border Resources L.L.C. — City, STATE
e Worked directly with executive management to develop geographic data system
e Researched and updated all required materials needed for firm and partners
¢ Produced ad hoc reports and documents for senior team members
e Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies
¢ Verified data integrity and accuracy in SQL-family databases
e Designed assignment portal for upper management and contractors to coordinate with in Node JS with pug/html5

10/2017 to 02/2018 Contractor - Cryptocurrency Analyst
Carex Blockchain Platform — City, STATE
© Deployed and maintained blog site on AWS, developed custom CSS styling
e Analyzed market movements related to medical and cryptocurrency industries to determine market interest and
market tolerance
e Designed puzzle game using smart contracts in Solidity to increase traffic and exposure to platform
e Tested and evaluated Wallet and AI chat software to improve performance and usability.

04/2017 to 11/2017 Support Engineer - Contractor
Poloniex — City, STATE
¢ Collaborated with outside departments to implement system-wide improvements
¢ Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency
¢ Performed root cause analysis and general troubleshooting
e Created procedural diagrams. drawings and specifications for support team to utilize
¢ Created on-boarding and general guideline to bring more uniformity and improve support team collaboration

EDUCATION

No Degree: Computer Science And Mathematics
University Of Houston - Downtown - Houston, TX

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Built and shared custom bash scripts to make rig operation easy and user friendly, supported all popular algorithms (at the time) and algo
switching based on profitability if desired with GPU recovery functionality for certain GPU chips.
Extremely passionate about blockchain technologies and suitable real-world applications thereof