Charles K. Sorensen, MTA
Python Developer

3689 Parrish Avenue

Victoria, TX 77901

SWOT

chuledksoreescn © peal com
Wrkedin cominicharlessoresen

Motivated PCPPI ant MT A-cettified Python developer aad peofmsiored scrum meester with 6+ years of experience.
Inclined to bring effectiveness to TechNo’'s from-end development. Driven by pession and innovation, designed and
introduced 4 new and |AC-swand-worthy Feature to the MailSent (ool Highly skilled in Python coding and scripting,
Django framework. and communication.

Experience
Python
Pytie, Victoria, TX
March 201S-present
© = Hisulled peogranmming tasks fee and maintained 7 intemal websites with o high success cate (97%) i prodect
opdate deployment
© Worked on bigh-impart projects, eg, content aggregitee and expense trocker, delivering yobetions with lower
them 208 code chern.

«© Developed a marketing lead MySQ1 daubese, collecting. comsortzing, and filieeing leads from various
Sakebolders, Le. ww. social media channels, of newstetiers.
© Lad sptin plensing moctings and Gvided seks between a LS-penon project wear.
©) Tutored of three high schools every year, wacking young bids how to code in Python
Key achievement: Desgned a new feature Se he company’s ernell marketing took (MaelSere)in 7 Active Daye,
comtriteating to the marketimg department's win in the LAC award competition in the Hest Exail Message Campaign
category.

Data Sclentiot
Pye, Vicsorla, TX
Apeil 201 2-Febeusury 2O1S
* = Atmornted and optamized collecting deta wing SQL. reaching over 0 35% system's response time boost.
© Collebented cross<depertmentally on RPA lo streamline issue reinagement and migrate the cerrent eyvironments
to the cloud. eeducing the investmeme risk by 48%.

211 M.S, in Engineering
Vinteersity of Tessa, Austin, TX

Skil
Python. JaweScript. C555, HTMLS, SOL
ORM fitrarics
Web frameworks: Dyamgo
MVC amd MVT Architectune
Design skills
Problerm-solving shits
‘Communication skills
Dia visualization
Agile frameworks

‘Courses and Certificates
© PCPPI — Cemified Protessional in Python
MTA 98-331 ~ Micron Technical Associnte
¢ PSM Il Assessment Certifionte ~ Professional Scrum Master

© PyCon, every-yrur wtentce since 20138
© DjzngoCon, 2020