JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Over 3+ Years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Management and Implementation of various standalone and client - server
architecture based enterprise application software.

e Extensive knowledge in Python, MySQL, Django.

e Experience with Design, code, debug operations, reporting, data analysis and web applications utilizing Python.

e Worked with MVW frameworks like Django, Angular JS, HTML, CSS and JSON.

e Excellent working Experience in Agile (SCRUM) using Rally and TFS, RUP and Waterfall methodologies with high quality deliverables
delivered on-time.

e Wrote Python modules to extract/load asset data from the MySQL source database.

¢ Utilized PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications.

e Evaluated potential software products based on new and existing system development and migration requirements.

e Performed regression and system-level testing to verify software quality and function before it was released.

e Experience in working with Python ORM Libraries including Django ORM.

¢ Superior Troubleshooting and Technical support abilities with Migrations, Network connectivity and Security and Database applications.

e Assessed costs and risks associated with developing new features and products.

e Skilled in testing tools in JIRA.

e Experienced in working with various Python IDEs using PyCharm, PyStudio, PyScripter, PyDev.

e Able to analyse a requirement and act accordingly by managing the resources efficiently.

SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python 2.5-2.7/3.4-3.6 , SQL. Application servers: Jenkins.
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, Java Script, AngularJS 8.0/9.0/10.0. Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL.
Frameworks: Django. IDE’s/ Development Tools: PyCharm, PyScripter, PyStudio and
Version Control : MVC, GitHub. Sublime Text.
Front End: Angular JS, JSON, Bootstrap, CSS, HTML. Testing Tools: PyTest and JIRA.
Work HIsTory

Jr Python Developer, 08/2020 - Current
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Nashua, NH
¢ Worked on development of internal testing tool framework written in Python.
e Executed scripts in Python for extracting data from HTML file.
¢ Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create user-friendly website
interface.
¢ Used JavaScript and JSON to update portion of webpage.
¢ Worked on Source codes in websites by performing troubleshoot and fixing errors.
¢ Responsible for debugging project monitored on JIRA (Agile).
¢ Used Python and Django to interface and manage storage and deletion of content.
e Build SQL queries for performing various CRUD operations like create, update, read and delete.
¢ Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Framework using Git.
e Worked on front end frame works like CSS Bootstrap for development of Web applications.
* Created database using MySQL, wrote several queries to extract data from database.
* Developed Merge jobs in Python to extract and load data into MySQL database.
¢ Designed front end using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular JS, and JavaScript.
¢ Followed AGILE development methodology to develop application.
Environment:
Python 3.9, Django 3.1.5, HTML5, CSS, XML, MySQL, JavaScript, Angular JS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, GitHub.

Jr Python Developer, 02/2020 - 07/2020
Iconic Infosys — City, STATE
¢ Built database model, Views and API's using Python for interactive web based solutions.
¢ Placed data into JSON files using Python to test Django websites. Used Python scripts to update content in database and manipulate files.
¢ Developed web based application using Django framework with python concepts.
e Generated Python Django forms to maintain records of online users.
e Used Django API's to access database.
¢ Skilled in using Collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects.
* Developed efficient Angular JS for client web based application.
e Designed and developed UI for website with HTML, CSS, Java Script.
¢ Involved in working with Python open stock APT's.
e Responsible for managing large databases using MySQL.
e Wrote and executed various MySQL database queries from Python-MySQL connector and MySQL db package.
e Associated with debugging applications monitored on JIRA using Agile methodology.
Environment:
Python 3.8.4,Django 3.0, HTML, CSS, Angular JS, JSON, JavaScript, GIT Hub, MYSQL, JIRA.

Jr. Python Developer, 02/2019 - 01/2020
Deloitte — City, STATE
¢ Worked on requirement gathering and High-level design.
e Used HTML/CSS, XML and JavaScript for UI development.
¢ Converted Visual Basic Application to Python, MySQL.
¢ Used python scripts to update content in database and manipulate files.
* Modified queries, functions, cursors, triggers and stored procedures for MySQL database to improve performance, while processing data.
¢ Used Collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects.
* Contributed patches back to Django.
¢ Responsible for getting teams up and running with game record features.
¢ Performed research regarding Python Programming and its uses and efficiency.
* Utilized Python in handling of all hits on Django and other applications.
* Followed Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process.
e Extensive code reviewing using GitHub pull requests, improved code quality, and conducted meetings among peer.
¢ Collaborated with Product Management and User Experience experts regarding product definition, schedule, scope and project-related
decisions.
e Managed, collaborated and coordinated work of offshore development team.
Environment:
Python 3.7.6, Django 2.2.17, Visual Basic, Java Script, MySQL, PL/SQL, agile.

Python Developer, 02/2018 - 01/2019
Keansoft — City, STATE
¢ Used Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process.
e Worked with Stakeholders, gathered requirements, developed High level design and Detail design documents.
¢ Developed UI using HTML, JavaScript.
e Re-engineered various modules for implementing changes and creating efficient system.
e Developed rich UI web application using JavaScript.
e Designed and developed components using Python with Django framework. Implemented code in python to retrieve and manipulate data.
e Implemented database access using Django ORM.
e Used MySQL as backend database and MySQL of python as database connector to interact with MySQL server.
e Used Restful APIs to access data from different suppliers.
e Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing of documents, data exchange and business logic implementation between
servers.
e Associated with Restful API's to gather network traffic data from Servers.
e Supported Apache Tomcat web server on Linux Platform.
e Support scripts configuration, testing, execution, deployment and run monitoring and metering.
e Developed and executed User Acceptance Testing portion of test plan.
Environment:
Python 3.7.2, Django 2.2.17, C++, HTML/XHTML, MySQL, Windows.

EDUCATION
Master of Science: Computer Science, 05/2018

Fairleigh Dickinson University - Teaneck, NJ

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 04/2015
Jntuk - Kakinada