Python Developer / QA Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Automation Tester Website; www. qwikresurme.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshulle Road

Alabarna,

Objective
Around 5 years total IT experience as a software engineer and Python Developer and Salesforce

Platform. Extensive experience in Python Django web frarne works in implementing MVC
architecture.

Skills

DJANGO, JAVASCRIPT, MYSQL, PYTHON, CSS

Work Experience

Python Developer / QA Automation Tester
Accela Inc. - March 2014 - Present

.

Involved In requirement gathering, analysis, design, estimation and testing of the assigned
tasks in openstack.

Implernented rally openstack benchmarking tool on the entire cloud environment.

Experience in reviewing python code for running the troubleshooting test cases and bug
Issues.

Configuring and managing openstack cornponents such as Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Glance,
Swift, Heat.

Written Nova, Glance, Neutron, Cinder, Keystone, Hashboard, Swift, Python cllent api to
integrate with existing application.

Create a strategic architectural design of the platform with networking (VLANs, Firewalls, Loac
Balancers), Hypervisors (KYM and VMware), workflow and orchestration (Openstack APIS,
Smart Cloud Orchestrator), Security (Keystone, IDAP), Inventory and monitoring, licensing,
backup/restore,

Understanding Python files in openstack environment and make necessary changes if needed.

Python Developer
ABC Corp - March 2011 - March 2014

Conducted scrum meetings and generated custom dashboards. Knowledge testing tools like
bugzilla and jira.

Experience in using various version control systems like git, cvs, github, heroku and arnazon
ec2.

Having knowledge on aws larnbda, auto scaling, cloud front, rds, route53, aws sms, sqs, ses;
Extensively used python modules such as requests, urllib, urllib 2 for web crawling.
Developed afully autornated continuous integration systern using git, gerrit, jenkins, mysql
and custom tools developed in python and bash,

The vanguard group Is an armnerican registered investment advisor based in minneapolis, mn
with over $5. 1 trilllon in assets under management.

Create on-dernand daily and weekly reports by Invoking scripts with custom arguments and
parameters to provide actionable data ta the test owners.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines