JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

¢ More then 20 years of experience as a Team lead and Web/Application Developer , using c# . vb-net , SQL server.

¢ More then 5 years of experience developing application using Python.

e Experienced with full software development life - cycle, architecting scalable platforms, object oriented programming, database design
and agile methodologies.

« Experience with JSON based REST API.

e Experience in architecting enterprise level application.

e Experience in deploying and developing solution for cloud using Azure.

¢ Successfully designed and delivered secure cloud solutions for CONED.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

e Azure cloud architecture © SQL Server .Tableau .SSIS packages
e Python, C#, vb.Net , Java Script

EXPERIENCE

06/2009 to Current Python/Azure/C#/Vb.net Lead or Architect
Assurant — PR
e Conducted full lifecycle software development in multiple software environments using python , c# , vb.net , Azure
© Coordinated with project managers across multiple initiatives to align development timelines, plan testing and work
with client representatives.
e Built decoupled and service-oriented middleware software and platforms using python,c# and vb.net
e Administered application stacks and executed performance tuning to optimize session performance by eliminating
performance bottlenecks.
e Identified, researched and evaluated innovative machine learning technologies, explaining details to coworkers.
e Participated in meetings, code reviews, demos, design sessions, and project retrospectives.
e Designed and deployed machine learning models into product stack in support of product development.
e Established scalable automated processes to develop, validate and implement machine learning models.
e Facilitated integration of machine learning services into technology infrastructure.
¢ Handled root cause analysis, implementing corrective actions when necessary.
e Mentored new engineering and production team members.
¢ Debugged and troubleshot production tooling and equipment.
e Created additional targeted business solutions in high demand areas for disaster recovery and cloud backup.
© Migrated customers to latest virtual servers to azure cloud and storage technologies to improve performance.
e Assisted with new hardware and software deployments, system upgrades and virtual environment upgrades.
e Increased performance and scalability by sizing solutions to meet system workload requirements.
e Researched and implemented new technology platforms to support development initiatives.

01/2007 to 06/2009 Senior Software Engineer
Leviton — San Jose, CA
¢ Designed front-end application using Asp.net and c#
© Modified existing software systems to enhance performance and add new features.
e Designed user-friendly software interfaces to simplify overall management.
© Documented technical specifications and project testing methods for future reference and other assignments.
e Performed functional, non-functional, regression and performance tests for updated systems.
e Drafted detailed design objectives and developed architectural and system design documents.
e Met with stakeholders, contractor product teams and customers throughout system development lifecycle.

02/2005 to 01/2007 Project Lead
Planned Systems International — Mary Esther, FL
e Spearheaded project meetings with team members to discuss ongoing, planned and recently completed projects.
¢ Maintained close connection with project personnel to quickly identify and resolve problems.
e Kept project teams on-task with proactive control of budgets, schedules and scopes.
e Improved quality, functionality and cost by investigating alternate materials for product development.
© Delivered design recommendations, updates and design results to internal and external clients.
¢ Collaborated with development, QA and IT operations staff to enhance software productivity.
© Modified existing software systems to enhance performance and add new features.
e Designed user-friendly software interfaces to simplify overall management.
¢ Communicated highly technical concepts using easy to understand terminology.

01/2000 to 02/2005 Software Developer
Infrasoft Technologies And Dewsoft Solution — City
¢ Performed functional, non-functional, regression and performance tests for updated systems.
e Logged and implemented development tasks based on system requirements and documented approaches.
e Recommended and executed plans to improve development tools and processes.
¢ Designed websites, portals and large-scale web applications for multiple clients.
e Built layouts according to customer parameters using HTML5 and CSS3.
e Built custom SOAP APIs to suit unique customer needs.
¢ Contributed back-end development experience and collaborated on multiple APIs crucial to functionality.
e Repaired issues causing site crashes, resulting in elevated uptime and increased sales.
e Implemented backup system to protect site from outages, data loss and data corruption.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

B.E in Computer Science: Computer Science And Programming
D.Y.Patil College - Maharashtra

Diploma: Computer Technology
Bhausaheb Vartak - Maharashtra