EDUCATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Master of Science | Computer Information Technology and Electrical Engineering Technology 2017
Purdue University, Indiana, USA

« 3.7 GPA
Ba helor of Science | Electrical Engineering Technology 2014

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University , Kakinada, India
« 3.8 GPA

« Programming Languages - C, Java, Python ¢ Tools and Software - Pycharm, Sublime Text,

« Frameworks - Django, Flask Eclipse.NetBeans JIRA, Microsoft Visual Studio,
« Web Technologies - HTML, CSS, PHP. Jira, HLM, GIT, SVN
WordPress « Databases - Oracle, MySQL, HBase
e Python Libraries - Numpy, Matplotlib, Pandas, « Big Data Ecosystems - HDFS, MapReduce,
Bottle PIG HBase, Zookeeper, Hive, Sqoop, Oozie and
e Algorithms - Linear Regression, Logistic Flume.
Regression, Decision Tree, SVM, Naive Bayes, « Operating Systems - Windows, CentOS,
KNN, K-Means Debian, Ubuntu
PY THON/DJANGO DEVELOPER 2017 to 06/2017

Medical Science | Gaithersburg, MD

e Worked with tables from Oracle/MySQL/ PostgreSQL database with Python.

e Performed cleansing operation on data generated from web logs with automated scripts in Python.
e Used Python to build a General Purpose Test Framework.

e Used Subversion control tool to coordinate team-development.

e Parsed XML documents using Python scripts and load into the database.

e Created Django forms for database models.

¢ Daily PostgreSQL database maintenance.

e Worked on back-end and front-end feature.

GFCADUATE ASSISTANT 07/2016 to 2017
University Of Arkansas | AR

e Worked in developing team of College new Web Portal.

e Integrated data from various back-end services and Oracle/MySQL/ PostgreSQL databases.

e Helped the team in maintaining, expanding, and scaling college website.

e Created website layout/user interfaces by using WordPress.

e Respond to and resolve emergency issues on the back-end and/or front-end in a timely manner.
e Developed databases that support web applications and web sites.

e Contributed to technical design documentation.

HfQOO00P DEVELOPER 04/2016 to 07/2016
Bank Of America Corporation | Riverside, CA

e Moved all crawl data flat files generated from various retailers to HDFS for further processing.

e Written the Apache PIG scripts to process the HDFS data.

e Created Hive tables to store the processed results in a tabular format.

e Developed the sqoop scripts in order to make the interaction between Pig and MySQL Database.

e For the development of Dashboard solution, developed the Controller, Service and Dao layers of Spring
Framework.

e Involved in resolving the JIRAs based on Hadoop.

e Developed the Unix shell scripts for creating the reports from Hive data.

e Completely involved in the requirement analysis phase.

e Performed Unit Testing using jUnit.

PFO/WEB DEVELOPER 05/2014 to 2015
Image Hospitals | City, STATE

* Used PHP / MySQL in WAMP (Windows, Apache, MySQL and PHP) environment for creating dynamic
data driven and interactive web pages.

e Worked with the team of architects and back-end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the
functionality and add new features.

¢ Helped in Designing, coding and modifying website. from layout to function using CSS.

e Documenting and maintaining current software systems.

e Considerably used JavaScript for client side validation.

e Designed, created and updated MYSQL databases.

e Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and data validation on the
client side with in the forms.

$GO/ SSIS DEVELOPER 05/2013 to 05/2014
Bhaskar Reddy Software Labs Pvt. Ltd. | City, STATE

e« Aided the Application Developers in their progress to Development activities to accomplish ideal
proficiency.

e — Involved in Physical/Logical plan of database, creating and dealing with the database and all the
database objects.

« Extensively used Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) using various tools such
as SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and Informatica.

« Created SSIS packages to extract data from OLTP to OLAP systems.

« Tailored the current SSIS packages to meet the new business requirements.

« Applied various transformations like Slowly Changing Dimension (SCD), Script task, Containers, Derived
Column and Fuzzy lookups.

« Created drill-down, drill-through and sub reports using SQL Server Reporting Services 2008R2.

e Generated Views, trigger, cursor, User Defined Functions and worked with Stored Procedures.

*« Became a Savvy by building several Sub-Queries and Joins for complex queries involving multiple
tables.