Charles K. Sorensen, MTA
Python Developer

3689 Parrish Avenue

Viewer, TX T7901

BOM 66

chulodksoreescn © penal com
Srkedin cominicharessoremsen

Motivated PCPPI ant MT A-cettified Python developer avd profession” scrum meester with f+ years of experience.
Inclined to bring effectiveness to TechNo’s front-end development. Driven by pession and innovation, designed and
introduced & new and TAC-swanl-worthy feature to the MailSent (ool Highly skilled in Python coding and scripting,
Django framework. and communication.

Experience

Python Developer
PyMe, Victoria, TX
March 201 S-present
© «Hesulled peogranmming taka foe and maintained 7 itemal websites with « high success cate (97%) i prodect
update deployment
© Worked on bigh-impart projects, eg, content aggmgstee and expense trecker, delivering yoletions with lower
them 208 code chern.
© Developed a marketing lead MySQL dumbass, collecting, cagortzing, and filiceing leads from various
Sakebolders, Le. wwe. social media channels, of newsletters.
© Lad sptin plensing moctings end Gvided sodks between a LS-penvon project wear,
©) Tutored of three high schools every year, wacking young bids how to code in Python
Key achievement: Desgned a new feature fe he company’s ernadl marketing took (MailSere) in 7 Active Daye,
comtriteating to the marketing department's win in the LAC award competition in the Hest Exail Message Campaign
category.

Data Sclentiat
PyMe, Vicsorla, TX
Apeil 201 2-Pebrisery 21S
* = Amownted and optimized collecting deta wing SOL, reaching over a 35% system's response time boost.
© Collsbented cross<depertmentally on RPA lo streamline issue reinagement ad migrate the comment eyironments
Jo the cloud, reducing the investmeme risk by 48%.

211 MLS, in Engineering
Vintrersity of Tessa, Austin, TX

Skil
Python. JaweScript. C555, HTMLS, SOL
ORM fitrarics
Web frameworks: Dimgo
MVC wad MVT Architectune
Design skills
Prblem-solving shill.
‘Communication skills
Diam visualization
Agile frameworks

‘Courses and Certificates
© PCPPI — Cemified Protessional in Python
MTA 98-331 — Micron Technical Associne
© PSM I Assessment Certifionte ~ Professional Scrum Master

. “'PyCen, cvery-yoar utente since 2018
*  DjanpoCon, 2020