ROBERT SMITH
Full Stack Python Developer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SULNIMIAR

Pull stack developer over 3+ years of industial experience in Designing, Develapment, Deployment and
maintenance of web apps based an and Django-Python.Professional Web Apps development experience
using Django and Flask inclusive of expenence in UI! using Javascript, Jquery. Developed Views and
Templates with Django view controller and template language to create an easily accessible website
intertuces,

SKILLS

Python, Java, HTML/HTMLS, CSS/CSS3, XML, DOM, AJAX, JQuery, JSON And CSS Bootstrap.
Pmmeworks Django, Flask

WORK PAPERIENCT

Full Stack Python Developer
Maximus - January 2015 — Present

Designed the front end of the upplication using Python, Java, Html, CSS, Ajax, JSan and JQuery.
Analyzed system mquirements specifications and also in client interaction during requirements
specifications.

Used JavaSenpt and XML to update a portion of a webpage and node. JS for server-side inteniction.
Part of the eum implementing rest APIS in Python using micro-framework like Flask with
SQLALCHEMY in the backend for management of data center resources on which OpenStuck
would be deployed,

Worked on Python OpenStack APIS and eased Nempy for numerical analysis.

Implemented rally OpenStack benchmarking too! on the entire Cloud environment.

Understanding Python files in OpenStack environment and make necessary changes if needed,

Python Developer
ABC Corporation - January 2011 —January 2015

Application was based on Service Oriented Architecture and used Python 2. 7,2. 5, DJango L 5,
JSF2, Spning?2, Ajax, Html, CSS tor the tranterd.

Used python pandas library to create datufrimes.

Wrote python scripts using pandas dataframe to get data from two different dutuhases and applied
joins.

Designed email marketing campaigns ani also created respansive web forms that saved data into a
dutabase usingpythan/ django fmmework.

Developed views and templates with pythan and djangos view controller and templating language to
create user-friendly website interface,

Used ajax and jquery for transmitting json duta objects between frontend and controllers,

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwakreime.com, [sags Guldsfines