JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Talented Software Developer equipped with great coding, debugging and project management abilities. Accomplishes project goals consistently
with elegant, scalable code. Works great with team members under Agile and Scrum frameworks.

SKILLS
* Coding and Debugging e Automated Processes
e Microsoft Windows and Office * Root Cause Identification
e Multitasking and Prioritization e Application Process Improvement
e Tracking and Documentation e Kayako Support Ticketing System
e Customer Service Support * Remote Technical Support
e Issue and Resolution Tracking e Database Management
e Service Schedule Coordination e Hardware and Software Configuration
¢ Resolving Problems and Incidents © Security+ Certification
e Analytical and Methodical e Linux+ Certification
¢ Software Evaluation ¢ UNIX Shell Scripting
e Teamwork and Collaboration e MySQL
* Troubleshooting Network Issues ® Service Desk Team Management
EXPERIENCE

Application Support Engineer, 01/2021 - Current
Cox Enterprises — Fort Myers, FL
* Conducted root cause analysis to identify basis of application problem.
¢ Collaborated with internal teams to resolve customer issues and support customer service goals.
© Delivered technical support to clients by offering solutions based on specific problems and concerns.
* Debugged and repaired application issues.
e Performed troubleshooting and resolution for company-wide technical issues.
* Updated and maintained knowledge base information for documentation and future reference.
e Assisted in development and implementation of quality assurance initiatives.
* Optimized application process flow to improve performance.
¢ Installed modules for databases to meet client specifications.
e Administered on-site support and application engineering for custom products with unique interfaces.
e Suggested changes to support practices to drive improvements.
e Restored applications using programming languages such as pyton and Ruby.
¢ Applied innovative approaches to application design through creative inception and planning.
* Contributed to requirements gathering and design development meetings.
e Increased efficiency through task automation.
e Identified, debugged and fixed system bottlenecks and problems.
* Promoted positive customer support training experience after application completion.

Software Engineer, 11/2019 - 01/2021
Executech — Spokane, WA
« Recommended enhancements and updates to system software based on performance data and user feedback.
e Engaged with user experience designers crafting clean interfaces with simple, intuitive interactions and functions for software package.
e Engineered cross-platform software and exported system performance data.
e Integrated scanning component to work with server system.
* Contributed to sales presentations to translate technical information into easy-to-understand software solutions.
¢ Introduced automation tools to enhance workflow.
* Tackled development tasks based on system requirements and documented approaches.
* Coordinated with project managers to meet development timelines and plan testing.
* Liaised with QA testers to perform testing meeting various parameters.
¢ Developed mitigation strategies and prepared standard operating procedures.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Science: Bussiness Information Technology MANAGEMENT, 04/2021
Western Governors University - Austin, TX
CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Certified Developer
AWS Solutions Architect PROFESSIONAL