WEBSITE, PORTFOLIO,
PROFILES

PROFESSIONAL ©

SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

)

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

¢ = http:/Awww.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-43868725b

Over Extensive 7+ years of experience as a Front-end web developer in developing and designing user
experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML, HTML5, XML, DHTML CSS, CSS3, SASS, LESS,
JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux, ES6, Saga, thunk Web pack, Flex, JQuery, JSON, Node.js, Ajax, JQUERY
Bootstrap.

Experience in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive
experience with Agile and SCRUM. Strong experience in using AJAX, JSTL, Tiles, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3,
React.JS, Java Server Faces (JSF) Apache Commons, Velocity for designing front end. Expertise in
implementing easy fo use Bootstrap plugins for building carousel, accordion, modal windows etc. Extensive
knowledge in developing single - page applications (SPAs). Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model
(DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire
Bug. Developer Tool Bar. Expertise in ReactJS and working with React Flux architecture. Experience with
middleware's using Redux-Thunk, Redux-Saga, Redux-Logger, Universal React Redux. Expertise in ReactJS
framework to develop the SPA. Experience in ReactJs Libraries like redux thunk, redux saga. Extensive
knowledge in Client/Server Technology, GUI Design, Relational Database Management Systems RDBMS, and
Rapid Application Development Methodology. Experience with modern build tool chains, like JavaScript
frameworks/technologies such as Express js, Angularjs, React.js, MobX or Flux.js. Experience in Unit Testing
frameworks and in preparing test cases. Experience in working with ReactJS. React Flux, and Redux
architecture using complex object-oriented concepts in improving the performance of websites. Expertise in
creating Custom Reusable React Components Library Experienced in working with Redux architecture using
complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites Experience in using ReactJs
components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept. Good Experience in
Reactjs for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.
Worked with React, React Router and Redux state management of application. Good knowledge in working
with databases like Oracle, MS SQL Server, Azure, MySQL, PL/SQL(Oracle), PostgreSQL, NoSQL, MongoDB,
Cassandra along with web application servers like Apache Tomcat, Web logic etc. Experienced in AWS Cloud
platform and its features which includes EC2, S3. AMI, and AWS VPC. Experience in working with IBM Web-
sphere Portal/Application Server, BEA Web Logic, and Apache Tomcat 5x application servers. Hands on
experience with Junit, Mocha, Chai, and Jasmine Integration Testing and Log4j in developing test cases and
determining application functionality. Have experience in software Development Processes like SDLC,
Waterfall, Test Driven Development (TDD), Iterative and Agile Methodologies. Excellent communication,
interpersonal and analytical skills, and a highly motivated team player with the ability to work independently.

e Technical Skills: e Web Services

* Languages * SOAP. REST

e Java 8/7/6, PLYISQL, SQL e Design & GUI Tools

e Java/J2EE Technologies e Eclipse, IBM RAD

e Core Java, JMS, Java Beans, Java e App servers
Multithreading, Generics and Collections, EJB, e IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA Web
Tiles, Design Patterns Logic

e Frameworks ¢ Databases/Tools

e Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot. e Oracle, SQL Server, My-SQL, MongoDB

e Web Technologies e Version Controls

e HTML5, XML, DOM, JSON, CSS3. JavaScript,
JQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, NodeJS, ReactJS,
REDUX, React Native, ReactJS15.x-16.x

SENIOR REACT DEVELOPER 09/2021 to CURRENT
Rural Sourcing | Baton Rouge, LA Greenville, SC

e Designed the Front-end applications, And Mobile Application As well for user interactive (Ul) web pages
using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Es6 JavaScript, React JS and React-Native/Redux Saga

e Worked as a Front-End Developer on the project with JavaScript, ES6. React, Redux Saga, RESTtul
services, HTMLS/CSS3/SASS/Bootstrap and Gitlab

e Involved in the analysis, design and development and testing phases of Software Development Life
Cycle (SDLC)

e Implemented Redux Saga's with actions and reducers to implement a sync API calls

e Made use of Redux saga middleware to access redux application state and dispatched redux actions

* Worked in designing, developing, and testing the web application by using the HTML5, CSS3, SASS,
LESS, Bootstrap, and React.JS

e Involved in designing web pages using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, React js, Redux, Bootstrap.
Node js. express js, Mongo DB

e Used popular Node.js frameworks like Express and Restify to mock a Restful API

e Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements

e Created proof - of-concept using responsive web design, Node js, React JS, HTML5 and CSS3

¢ Skilled in leading frameworks as ReactJS to build high-quality, scalable, and reusable components and
Front-end solution

e Created ReactJS directives, factories, and services for developing single page web applications

e Developed user interface by using the React HOC, Flux/Redux for SPA development

e Used React Observables to create custom components for data manipulations and to display data in
company standard format

e Designed layouts on the front-end and developed web pages responsive for smart phones, tablets and
Personal desktops using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. jQuery, React HOC, Redux & React Promises

« Developed Ul components for email and link sharing of documents and files for a Content Management
System using Backbone js and React Promises

e Enhanced the React Observables with Redux, React-router and Redux-thunk

e Used Redux-Thunk as middleware to manipulate the data type and handle multiple actions

e Revamping and rewriting front-end using preact js, redux, saga, webpack

e Worked with the development team, involved in creating MVW (Web API) to implement React. JS
framework for client-side rendering to optimize the front end

e Implemented React_JS client-side form validation to validate the user inputs before passing to back-end

e Built React Native app with Redux for responsive location- based UI to build the web platform

e Worked with Application using React. JS and Node_JS libraries NPM, gulp directions to generate desired
view and flux to root the URL's properly

e Added new features using React/Redux(RXJS)/Lodash for functionality of few modules

e Worked in Oracle RDBMS systems installation, upgrading, configuring and maintaining from versions 7
through 9i

e Implemented JUnit test cases to unit test the code

e Used Jenkins to provide continuous integration service for Server configuration management

e Worked with Mongo DB to store non-relational data into collection and retrieve them whenever required

e Designed database and created tables, written the complex SQL Queries and stored procedures as per
the requirements

e Followed Test Driven Development (TDD), Scrum concepts of the Agile Methodology to produce high
Quality Software

e Environment: React.JS. Redux, React HOC, React Observables, React Native. React Async Await,
React Promises, Saga, Thunk, JWT. Typescript, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, Ajax, Bootstrap.JS, GitLab,
GitHub, Jasmine, MongoDB, SQL, Agile and Windows.

e Handled [Number] calls per day to address customer inquiries and concerns.

SEQIOR REACT DEVELOPER 12/2019 to 08/2021
Rural Sourcing | Mobile, AL Reynoldsburg, OH

e Involved in Requirements gathering, analysis and design and documentation as the application was
started from scratch

e Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using jQuery event handlers
and call back functions, ES6

e Used Saga Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back-End

e Worked on Redux for state manipulations and Redux Saga to implement API requests asynchronously

e Used Middleware, Redux-Saga in application to retrieve data from Back-End and to also perform
RESTFUL services

e Designed and implemented server-side RESTful web services using NodeJS and handled
communications to the client side (ReactJS) using JSON

e Developed additional Ul Components using JSF and implemented an asynchronous, AJAX (JQuery)
based rich client to improve customer experience

e Involving all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle like Application Design, Development,
Debugging and testing the applications

e Developed static and dynamic Web Pages using JSP. HTML and CSS

e Extensively used Redux Sagas to manage side effects in React and Redux

e Used React Router Redux to store the route parameters in the redux store

e Utilized Bootstrap and to develop a reactive website from a static JavaScript, Node JS, Bootstrap,
Semantic Ul, RESTful API. jQuery existing code base

e Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3 preprocessors like JavaScript,
React. JS, React-Redux and Redux- Saga

e Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components

e Used Redux for the data management of the application

e Worked with React.JS Components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router and Redux concept

e Redesigning site with everything from contact page to landing page all using React. JS

e Designed Ul! views with Flexbox and React Native dimension API

e Involved in setting up AWS (Amazon Web Services) services with EC2 instances, S3 bucket, IAM took
part in deploying application in AWS along with writing and retrieving files to and from AWS S3 bucket
for Ul to render data faster

e Involved in fixing bugs and unit testing with test cases using JUnit framework

e Created and configured the delivery pipeline to implement continuous integration and deployment by
using Jenkins

e Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, replication, schema
design, etc

e Involved in creating and extracting data from database using SQL Queries, PL/SQL Stored procedures,
triggers, packages on Oracle database

e Worked on data transformation and retrieval from mainframes to oracle, using SQL loader and control
files

e Monitored team members to follow standards, guidelines and use new tools

e Environment: ReactJS, Redux, React Router, Semantic Ul, Saga, Thunk, Bootstrap, Axios, Flux, Mobx,
Lodash, JavaScript, ES6 Flow, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Node.js, PL/SQL, MongoDB, Junit,
Jasmine.

REACT DEVELOPER 10/2018 to 11/2019
Cognizant Technology Solutions | Upper Gwynedd, PA New York, NY

e Involved in all the phases of SDLC including Requirements Collection, Design and Analysis of the
Customer Specifications, and Development and Customization of the Application

e Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. JavaScript, jQuery and React.JS that meets
accessibility and web browser standards for website

e« Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning,
text, border, margin, padding, and table

e Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using
sprites

« Developed user interface by using the ReactJS, Flux for SPA development

e Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux

e Extensively used ReactJS, library of JavaScript, and used Forms, Events, Keys, State, Props, Flux, and
Web pack

e Worked on React Native Framework to develop mobile user interfaces which is highly responsive

e €xtensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub

e Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday
basis

e Extensively used debugging tools such as Firebug and IE Dev tools to investigate the issues and fix the
bugs

e Monitoring the offshore work and providing technical help to the offshore team for their JIRA tickets

e  Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters, and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues

« Performed the System Testing. Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are
reported by Testing Team

« Coded extensively in ReactJS to make rich internet web pages

e Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code

e Developed unit test cases using Junit and used Grunt for build tool for configuring tasks. Karma,
Jasmine for Unit Testing

e Involved in analysis, design, and Implementation applying the Agile methodology

e Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly
Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues

e Environment: XML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, ReactJS, Redux, Flex, My SQL, XML, XSL,
XSLT, JSON, GitHub,

« NodeJS, JUnit, SQL, Agile and Windows.

REACT DEVELOPER 05/2015 to 09/2018
Cognizant Technology Solutions | Urbandale, IA Coimbatore, India

« Web development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS and Ajax

« Created ReactJS components using JSX, Followed Redux Architecture for unidirectional data flow and
manage your data in React and Make HTTP requests in React & Redux

« Worked in using ReactJS components. Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations

e Developed ReactJS pages. Web services calls, and AJAX calls for the application

e Developed client - side Interface using ReactJS

« Build React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages

e« Responsible for developing front-end application using ReactJS and Redux architecture for internal
team's productivity use

e« Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface, and Forms

e Responsible for React Ul and architecture

« Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid

e« Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages

e Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with
project manager and developers

e Unit and Integration testing on development and pre-production servers

« Utilized Agile Scrum to manage full life-cycle development of the project

e Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, React JS, jQuery

Master of Science | Computer Science
University of Missouri - Kansas City, Kansas City, MO

BaChelor of Science | Computer Science
Osmania University, Hyderabad India