SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Software Engineer with years of experience working on an analysis software. Seeking employment as part of
a dynamic software development team.

Java Agile development methodologies

SQL Proficient in HTML

WinCVS JavaScript

HTML Relational DBMS

GIS APIs

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER 02/1999 to CURRENT

Rapid Global Business Solutions, Inc | Hebron, KY

e Designed and implemented the Entity Extractor interace component of VisuaLinks to use a third party
extractor software to create entities from data.

* Supported the Mapping Tools (ESRI, Google Maps, Google Earth) embedded in VisuaLinks including
maintaining and modifying the html and js pages. upgrading to newer versions, adding new features
and handling security issues.

e Wrote the data ingest code, in Java, for VisuaLinks that runs on Oracle 119 databases.

e Developed a Quick Data Load Interface component to allow users to pull data from Excel, Text, RSS,
RDF, XML and Local Tables into a database.

e The QDL allows users to define columns, perform transformations, add indexes, and apply various
functions to the data during the import.

e Once imported the data can then be used to model and perform data analysis on.

e Wrote drivers to connect to various databases (€.g MarkLogic,Linked, Mongo) to allow VisuaLinks to
retrieve data.

e Worked on data harmonizing engine in VisuaLink to include Excel, RDF, XML, and RSS.

e Designed and Implemented the interface for Export Analytical Reports from within VisuaLinks, a link
analysis and visualization tool.

e Used XSLT to transform XML into html, ADO Style XML, and VRML.

e The report functionality includes allowing the user to select headers, footers, table of contents.
embedding of images data to include in the reports, and further customizing the report.

e Added the capability from within VisuaLinks to save data to a new Access or pre existing JDBC data
source.

« Creating new tables and exporting selected data from VisuaLinks.

e Implemented the ability to create an html document within VisuaLinks and send and open the document
in Microsoft Word and/or a browser.

e Added aggregate functionality, sums, averages, min and max of values within VisuaLinks Network Miner
and Summarize services.

e Involved in various stages of the project life cycle mainly analysis, design, implementation and testing of
the application.

e Used UML Use-Case and sequence diagrams for analysis to clarify requirements.

e Designed and Implemented code to interface with various RDMS systems using JDBC including Oracle,
SQL Server, Sybase and MySQL.

e Experience cont'd Joanna Pycha Maintained and developed SQL Server Data Transformation Services
(DTS) packages to allow for the import of Social Security Death Master Data monthly.

e Wrote DTS to convert and format data for monthly updates.

e In charge of the Oracle 9.i database used for development and testing.

e This includes DBA administration. installation, importing of data ,configuring uses to connect to the
database and troubleshooting issues.

« JCAG Implemented chart capabilities, using JClass charts, for data within VisuaLinks to be displayed in
2D and 3D chart formats.

e The chart functionality includes allowing multiple x and y axis, printing and saving the images.

e The functionality also included zoom, move, rotate, scale and z-rotate within the interface.

e Implemented the database translator wizard to allow for the import/export of data between databases
using JDBC.

e Including for the automatic detection of ODBC data sources within the interface.

e Customs Data Mining Project Performed DBA duties including creation and maintenance of database
objects that utilize Oracles partitioning in a Windows NT environment Responsible for loading external
data using SQL*Loader into the data warehouse Performed nightly cold backups of database and
restored from backups Created and maintained a test database environment Installed and configured
Oracle 8.1.6 products including the server, client, and enterprise manager Designed and implemented a
middle tier environment for the user interface using Enterprise JavaBeans specifications Responsible
for writing, debugging and testing Dynamic PL/SQL and PL/SQL programs used in improving query
performance Performed optimization tests to improve the overall performance of the database and it's
queries Counter Drug Database Project Design and implemented a GUI in Java to query against the
Oracle 8.1.6 database and display the results Assisted DBA with design and enhancements to the
database Helped formulate queries to be used in a presentation involving link analysis tools Maintained
and oversaw the ordering of all software for the development staff at VAI.

CC_MPUTER PROGRAMMERIANALY ST 01/1 to 01/1
City Of Cincinnati, Oh | Cincinnati, OH

e NCI Web Development Project Built web pages using Story Server 4.0, Tcl/Tk, and HTML Interfaced with
the Oracle 7.3 database, which included writing queries and working on the database design
Participated on a team to redesign the NCI web site for ease of use Office of National Drug Control
Policy Project Designed and implemented a GUI interface in java Used SQL Server 6.5 to implement
and store data for project Experience cont'd Joanna Pycha.

CC-MPUTER PROGRAMMERIANALY ST 01/1 to 01/4
City Of Cincinnati, Oh | Cincinnati, OH

e Designed and implemented code to simulate urban warfare that interfaced with the GIS system
Developed code in Modsim Ill to covert the format of files Participated with the object-oriented design of
their Study Manger and Data Query Tool Utilized UML notation for implementation of the class and
interactive diagrams Designed and implemented code using Tcl/Tk to produce GUI for the Data Query
Tool Wrote PERL scripts to test out the current version control.

SEXIOR LAB TECHNICIAN 01/1 to O1/1
Championx Corp. | Artesia, NM
e Delegated laboratory tasks daily Resolved laboratory and shipping problems Assisted with data entry
operations on the National Aids Repository Database System which included the loading of all specimen

data Oversaw the shipping and receiving of infectious and non-infectious substances Designed and
implemented a database in Oracle 7.0 to assist with the record keeping of shipments to and from the

repository.

Bachelor of Science | Computer and Information Systems AUGUST 1997
University of Maryland University College, College Park, MD
Computer and Information Systems

Bzohelor of Science | General Biological Sciences MAY 1994
University of Maryland College, Park, MD
General Biological Sciences

e Security Clearance Active Secret

3D, ADO, C, C++, charts, clarify, client, version control, data analysis, data entry, Data Mining, DTS, data
warehouse, DBA, databases, Database, database design, debugging, Enterprise JavaBeans, XML, GIS, GUI,
HTML, Java, JDBC, max, Access, MS Access, Excel, Office, SQL Server 6.5, Windows, Windows NT, Microsoft
Word, MySQL, enterprise, Network, object-oriented design, ODBC, optimization, Oracle 9, Oracle 7.0, Oracle
7.3, Oracle, PL/SQL, Oracle 8, Oracle8, PERL, Quick, receiving, record keeping. scripts, shipping. SQL, SQL
Server, SQL*Loader, Swing, Sybase, Tables, Tcl/Tk, translator, troubleshooting. UML, user interface, VRML,
Web Development, web site, web pages, XSLT