JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Wessrtes, Portro.ios, PROFILES

¢ https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire/
¢ https://github.com/israman30
¢ https://twitter.com/Israman30

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

As a former logistics manager, I constantly aim to maintain an organized workflow. This experience will help me as a junior 10S developer,
where I can focus on constantly innovating a better user experience, while maintaining a clear process for resolving issues along the way. My
passion to create and implement new technologies is my motivation for this new adventure in programming."

SKILLS

e Swift/Xcode.- Cocoa Touch, Optionals Types, Control Apple Devices, HTML, CSS, Java Script, C++, Java, Visual Studio
Flow(Loops, conditionals and cases), (Classes, Properties and Oracle VM, and VMWare
methods), Protocols and extensions, inheritances & initializations,
Error handing, Functions, Collections.

e Apple Frameworks

¢ Networking APIs. JSON, Web Services

e Storage Firebase, Persistence and Core Data

Work History

2016 to 01/2017 Jr iOS Developer Immersive
Sharp Electronics Corp — Houston, TX

e General Assembly's 10S Immersive (10S) is a 14-week long, dedicated to designing and building mobile web
applications.

e Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.

e Implemented designs, including experimentation and multiple iterations.

¢ Stored, retrieved and manipulated data for close analysis of system capabilities.

e Consulted with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software.

¢ Worked closely with other team members to plan, design and develop robust solutions in a timely manner.

¢ My Chalkboard This app is easy and friendly. Allows the user to input a list of task, and each one will have a
Chalkboard to describe the detail of duties listed. This chalkboard will remind the user of a notification message.

¢ My New News presents you with the latest news stories. Tap a story to see and read the full news article. It's an
easy and convenient way to stay up to date with the latest breaking news. App store link: https://1tunes.apple.com/
us/app/my-new-news/id1210234219?mt=8

08/2003 to 2016 Logistics Supervisor
Century 21 Department Store — City, STATE

¢ Implemented core values for continuous improvement.

e Ensured that the material flow through the facility was effective and efficient.

e Developed, managed and stabilized production plan, to efficiently meet customer demand.

e Assisted with product inventories.

e Worked in conjunction with warehouse managers and corporate buyers to settle any discrepancies with the product
line.

¢ Created, verified and maintained records on incoming and outgoing shipments, utilizing accounting/inventory
systems.

2003 to 2006 Stock Logistics Clerk
Century 21 Department Store

LANGUAGES

Bilingual- English and Spanish

EpwucatTIon
2013 Associate of Applied Science: Computer Programming
BramsonORT College - Forest Hills, New York
e Emphasis in C++, Java, PHP. HTML, CSS, Javascript, MySQL
e VMWare & VMOracle
May 1999 B.B.A: Hotel Tourism
Vicente Rocafuerte University - Guayaquil
CERTIFICATIONS

10S Developer Immersive at General Assembly; is a 16-week long, dedicated to designing and building mobile web applications.