PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Solution-driven Full-stack Developer adept at contributing to highly collaborative work environment, finding
solutions and determining customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused websites
using HTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript. Built products for desktop and mobile app users over 10+ years,
meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices and speed. Designed and
developed web applications across multiple APIs, third-party integrations and databases.

e Front-End Programming: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, « Agile Workflow

React and React native e JavaScript
« Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub e PHP
« Back-End and Database Skills e Wordpress

« Express JS

© WEB DEVELOPER 08/2027 to CURRENT

Audacy, Inc. | Baltimore, MD

e« Planned website development, converting mockups into usable web presence with HTML, JavaScript
(ReactJS, GatsbyJS), AJAX, JSON coding and PHP(Wordpress)

« Provided front-end website development using WordPress, Hubspot and other editing software.

« Coded websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery languages.

e« Engaged with clients to plan and optimize site issues and queries.

e« Oversaw back-end development using PHP to maintain website integrity.

e Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.

SCO TWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER 01/2021 to 08/2021
Keurig Dr Pepper

e Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.

e Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release
software project development.

e Discussed issues with team members to provide resolution and apply best practices.

e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.

e Documented technical workflows and knowledge to educate newly hired employees.

e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.

e Participated in software field testing to verify performance of developed projects.

REACT NATIVE DEVELOPER 07/2020 to 01/2021
Cognizant Technology Solutions

e Developed software for desktop and mobile operating systems.

e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.

e Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces to improve user experience.

e Collaborated on stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production
releases.

e Designed reusable and reliable code for use within distributed cloud environments.

e Designed customized solutions for proposals to potential customers.

FLOL STACK WEB DEVELOPER 02/XXX1 to 06/2020
Check Point Software Technologies

e Developed efficient and maintainable software according to business objectives and needs of clients.

e Maintained complex technology infrastructure and collaborated with product team to implement new
features and strategically plan for future products.

e Used Javascript, SQL and HTML to develop app-solutions.

e Liaised with rebranding experts to optimize websites for increased conversion rates.

e Used NodeJS, ORM and SQL/No-SQL to develop and manage databases.

e Developed functional databases, applications and servers to support websites on back-end.

e Contributed ideas and suggestions in team meetings and delivered updates on deadlines, designs and
enhancements.

Bachelor of Science | Engineering Technology 1 2/XXX2
Universidad De Ciencia Y Desarrollo, Colombia

Spanish: English:
Ct rrr
Native or Bilingual Professional Working
Negotiated: Negotiated:

e = https://wwwlinkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-252b8574/

e Front-End Programming: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, React and React native
e Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub

e Back-End and Database Skills

e Express JS

¢ Agile Workflow

e JavaScript

* PHP

e Wordpress

) WEB DEVELOPER 08/2021 to CURRENT

Endava | Lodi, NJ
e Planned website development, converting mockups into usable web presence with HTML, JavaScript
(ReactJS, GatsbyJS), AJAX, JSON coding and PHP(Wordpress)
e Provided front-end website development using WordPress, Hubspot and other editing software.
e Coded websites using HTML, CSS. JavaScript and jQuery languages.
e Engaged with clients to plan and optimize site issues and queries.
e Oversaw back-end development using PHP to maintain website integrity.
e Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.

SCOTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER 01/2021 to 08/2021
Torrens University

e Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.

¢ Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release

software project development.

e Discussed issues with team members to provide resolution and apply best practices.

e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.

e Documented technical workflows and knowledge to educate newly hired employees.

e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.

e Participated in software field testing to verify performance of developed projects.

REACT NATIVE DEVELOPER 07/2020 to 01/2021
Cafeto Software

e Developed software for desktop and mobile operating systems.

« Translated customer requirements into written use cases.

e Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces to improve user experience.

« Collaborated on stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production

releases.
« Designed reusable and reliable code for use within distributed cloud environments.
« Designed customized solutions for proposals to potential customers.

FUL STACK WEB DEVELOPER 02/XXX1 to 06/2020
LAE International Education
« Developed efficient and maintainable software according to business objectives and needs of clients.
« Maintained complex technology infrastructure and collaborated with product team to implement new
features and strategically plan for future products.
e Used Javascript, SQL and HTML to develop app-solutions.
e Liaised with rebranding experts to optimize websites for increased conversion rates.
e Used NodeJS, ORM and SQL/No-SQL to develop and manage databases.
e« Developed functional databases, applications and servers to support websites on back-end.
« Contributed ideas and suggestions in team meetings and delivered updates on deadlines, designs and
enhancements.