PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

UI Developer with hands-on experience in developing MEAN stack applications, ReactJS, Redux, JavaScript
ES6 ES7 ES8, jQuery, Node_js, PHP. Experience with full software development life cycle (SDLC) from
requirements gathering, designing, coding, implementing, testing, maintenance, and documentation. Good
problem solving skills and documentation skills. Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills
working within cross-functional teams.

« Languages: Java, C, PHP e Databases © SQL Server. MySQL, Mongo DB

« Web Technologies -HTML5. CSS, Bootstrap, « Prototyping design: iRise, Photoshop,
Responsive Web Design, SEO, Analytics, Illustrator, Dreamweaver
JavaScript ES7, JQuery, Angular, Node Js. React « Testing frameworks : Jest, Enzyme
Js, React hooks, jQuery e Editors/ IDE Tools: Eclipse. Visual Studio

« Project Management Tools: JIRA, GIT, Code, WebStorm, Notepad ++, Sublime Text
Jenkins

« Documentation : MS Office, Microsoft-Visio,
Confluence

UI DEVELOPER(REAC T/ANGULAR) 08/2019 to CURRENT

General Motors | Rancho Cucamonga, CA

e Building web applications and touchscreen kiosk applications.

e Integrating peripherals to kiosk application, to scan barcodes, pay through credit card, accept cash
payments.

e« Used front end technologies like HTML5S, CSS3, React JS, Redux, unit testing using Jest, Enzyme to
achieve full fledged end to end application development.

e Analyzed application designs through wireframes, mapping it with business functionality and
coordinated with UX designers, business team, product owner to gather and analyze requirement and
worked with architects to come up with new ideas to improve overall application functionality and
performance.

e Developed user friendly single page application keeping accessibility as key.

e Experience in implementing store actions, installing React Router, React -Redux app to handle real time
data, API calls
from Thunk, Redux in ReactJS.

e Used ES6, ES7, ES8, Hooks and JSX for component development.

e Worked on migration of project from Legacy to new react platform. Migrated Angular 2.0 project to
React JS.

« Expertise in using custom Directives, factory, providers, services and filters in Angular.

« Experience with Angular Components, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes,
Animations, forms etc.

e As part of NSA migration project, worked with pod owners, backend developers to integrate new API's in
existing application.

e Played intermittent lead role and handled enterprise release, aligned and made sure requirement was
delivered on time.

e Involved in monthly enterprise release and weekly release by developing new requirements and fixing
issues.

e Worked in Agile environment for complete integration and to build responsive kiosk applications.

e Used Jenkins for Code deployment.

e Provided solutions/fixed bugs to critical issues for production support and maintained project
documentation.

¢ Validated new features and updated documentation, artifacts for each enterprise release.

e Integrated glassbox feature to track user activity.

e Managed time effectively meeting all deadlines for release of projects.

Environment: HTML, CSS. Styled components, JavaScript, typescript, React, Redux, Router, JIRA, Node,
Angular, slack, postman, glassbox, NPM (Node package manager).

UI OOF TWARE DEVELOPER 09/2017 to 08/2019
Gei Consultants | Traverse City, MI

e Designed and developed responsive web application user interface for business clients to request
quotes for Hovercrafts, shop for parts, place orders.

e Rebuilding content management systems as single page application using ReactJS, Redux with
Bootstrap 4.0, create RESTful Webservice using NodeJS ExpressJS and MySQL.

e JavaScript to handle complex form validation and dynamic form element updating.

e Aided in development of server-side scripts to process business requests using object-oriented PHP
7X.

e Maintaining and enhancing features of Hovercraft Manufacturing System using PHP 7.x.

e Designated UI architecture for internal web application and worked with designers to construct
conceptual Wireframes and Mock-ups.

e Developed page layouts, Navigation's and presented designs and concepts to clients and management
review.

e Working with AJAX data consisting of JSON/XML/JSONP responses, parsing same and presenting on UI
layer, form submissions and DOM manipulation.

e Supported android application (QR code scanner) to store and retrieve employee clock In, Clock Out,
calculating manufacturing hours on each job using PHP 7.x and MySQL DB. Worked with MYSQL
database and wrote advanced queries by following data fetching optimization techniques.

e Worked with GitHub and GIT commands for managing code versions and source code management.

WB DEVELOPER INTERN 05/2014 to 12/2015
ECIL | City, STATE

e Interacted with clients to understand their existing applications and design site according to system
requirements.

e Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy,
content, and features.

e Developed dynamic and user interactive interface that ensured fast page views rendering time and user
experience using HTML 5.0, CCS3, JavaScript with jQuery library.

¢ Styled existing views using CSS, SASS.

« Fetched and stored content using AJAX calls using PATCH. GET, POST.

e Developed application level code to perform client-side validation using JavaScript with jQuery.

e Maintained, enhanced, and recommended solutions that best suit business and technology needs from

UI standpoint.
¢ Implemented cross-platform browser plugins, improving overall website responsiveness and
functionality.
Master of Science | Computer Science 05/2017

Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN

e Majored in Web Programming
« Graduated with 3.68 GPA

Bea ohelor of Science | Electronics And Communication Engineering 05/2015
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, Telangana, India

« Majored in Electronics
« Graduated with 3.66 GPA