Mia Williams

Junior Front-End Developer | React Expert
Sheip@enhancvcom =< linkedinceen —-§ Washington, AC

SUMMARY

Energetic Junior Front-End Developer with over 2 years of professional
experience focusing on React-based applications. Proficient with
JavaScript, TypeScript, and Git. Developed over 10 user-centered React
applications and troubleshooted 50+ website properties. Looking forward
to adding value through my passion and expertise.

EXPERIENCE

Front-End Developer

Syntax Technologies 08 2019-2020 Washington, OC.

Consriteted to troeaend developement with a primary focus on React based

applications.

+ Developed 10+ uier-tocused, moder React applications rewating in 15% improwed user
experience,

+ Troubleshot and maintained 7 company websites, ensuring fast and optimal

Performance.
« Worked closety with the Content team 10 optimize wetrites for accessibility and speed,
increasing site traffic by 20%.

Web Developer

Innova Solutions 03 2018-2019 9 Washington. OC,
Responsible for designing and maintaining company’s web properties.

+ Implemented React Hooks in 5 projects enhancing code reusabiiey and efficiency.

+ Utilized Git for version contres across all projects ensuring seamiess team collaboration.
+ Idenbited and fixed 50+ issues in web properties, improving website usatetity

Web Development Intern
Neural Networks $3 2016-2018} F Washington, OC.
saa es AA Rae A
* Gained handt-on experience with lawaScrige and TypeScript, contributing to waelous.
evelopment peopects.
+ Assisted in maintaining and troubleshooting portiotic of websites enwring seaméess
user experience.

+ Developed understanding of Sass and Bootstrap, working on side projects and tasks.

EDUCATION

Master's degree in Computer Science
Georgetown University 2015-2017 O Warrington OC.

Bachelor's degree in Information Technology
American University 3 2011-2015 9 @ Warhington. OC.

LANGUAGES

Native eeeee Spanish Intermediate @@«

STRENGTHS

5 Adaptability
Quickly adapted to the sophisticated React
ecosystem at Syntax Technologies, contributing
to major projects within the first few months.

Collaborative
Successfully collaborated with 2 team of

Consistently kept up-to-date with the Latest

inchading a proficient
wnderstanding of Mobx aed MST while at
Neural Networks.

SKILLS
React React Hooks JavaScript

CERTIFICATION

Advanced React and Redux
Certificate Course by Udemy focusing on advanced
concepts of React and Redux.

Modern JavaScript: From Novice to Ninja

Completed comprehensive course by Udemy on
Modern javaScript.

PASSIONS

tr Web Development
I love creating interactive, efficient, and user-
friendty web applications that add value to
businesses,

Py) Leaming Coding Languages
Spending time deep-diving imo new coding
Languages and weed technologies stieulates
and inspires me.