JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Former U.S. Navy veteran with 4 years of experience in software engineering who seeks employment as part of a dynamic software
development team. Have 2 years of experience developing web applications using web technologies such as AngularJS, HTML, JQuery, and
CSS and about 2 years of experience in developing mobile applications for the 10S platform using swift and 10S SDK.

RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

04/2021 to Current

IOS Developer
Bank Of America Corporation — Bainbridge Island, WA

¢ Developed native 10S product compatible with iPhone and iPad devices.

¢ Collaborated with development team in architectural design and decisions.

e Worked with Atlassian products such as Jira for tracking and updating user stories and sprint progress.

e Utilized Confluence as a tool for documenting and referencing technical project work.

¢ Used Carthage package manager in importing and managing project's third-party libraries and dependencies.

© Used GitHub as a versioning control tool to manage project's source code history.

e Used ARC to handle memory management efficiently.

© Developed 10S native application to support various screen sizes and orientations for iPhone and iPad using Size
Class.

© Utilized the Combine framework in building a reactive application.

03/2021 to 04/2023 IOS Developer/React Native Developer

Pointclickcare — Montgomery, AL

¢ Collaborated in implementing responsive 10S native applications using Swift and the latest technologies to provide
users with a smooth and intuitive user experience.

¢ Followed Apple's Human Interface guidelines to create products aligned with 10S UI norms.

¢ Created reusable components that can be applied to 10S applications developed throughout the organization.

e Managed and implemented data state across application using Redux and Redux-thunk (as middleware to manage
Asynchronous data).

e Conducted interviews to evaluate possible future 10S developer candidates to meet the development team's staffing
capacity.

¢ Provided continuous maintenance and bug fixes for the existing application to improve usability and user
experience.

e Wrote unit tests on the existing React Native and 10S codebase to meet a minimum of 80% code coverage using
Javascript and 10S testing frameworks such as JestJS and XCTests, respectfully.

01/2019 to 09/2020 Junior IOS Developer

Anthem, Inc. — City, STATE

e Have about 2 years 10S development experience in Swift.

e Proficient in 10S application development using native frameworks like Core Graphics, PushKit, AVFoundation,
and UIKit.

¢ Improved product quality through code reviews, writing effective unit tests and collaborating with QA on
implementing automation testing.

e Work along with other engineers and developers in formulating and deciding on solutions to technical problems.

e Reviewed client requirements, wireframes, and designs for technical feasibility.

e Experience writing code following MVC architecture.

e Integrated ForeSee SDK to enable customer feedback on application usage.

e Collaborated with the scrum team to translate client requirements into implementable user stories.

© Developed reusable custom components for 10S applications.

e Experience in concurrent programming working with operation queues and dispatch queues.

¢ Worked with source control tools such as Bitbucket.

e Experience with agile/scrum tools.

e Experience with RESTful, JSON, XML, and SOAP Web Services.

e Used Jira to maintain project and sprint level progress and development.

¢ Implemented remote feature flag capability using LaunchDarkly SDK for continue integration (CI) support.

09/2016 to 01/2019 AngularJS/Mobile Developer

Work EXPERIENCE

Anthem Inc. — City, STATE

e 2+ experience in developing web application in AngularJS. HTML, and CSS.

© Worked with product designers and product managers to design user interactions in applications.

e Tested features across various browsers.

¢ Implemented push notifications functionality into Android and 10S mobile platform.

e Fixed bugs as were encountered.

e Conducted design and code reviews to share knowledge with development team.

e Designed and maintained Web and Mobile applications.

¢ Collaborated with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences.

e Assisted Anthem in cost savings of up to 150,000/year through migration of cross-platform Mobile Application
framework from IBM Worklight to Apache Cordova.

¢ Implemented build tools including Gulpjs into mobile applications.

¢ Performed and implemented unit tests on several sections of Anthem's Mobile Application using Jasmine
framework.

© Modularized front-end CSS and JS code with Sass.

© Develop rich SPA using AngularJS javascript framework.

05/2007 to 11/2012 Auxiliary Machinery Operator and Supervisor

U.S. Navy — Newport News, VA

e Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of auxiliary machinery systems.

e Successfully trained and led a team responsible for maintenance, operation, and supervision of essential power
plant auxiliaries.

e Repaired and restored large emergency power plant diesel engine worth over 2 million dollars during overseas
deployment.

e Dismantled and inspected components and adjusted and repaired them as necessary.

e Trained, directed and instructed over 6 apprentices and helpers.

e Maintained logs, lists and files and promptly completed all necessary paperwork.

05/2005 to 06/2007 Cashier
Taco Bell — Kissimmee, FL
e Accepted payment by from customers and made changes as necessary.
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
¢ Worked with customer service to resolve issues.
© Operated cash register with proficiency.
e Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.
03/2004 to 04/2005 Food Service
Disney World — Orlando, FL
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
e Cleaned and straightened work area.
e Responsible for daily set up of multipleGreeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas stations.
e Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.
EpucaTIon
2024 Master of Science: Computer Science
Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD
2020 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR
GPA 3.25
2016 BBA: Information Systems and Technology
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA
GPA 3.4
2016 BBA: Economics
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA
SKILLS
e Swift e CSS
¢ Mobile App Development e HTML
e REST e React Native
¢ JavaScript e IOS