Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

Human Resources Generalist offering 5 years of combined experience in the US and India. Experienced in Payroll Administration,
Benefits/Compensation Administration, Talent/Performance Management, Recruitment/Selection, Training & Development, HR
Policy and Strategic. Experience in training protocol development and policy implementation. Highly proficient in building lasting

relationships with key decision makers, customers and team members to further company goals.

¢ Staffing and recruiting professional ¢ Employment Recordkeeping

¢ Employment law knowledge e Human Resources Management Systems

e Interviewing expertise e Performance Appraisal

e MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint e Talent Management

¢ Employee Orientation ¢ HRIS Applications

¢ Recruitment Management ¢« Compensation and Benefits Administration
Accomplishments

e Aligned employee compensation with company strategy, resulting in controlled compensation costs and pay equity.

e Implemented company E-Learning Program, which resulted in employee professional development and HR compliance.

e Compiled reports and summaries for management outlining marketing campaigns and engagement efforts.

e Assisted HR team with the implementation of the HRIS system to improve management of tracking relations issues, leaves, and
unemployment.

e Trained HR staff and temps on HRIS system and payroll process.

¢ Assisted with the implementation and tracking of company safety/emergency evacuation program.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

Experience

Software Developer, 04/2022 to Current
Sungard Public Sector — MI, State
e Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.
¢ Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release software project
development.
e Discussed issues with team members to provide resolution and apply best practices.
e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.
e Collaborated with stakeholders on requirements, architecture and solutions for multiple projects.
¢ Responsible for Requirement analysis, Technical design and Development for OMX Platform.
¢ Developed REST API's for GIT operations using SpringBoot , Hibernate and JPA technologies .
e Introduced agile methodologies and development best practices to division to enhance product development.

¢ Translated customer requirements into written use cases.

Employee Engagement Coordinator, 11/2018 to 02/2020
Equality Health — Hidalgo, TX
¢ Assist to maintain and enhance company culture and engage regularly with employees to determine if cultural values are
being exhibited.
¢ Identify how to measure culture and reevaluate cultural progression every month through tracking.
¢ Present results of surveys to Leadership and collaborate to identify ways to continue to improve survey results.
e Send communications recognizing employee achievements.
¢ Compile reports and summaries for management outlining marketing campaigns and engagement efforts.
¢ Assist with content and distribution of newsletters and employee communications for virtual and client site staff. Create

marketing content and distribute to all staff.

Write feature stories on associates, teams, and locations to help promote associate engagement, rewards, and recognition.

Create Employee Engagement Surveys to identify and build action plans with most valuable themes and stories to help our

teams improve engagement and experience.

¢ Compose, format, and create routine correspondence, reports and other documents.

e Assist HR in educating new employees on handbook, policies, and procedures.

¢ Collaborate with training department to review and ensure uniformity in design across employee trainings.

¢ Support in all employee trainings, as needed. Provide administrative support to Employee Experience Managers.

* Coordinate events during new hire orientation.

e Partner with talent team to support feedback processes and employee development efforts; maintain upward feedback
schedule.

e Execute and coordinate various employee surveys and feedback loops; administer survey platforms.

¢ Organize documentation to ensure that current versions of department documents and employee communications are up-to-

date and accurate; archive and organize previous versions (Intranet).

e Format and maintain internal employee engagement portal with updated communications and activities

Execute programs and initiatives that focus on promoting employee appreciation and recognition.
e Lead and organize internal committee and contribute to company-wide calendar and produce events that provide meaningful

experiences for employees to connect virtually.

HR Executive Assistant, 06/2011 to 04/2012
Legislative Branch — Greensboro, NC

e Planned human resource requirements in consultation with heads of different functional & operational areas and conducting
selection interviews

e Hands on experience in hiring for business models.

e Handled Post Recruitment activities. Periodic reviews and report presentations. Prepared KRA's and Job Description for all
new joiners.

e Handled Leave and Attendance management, managing and maintaining the over time, holiday working data and allocating
the Comp-offs. Preparing various timesheet reports and loss of Pay (LOP) reports using the inputs from Biometric devices and
updating the same to the finance department on monthly basis.

¢ Actively involved in bringing up the Recruitment Management System tool (RMS —Automated tool)

¢ Closing the loop with HR discussion and taking them to next stage of the process .

Human Resources Assistant, 06/2010 to 06/2011
Sheraton Gateway Hotel — City, STATE
¢ Building productive, collaborative relationships with employees.
e Reviewing resumes and applications sent in by job applicants.
¢ Maintaining employee files and the HR filing system.
¢ Conducting pre-employment background checks on prospective employees.
¢ Helping employees with benefit issues.
e Assembling new hire information packs.
e Planning and coordination HR presentations and training sessions.
¢ Writing up job descriptions.
¢ Filed paperwork, sorted and delivered mail and maintained office organization.
¢ Delivered friendly assistance with new hires throughout interviewing and hiring process.
e Reviewing, auditing, and verifying monthly benefit invoices.

e Organized new employee orientation schedules for new hires.

Education

Master of Science: Human Resource Development And Psychology, 05/2010
University of Madras - Chennai India

Bachelor of Science: Advanced Zoology & Biotechnology , 05/2008
Women's Christian College - Chennai India

Certifications

Professional Training- Certified Human Resource Management Professional (C.H.R.M.-P) - Bangalore India.
Completed certification program with practical training & hands on experience on :-

Core HR domain areas, manpower planning, recruitment process

training & development, policy implementation, compensation & benefits

MIS reports & competency mapping, ER management

P.F., E.S.I & P.T, Payroll Processing, Income Tax,

Tax planning for employees, TDS on other payments.

Training & Development:

¢ Understanding of the complete training cycle - ADDIE Model
¢ Conducting training need identification or analysis
¢ Understanding of training delivery & content development

¢ Exposure the various evaluation methodologies to measure training effectiveness

Recruitment Areas

¢ Knowledge of interview scheduling and to keep a track on selected candidates with joining date and updating to the
management.

¢ Hands on experience in job portals.

¢ Sourcing and matching profiles, understanding and executing call flow for recruitment.

¢ Understanding of coordination for entry as well as senior level openings.

e Exposure to end-to-end recruitment cycle.

Knowledge of Joining Formalities and Settlement Process

¢ Knowledge of joining formalities of an organization, collecting the relevant documents, joining form, issuing ID card etc.

¢ Knowledge of taking care of employee database with regard to their date of appointment, address, telephone numbers,
references, employee department, code number, PF number, ESI number and other personal details.

¢ Knowledge in drafting offers letters, appointment letters, and confirmation letters, relieving letter and experience letters.

¢ Knowledge in conducting exit interviews.

¢ Monitoring relieving procedures and settlement considering exit interview forms, no due certificates and the amount due from

the employee.