Zoey Walker

er ee OT TE Leadership

SUMMARY

React Native Developer holding over 5 years of hands-on experience with a
consistent record of architecting high-performing mobile apptications across
(OS and Android platforms. Adept at transitioning web apps to react native and
implementing best practices in app architecture.

EXPERIENCE

Senior React Native Developer
Tech Solutions
£9 2018 -Ongeing OF Charlotne. North Caratins

Oversaw development and improvement of mobile applicabens, ensuring efficient product

infrastructure,

© Built and maintained over 15 mobile applications resating in a 25% incerase in client
tatisfaction.

¢ Successfully leveraged native APIs foe Geep imegrations, enhancing app functionality.

* Played a key role in diagnosing and fixing bugs, reducing apptication crashes by SOR.

* lmplemented automated testing 2nd Contieuous integration processes, increasing
Gephoymere speed by 20%

React Native Developer

Blue Ocean Tech

3 2016-2018) & Chastotte. Norn Corouna

Coordinated with cross-functional tears to develop and ship new app features.

* Collaborates in the developenent of 10+ app features, improving user experience and
boosting average vession length by 15%.

bd —— application pertormance, increasing speed by 25% and reducing load time by

+ Assisted im the transition of web apps to react native, making 5 apps more accessible to
mobite utert

Junior Developer

Global Tech Innovations

$B 2014-2016 -G Chuctette, North Caroting

Assisted in the implementation and maintenance of automated testing and continuous

integration

* Contributed to the euietenance and enhancement of 7 mobile applications uting React
Native

* Collaborates closety with senior developers to plan and develop the data preternation
Layer fot warions applications.

EDUCATION

Master's Degree in Computer Science
Duke University

3 022.2014 & Durnam, Nortn Caras

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science

University of North Carolina
9 008-2012 % Chapel Hl, Noeth Carctina

LANGUAGES
—_ ecooce " — we

@ Chartette, North Carolina

STRENGTHS

[| Detail Oriented
Ability to pay strong attention 19 detail and
Getiver high-quality, efficient and visually
appealing applications, while meeting the
Project requements.

TY Team Player
Proven ability to work and cotiaborate effectively
with cross-functional and Giverse fearns ina
fast-paced enveonment

Wf Problem Solving
Expert at diagnosing bugs, resolving complex

techeical issues, and troubleshooting
applications for optimal performance.

SKILLS
JavaScript

React Native Development — Redux

TypeScript

Swift/Objective-C — Java/Kotlin REST APIs
Graph
Automated Testing (Jest and Enzyme)

Agile Methodology _Giit Version Control

CERTIFICATION

JavaScript Advanced Programming
Course provided by Codecademy focusing on ES6*+
syntax and advanced JavaScript programming concepts.

Master React Native and Redux
in-depth Udemy course covering the nuances of React
Native and Redux library.

PASSIONS

ef Continuous Learning
Committed to ongoing professional development
2nd staying abreast of the Latest industry trends
aed techactogies.

@H digitata
Passionate adout digaal art which translates into
designing visually appealing and user-friendly
applications.