JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Ten years of experience in Software Industry
¢ With a Master's degree in Computer Science, I have a complete understanding of the full life cycle of a software development project.
« During my full-time experience at Oracle.USA, I have gained hands on experience with 'Application Servers' and 'Fusion Middleware'

components

« Worked extensively in "Selentum Automation" as well as developed web applications using JZEE, WebServices. I am very good at

learning new technologies as and when needed
e Expertise in developing test cases for Unit Testing, Integration Testing and System Testing.

SKILLS
¢ Programming Languages: Java/J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL © Web Server: Apache Server
* Software Testing Automation: Selenium, TestNG, e Application Servers: WebSphere. Weblogic, Tomcat/Apache
Cucumber(BDD), Page Object Model(POM), Log4j, JSON, ¢ Web Tools and Languages: JSP, XML. HTML
AJAX, REST API, Postman, Extent Report, Maven, Jenkin, QTP, « GUI: AWT, Swing, Visual Basic
SoapUL, Jira e J2EE Patterns: Service Locator, Singleton, Proxy, Front
¢ Version Control System: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket Controller, DAO, Session Facade, Transfer Object, View Helper
* Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Python * Oracle Fusion Middleware components: Oracle SOA Suite,
¢ Database Tools: Oracle, MS Access, Oracle WebCenter, Business activity monitoring, Webtier, BPEL
MySQL,ORM. Hibernate, JPA Process Manager, Oracle Universal Content Management, Oracle
e J2EE: Java, Servlets, EIB,INDILJIDBC Enterprise Manager
¢ IDE: Eclipse, Jdeveloper
Work History
09/2007 to 09/2015 Software Developer

08/2006 to 12/2006

01/2005 to 07/2005

08/2003 to 12/2003

EpucatTIon

Smart Software Solutions, Inc — Las Vegas, NV

Project : Oracle Fusion Middleware (FMW)

Oracle Fusion Middleware is designed to support development, deployment, and management of Service-Oriented
Architecture(SOA). It includes what Oracle calls "Hot-Pluggable" architecture, which allows users to leverage existing
investments in applications and systems from other software vendors such as IBM, Microsoft, and SAP AG.

My responsibilities at Oracle America.Inc. :
Design, develop, troubleshoot and test softwares.

Write test plans, test cases, and perform manual and automated testing.

Fixes bugs on hardware platforms, including Linux and Windows.

Performs install testing for Fusion Middleware products

Performs configuration testing for Oracle application server releases...

Interacts with development, release, and Product Management to obtain functional requirements and code fixes.
Perform functional testing on SOA and Webcenter components.

Perform automation using pythonjavascript.

Develops projects using Jdeveloper.

Recommend future directions of software product releases and help establish product policy.

Scenarios executed by me at Oracle America.Inc. :

Create/Extend domains using FMW components like SOA, BAM, Webcenter (servers used are Weblogic/Websphere)
Install/Configure Oracle database and load/manage schemas for each component using Repository Creation Utility
(RCU)

Configure unicast/multicast CLUSTERS by distributing servers across remote machines or in localhost

Associate domains with external LDAP by migrating/reassociating policy & credential stores. And manage user roles.
Wire all the components to WEBTIER and use OHS port to access my component's home page.

Develop/deploy applications to servers/clusters using WLST, EM & JDeveloper

Monitor/Manage the entire domain (servers/applications) using Enterprise Manager (EM),

Perform automation using DTE(Distributed Topology Environment) by constructing topologies and executing ADE
commands.

Environment: Java (J2EE), XML, Linux, Java Script, Python, Oracle.

Semester Long Master's Degree Project

Smart Software Solutions, Inc — Pierre, SD

Project : Banking application

Developed Banking application using MVC architecture.

This application was developed using Java/J2ee based on the MVC architecture.

It has several modules such as Login, Registration, Money Transfer and Mini statement.

The data in database is managed effectively using RDBMS, J2EE and JDBC.

The Servlet (controller) manages the flow of application. Some custom Exceptions also handled.
Servlet filters are used here to filter the URL requests in the application.

Environment: Java, J2EE (Servlet, JSP), Tomcat, XML, HTML, Java Script,#MVC, Mysql, SQL, PL/SQL, AWT GUI
and Swing GUL.

Software Developer

Anna Silicon Technology, India — City, STATE

Project: Sales and Service Management

It was designed and developed the using J2SE, J2EE, Struts and Oracle technologies. It has couple of modules such as
Sales Management, Customer Management, Inventory, Service Management, and Administration.

Responsibilities:

Involved in Analysis, design, development and testing of the database.

Implemented design patterns - DTO, DAO, and Singleton

Patterns.

JavaScript implemented using validation field Implemented MVC architecture using Struts framework.

DTO, DAO implemented as data services for the application and implemented exception handling for the application.
Implemented Data Source to connect the data base as connection pooling and implemented stored procedures for the
data base operations.

Environment:
Java (J2SE, J2EE), Struts, JSP, Servlets, EJB, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle.

Internship Student

Larsen And Toubro (L&T), India — City, STATE

Project: Construction Enterprise Management (CeMa)

CeMa was designed and developed the using VB and Oracle technologies. CeMa has modules such as Construction
Management, Sales Management, Inventory Management, Salary Management, Service Management, and
Administration.

Responsibility:
Developed GUI (Graphical User Interface) and technical specification of Construction Enterprise Management, a
business management system, for third-party vendors.

Environment: Visual Basic, Oracle.

Master of Science: Computer Science
Illinois Institute of Technology - Chicago, IL

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology : Computer Science
University of Madras - Chennai, India

IBM Mainframe Training Programme
Maxsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. - Chennai, India