SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

LANGUAGES

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Aversatile and creative Project Manager effectively leads and directs projects from inception to launch. More

than 5 years of progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives.
directing project plans, and achieving revenue performance targets.

e MS Office (Word, Excel, PPT, Outlook) e Detail oriented

« Project management and product development e — Effective communication skills

« Budgeting and forecasting e Analytical, organizational, and time management
« Process improvement skills

« Organized

« Recipient of the Discipline Achievement Award for Introduction to Business in 2009 and 2010.
« Recipient of the Discipline Achievement Award for Marketing in 2011.
« Recipient of the Product Team of the Year Award in 2013.

PRODUCT DEVELOPER/PROJECT MANAGER 2014 to CURRENT
Oxford University Press, Inc. | Oxford, Oxon Ox2 6Dp

e Manage project budgets of $700,000.

e Draft project goals, objectives. budgets. complex production schedules, execute action plans, and lead
meetings with brand managers, authors, and subject matter experts to review project status.

e Collaborate with core team members including digital product analysts. brand managers. and director of
digital content in developing/testing/implementing digital tools and platforms to provide market leading
online assessment content and deliver world-class digital content.

e Identify potential supplement authors and subject matter experts, negotiate work-for-hire agreements,
and manage team of 15-25 freelance work based on guidelines established.

DECELOPMENT EDITOR 2009 to 06/2014
Groupm | Saint Petersburg, FL

e Worked closely with authors, editorial team members, design and production, marketing, the sales
force, and additional internal and external customers, following McGraw-Hill's market-driven product
development model.

e Established project goals, objectives. budget, and schedules with Executive Editor.

e Researched and analyzed targeted competition to determine the competitive environment with regard to
textual presentation and pedagogical features.

e Established, implemented, commissioned, and analyzed reviews for market research and development
purposes of print and digital products.

e Prepared and submitted turnover packets and worked in tandem with colleagues in the digital group:
Editorial, Design, and Production: and others to ensure timely publications and/or launch.

e Attended the Summer and Winter American Marketing Association's Educator's Conference, managed
the set-up of booth, and identified the exhibit for potential customers working one-on-one with
customer's explaining new products and features that differentiate from competitors' products.

ASOISTANT ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 01/2008 to 04/2008
Tria Restaurant | River Falls, WI

e Worked on Alaska Airlines, Albertsons, Lucky, and Staples maintaining a working relationship with
clients while managing internal teams to meet deadlines and expectations.

e Coordinated and monitored projects from the inception of a job to final production.

e Conducted a competitive market analysis by going out in the field, compiled key data for competitive
landscape, and interpreted key findings.

e Generated timelines for all print and radio production projects.

e Assisted with weekly client status reports and helped team manage various client requests on a daily
basis.

ASOISTANT MEDIA PLANNER/RESEARCH - FREELANCER 08/2007 to 2008
GenerH Inc | City, STATE

e Worked closely with Media Planning Director and Marketing Team on 2008 media planning and
research for various clients.

e Developed recommendations based on client's target audience and suitable media mix.

e Reviewed statistical data and research reports on consumer demographics. geography, and category
sales trends.

e Created competitive analysis reports and identified key industry trends.

ASOISTANT MEDIA PLANNERICLIENT SERVICES 02/2005 to 03/2007
Mind Share World | City, STATE

e Provided the client with research and development of media plans to efficiently promote client brand.
e Identified target audience and ideal media outlets.

e« Recommended media mix and frequency appropriate to the client's budget and objectives.

e Established competitive analysis reports and identified major trends and significant findings.

e Researched statistical information of Hispanic trends in the market and interpreted findings.

FRONT DESK AGENT 02/2002 to 04/2005
Hyatt Regency Chicago | City, STATE
e Provide courteous and professional service to all hotel guests while up-selling hotel services to
enhance awareness of the hotel's new additions.
e Guest registration and accommodating special requests whenever possible.
e Posting guest charges and providing guests with sufficient documentation of any room billings.

e Handling guest check-ins and check-outs efficiently and in a friendly and professional manner.
e Offered promotion in March 2003 but needed to focus in finishing B.S. in Marketing.

Bachelor of Science | Marketing 2004
DePaul University, Chicago, IL
Minor in Spanish

Bilingual English/Spanish

attention to detail, enthusiastic people person, problem-solving skills. effective communication skills, creative,
resourceful, detail oriented, quick-learner