JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFILE

Innovative engineer with over 29 years at Alcatel-Lucent Inc. (formerly Lucent Technologies and AT&T Bell Labs) in software development,
quality assurance, project management, network integration & deployment support, professional services, and technical lead / management
experience for new software / hardware telecommunications products. Strong strategic thinker and team leader. Ability to adapt quickly and
effectively to new situations and challenges. The expertise needed and the desire wanted.

CoRE QUALIFICATIONS

« SDLC Engineer with over 26 years of expertise in software
design, programming, and verification

¢ Software Quality Assurance Engineer with over 15 years of
software / hardware verification / validation expertise under ISO
9001, Bellcore, and ANSI standards and quality management
systems.

¢ Project Manager with over three years of expertise of large scale

¢ Technical Lead with over 8 years of leading software
development teams for medium to large scaled
telecommunication switching projects.

¢ Web Designer with over 10 years of web design services
expertise for small businesses and non-profits.

¢ Professional Services Engineer with over 3 years of method and
procedures expertise for wireless products.

telecommunication projects

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

09/1985 to Current Software Design Life Cycle Engineer / Developer (Lead)
Ecs Federal — Washington, DC
e C, C++, UNIX Shell, Perl, CSS, and PHP software design and development for real time, embedded
telecommunication systems and support processes.
e Designed and documented software requirements based on customer product teams and Bellcore and ISO standard
documents.
¢ Designed ISO 9001 qualified process called Apt for the department's quality management system.
e Enhanced the ISO 9001 compliant Quick Document Interface (QDI) document control that included the conversion
of a perl based QDI's web interface to PHP 5.
e Technical lead for software / hardware design teams of 5 to 50 software / hardware developers for the introduction
of 15 new features for 7 customers.

09/1985 to Current Software / Hardware Quality Assurance Engineer (Lead)
Alcatell-Lucent — City, STATE
e Executed developer testing, integration testing, system testing, performance testing, stress testing, regression
testing, and conformance / compliance testing of large (750,000 NCL) software and hardware electronic
telecommunication switching systems
e Designed and implemented a propriety testing system that encompassed 10,000 test cases in the quality assurance
of software / hardware telecommunication switching systems that improved quality by 31% over 3 years and
reduced release cycles by 13%.
© Member of the quality assurance team that first met the 99.9999% call throughput for any electronic switching
system in the North America region.
e Release engineer responsible for customer software / hardware quality gate acceptance.
e Technical Lead for a quality assurance team responsible for 27 concurrent releases of software to both wireless and
wirelined customers.

09/1985 to Current Project Manager
Alcatel-Lucent — City, STATE
¢ Managed multiple location product and development team for an IP based connection gateway product.
¢ Interfaced with customer, product team, development team, and the management teams to develop, maintain, and
convey a release schedule to meet market needs.
¢ Technically managed all aspects of development life cycle of product from requirements to verification.
e Single point of contact for management team and development team to coordinate completion of project.

© Developed project plan and coordinated with team members (25 - 30 personnel) to execute it.

2004 to Current Owner - Web Design Services
INTER-connected Web Designs, Ltd — City, STATE
e Provide web site design solutions to the small business market.
¢ Provide web design services targeted at the small business / start-up business market.
e End to end responsibility of company including, marketing, sales, accounting, customer relations, and customer

web site services development and maintenance.
EpucaTIon

Master of Science: Computer Science
Case Western Reserve University - Cleveland, OH
3.6/4.0 GPA

Bachelor of Science: Computer Information System
DeVry University - Columbus, OH
3.96 / 4.00 GPA

TECHNICAL SKILLS

C&CH Expert 26 2013
UNIX / Linux Shell Programming Advanced 15 Current
Web Design - HMTL, CSS, Javascript, Java, & Intermediate 10 Current
PHP

SKILLS

Breadth and depth knowledge of all aspects of the software development life cycle through direct involvement of all stages, software /
hardware quality assurance of medium / large telecommunications switching systems that were first to achieve the 99.9999% call throughput
rating in North America, adaptive to new roles with a very short learning curve - quick productivity, Technical Lead and Project Manager for
large scaled project, ISO 9000 & 9001 quality management system developer, C, C++, Perl, UNIX, Linux, Shell Programming, PHP.
Javascript, JAVA, CSS, HTML, Photoshop, Solaris. SS7, Wireless, Professional Services,