JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Performance and data-driven Magento/Magento 2 Lead Developer with a
passion for Magento, optimization, innovation, complexity in function with simplicity in design, and developer growth. Willing and eager to
direct lean and hungry teams to achieve the highest level of excellence and provide a world-class architecture to better serve the business's

needs.
SKILLS
e Back-End and Database Skills © Decision Making
e User Experience Design e Web Architecture
¢ Complex Problem Solving ¢ DevOps Engineering
e Front-End Skills: HTML, CSS ¢ Ecommerce Integration
e Avid Learner © Developer Elevation through Education
e Analytical Thinking
Work History

01/2021 to Current Senior Magento Developer
Amuse — City, STATE

© Collaborated on all stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production releases.

e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.

¢ Gathered and defined customer requirements to develop clear specifications for project plans.

e Provided dramatic increases in overall site stability and provided solutions for long-term problems affecting D2C

transactions.
e Integrated with a large number of third-party vendors through bespoke API interfaces.

05/2017 to 12/2020 Lead/Senior Magento Developer
Cricut — City, STATE
© Optimized and developed the existing storefront to a very high level
of performance. Decreased individual page loads by as high as six
seconds, down to roughly 1 second, and overall site performance by
three seconds on all pages. Drove development towards best
practices and pushing the limits of our technology stack.

e Worked with numerous teams, each specializing in different
technologies, to bring a coherent cross-platform experience to our
customers. Optimized the integration of our home-made platform
with the Magento platform.

Provided stability and 100% uptime during high-volume periods.
Lead a team of developers and oversaw the weekly release cycle of
a Scrum/Agile development process. Communicated with all
departments in the organization to make our shopping experience as

effective and painless as possible.

Architected the migration and lead the implementation of the
migration process from Magento 1 to the Magento 2 platform.
Trained experienced PHP developers in the specifics of the Magento
platform and its optimization.

09/2016 to 05/2017 Magento/Web Developer
Eystudios — City, STATE

e Developed exceptional websites suited to individual customer needs.
Created, troubleshot, and maintained custom extensions and
modules to increase the out-of-the-box functionality of the Magento
1 and Magento 2 platform.

e Learned the entirety of the Magento 2 platform on the job and have
reached a level of extreme qualification and competence with the
platform.

¢ Migrated several websites from other platforms to Magento 2
including Magento 1, BigCommerce, WooCommerce, and custom-
created PHP platforms. The process included conversion of data
and functionality into Magento data as well as extensions.

e Created and maintained new websites to client speci0cations,
working in close order with other developers as well as designers
and client relations specialists to provide the optimal website for
client needs.

¢ Spoke with clients during kick-off calls and made data-driven
recommendations to them based on their sales goals, time frame,
and budget. Conveyed high-level technical concepts into digestible
language for non-technical persons. Often served as preferred point
of contact for new technical requests and questions.

05/2014 to 03/2016 Magento/Web Developer
Vaperite — City, STATE

¢ Troubleshot and resolved web application issues escalated from
customer support and other departments with a 100% success rate.
Assisted in the monitoring and reporting on website tra3c and
performance. Improved reliability of supply chain software, systems,
database and order processing.

¢ Developed and managed project plans while providing status
updates to management. Served as operating system expert,
providing technical support for entire organization.

e Redesigned the retail website to CEO's specifications. Used CSS,
HTML, and PHP 5 to customize the website.

© Updated and maintained 3dcart wholesale website.
Performed daily updates and changes to the retail website including
the addition of new products and management of extensions.

e Customized a lightweight PHP-based application for label indexing
and management.

© Coordinated technical efforts between IT, POS, and Product
managers to achieve improved e3ciency.

© Modified third-party extensions to improve their functionality with the
existing Magento framework.

EpucATION

Bachelor of Arts: English Education
Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN

05/2019 High School Diploma
Milton High School - Alpharetta, GA

LANGUAGES
Dutch: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Japanese:

Negotiated: