JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Former U_S. Navy veteran with 4 years of experience in software engineering who seeks employment as part of a dynamic software
development team. Have 2 years of experience developing web applications using web technologies such as AngularJS, HTML, JQuery, and
CSS and about 2 years of experience in developing mobile applications for the 10S platform using swift and 10S SDK.

RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IOS Developer, 04/2021 - Current
Two95 International Inc. — Roseville, CA
e Developed native 10S product compatible with iPhone and iPad devices.
¢ Collaborated with development team in architectural design and decisions.
e Worked with Atlassian products such as Jira for tracking and updating user stories and sprint progress.
* Utilized Confluence as a tool for documenting and referencing technical project work.
e Used Carthage package manager in importing and managing project's third-party libraries and dependencies.
e Used GitHub as a versioning control tool to manage project's source code history.
e Used ARC to handle memory management efficiently.
¢ Developed 10S native application to support various screen sizes and orientations for iPhone and iPad using Size Class.

* Utilized the Combine framework in building a reactive application.

IOS Developer/React Native Developer, 03/2021 - Current
Pointclickcare — Houston, TX
¢ Collaborated in implementing responsive 10S native applications using Swift and the latest technologies to provide users with a smooth
and intuitive user experience.
e Followed Apple's Human Interface guidelines to create products aligned with 10S UI norms.
e Created reusable components that can be applied to 10S applications developed throughout the organization.
« Managed and implemented data state across application using Redux and Redux-thunk (as middleware to manage Asynchronous data).
* Conducted interviews to evaluate possible future 10S developer candidates to meet the development team's staffing capacity.
* Provided continuous maintenance and bug fixes for the existing application to improve usability and user experience.
e Wrote unit tests on the existing React Native and 10S codebase to meet a minimum of 80% code coverage using Javascript and iOS testing
frameworks such as JestJS and XCTests, respectfully.

Junior IOS Developer, 01/2019 - 09/2020
Anthem, Inc. — City, STATE
e Have about 2 years 10S development experience in Swift.
¢ Proficient in 10S application development using native frameworks like Core Graphics, PushKit, AVFoundation, and UIKit.
e Improved product quality through code reviews, writing effective unit tests and collaborating with QA on implementing automation
testing.
e Work along with other engineers and developers in formulating and deciding on solutions to technical problems.
e Reviewed client requirements, wireframes, and designs for technical feasibility.
e Experience writing code following MVC architecture.
e Integrated ForeSee SDK to enable customer feedback on application usage.
¢ Collaborated with the scrum team to translate client requirements into implementable user stories.
¢ Developed reusable custom components for 10S applications.
e Experience in concurrent programming working with operation queues and dispatch queues.
e Worked with source control tools such as Bitbucket.
e Experience with agile/scrum tools.
e Experience with RESTful, JSON, XML, and SOAP Web Services.
¢ Used Jira to maintain project and sprint level progress and development.
e Implemented remote feature flag capability using LaunchDarkly SDK for continue integration (CI) support.

AngularJS/Mobile Developer, 09/2016 - 01/2019
Anthem Inc. — City, STATE
e 2+ experience in developing web application in AngularJS, HTML, and CSS.
¢ Worked with product designers and product managers to design user interactions in applications.
e Tested features across various browsers.
¢ Implemented push notifications functionality into Android and 10S mobile platform.
e Fixed bugs as were encountered.
* Conducted design and code reviews to share knowledge with development team.
* Designed and maintained Web and Mobile applications.
¢ Collaborated with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences.
e Assisted Anthem in cost savings of up to 150,000/year through migration of cross-platform Mobile Application framework from IBM
Worklight to Apache Cordova.
¢ Implemented build tools including Gulpjs into mobile applications.
¢ Performed and implemented unit tests on several sections of Anthem's Mobile Application using Jasmine framework.
e Modularized front-end CSS and JS code with Sass.
¢ Develop rich SPA using AngularJS javascript framework.

WorK EXPERIENCE

Auxiliary Machinery Operator and Supervisor, 05/2007 - 11/2012
U.S. Navy — Newport News, VA
e Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of auxiliary machinery systems.
e Successfully trained and led a team responsible for maintenance, operation, and supervision of essential power plant auxiliaries.
e Repaired and restored large emergency power plant diesel engine worth over 2 million dollars during overseas deployment.
« Dismantled and inspected components and adjusted and repaired them as necessary.
e Trained, directed and instructed over 6 apprentices and helpers.
e Maintained logs, lists and files and promptly completed all necessary paperwork.

Cashier, 05/2005 - 06/2007
Taco Bell — Kissimmee, FL
e Accepted payment by from customers and made changes as necessary.
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
e Worked with customer service to resolve issues.
¢ Operated cash register with proficiency.
e Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.

Food Service, 03/2004 - 04/2005
Disney World — Orlando, FL
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
e Cleaned and straightened work area.
e Responsible for daily set up of multipleGreeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas stations.
e Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

EDUCATION

Master of Science: Computer Science, 2024
Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 2020
Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR
GPA 3.25

BBA: Information Systems and Technology, 2016
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA
GPA 3.4

BBA: Economics, 2016
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA

SKILLS

© Swift « CSS

* Mobile App Development e HTML

e REST e React Native
e JavaScript e IOS