Jessica CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Summary

¢ More than six years of experience in designing, developing and testing middleware applications using MuleSoft ESB, WebSphere
MQ

¢ Good experience using mule connectors like DB, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FILE, SFTP, JMS, Salesforce, SAP etc... as a part of
integration usage.

¢ Good understanding and implementation experience of WS-security, digital signatures, message encryption & decryption, SSL
concepts and its implementation in Mule ESB and DataPower.

¢ Good Experience with Software development Life Cycle.

¢ Good Experience in creating API specification, implement REST and SOAP services.

¢ Good experience using Mule ESB with Connectors, transformations, Routing, ActiveMQ, JMS and Data Transformations using
Mule ESB.

e Experience with DB2 and Oracle Databases, Stored Procedure creation and DB integration with Mule ESB.

e Experienced in publishing message flows as web services using HTTP and SOAP nodes for SOAP and RESTful web services
implementation.

e Experience in Waterfall, Agile and JIRA for agile Management

e Experience in multiple project life cycles design, implementation, testing and launching of the SOA Releases.

e Strong experience with Problem determination, Route cause Analysis and Defect resolution

Skills

DataBase: Oracle, DB2, Sybase, MS SQL SERVER WSDL, JAXP, JAXB

Operating Systems: Windows, Linux distributions, UNIX Testing Tools: nit, Junit, Soap UI, Postman, XML Spy, TOAD,
Tools: Jenkins, Maven, ANT, HP ALM, Jira, ServiceNow, Mingle Putty,

Mule Integration: Mule ESB 3.5/3.6/3.7/3.8/3.9/4, TIBCO, FileZilla

Anypoint Servers: Tomcat, WebLogic, WAS, Mule runtime

Studio, API Management, CloudHub, SOAP, Restful WS,

Experience

Sr. API/Mulesoft Developer, 05/2018 to Current
Ibm Corporation — Bern, KS
Responsibilities:

e Conduct client meetings, understand requirements and produced various documents.

e Create Request transformer, Response transformers, Custom Components and configured them in Mule-config.xml.

e Create and follow MuleSoft API Error Handling and Logging Standards while building any API's.

¢ Develop Event publisher and Event Catalog to fulfill the core functionality of event messaging framework —Rabbit MQ, namely
to allow applications to publish business events to subscribed systems.

e Create RAML 1.0 specification file based on blueprint mapping document in Anypoint portal’s API manager.

e Use API-Kit Router and CXF to build the initial flow structure from the RAML and WSDL.

e Use MuleSoft flow-control palette to optimize message processing, specifically in Scatter-Gather & Choice-Router to call multiple
services in parallel and a specific function based on information from the request.

¢ Implement API security policies (as set by API manager), applied to all client-facing proxy APIs for CORS, OAUTH2.0 access
token enforcement, ClientID enforcement and Rate Limiting - SLA Based and also Secured Mule service endpoints using
OAuth2.0, HTTPS and SSO.

e Create MUnit test cases for all System, Orchestration, and Experience API's.

e Monitor the Server by using PuTTY, WinSCP, Splunk, MuleSoft Runtime Manager and Co-operated with MuleSoft Admin team
when they got a suspicious alert from Anypoint portal.

¢ Migrate All the API's from Mule Server Runtime 3.9.1 to 4.2.2 and deployed in new server as part of the decision of Capella’s
Service oversight Committee and Management.

¢ Functional/end-to-end testing, Integration testing using Anypoint Portal, SOAPUI and Postman and co-operated with UAT /
Business team to make them satisfy.

Environment: Mule ESB, Anypoint Studio, Cloud Hub, ActiveMQ, RAML, ActiveMQ, APM, Nexus, Apache-Maven, CloudHub,
XML, XSLT, CSS, Ajax, JSTL, LDAP, PL/SQL, SQL, Log4J, Web Services - WSDL, SOAP, CXF, Jenkins.

Mulesoft Developer, 02/2016 to 04/2018
Chenega Mios - Omaha, NE
Responsibilities:
e Implement Security mechanisms like Security Certificates, key Exchange, Encryption, Decryption and OAuth Authentication &
Authorization using Access Token and SM session cookie.
e Create HTTP inbound & outbound flows, custom java and XSLT transformers and Security of Mule endpoint.
¢ Participate in daily scrum meetings to discuss the progress of the project and any blockage of the work and the solution of the
block.
e Use HP-ALM to track defects in DEV, TEST and STAGE environments
¢ Build Deploy and Test applications or flows using Mule ESB and build and deployed the services.
e Design and develop enterprise services API specification using RAML and REST schema.
e Create Mule application that uses connectors SFDC, Message Transformer, Choice Exception Strategies, Batch processing.
¢ Developed the flows/orchestrations for integrating the components written on top of different internal platforms using Mule ESB
and ActiveMQ.
e Create Mule ESB helper class to call the Mule flow, connection end point and connectors.
e Implement Mule flows for each entity with retry mechanisms with private secured flows.
e Built JAX-RS services and exposed them using REST component.
¢ Implement Exception Handling, Logging, and Error Handling.
¢ Build and Deployment of services in Mule ESB 3.7.3 server.
¢ Manage performance of the services by using “Scatter and gather” and “choice router”
¢ Code walk-throughs, Mule Debugging, and Error fixing..
Environment: Java, Mulesoft, MMC, Anypoint Studio, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Servlets, Nexus, JSP, JSON, JMS, CloudHub, GitHub,
Web Logic Application Serverl0.3, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH, JAXP, JAXB, WSDL, SOAP, Spring MVC.

Java Developer, 07/2014 to 08/2016
Wells Fargo — Mankato, MN
Responsibilities:
e Requirements gathering from the clients customers.
e Analyzing requirements and converting them into technical specifications.
e Fixing the timelines to complete the tasks by checking with functional business leads.
¢ Studied the application architecture and re-designed according to the requirement.
¢ NPI Not a public Information data masking
e VTA application integration with other Applications
¢ Involved in deploying the application under WAS Server
e Used XML Web Services using SOAP and Apache Axis to transfer the amount to other application that is remote and global to
different financial institutions.
¢ Configured the POJOs with backend tables in Hibernate to achieve the associations.
¢ Implemented Hibernate to persist the data into Database and wrote HQL based queries to implement CRUD operations on the
data.
¢ Implemented Spring MVC controllers like Controller, Simple Form Controller.
e Implemented Spring MVC framework in the presentation tier for all the essential control
¢ Used SVN for version control across common source code used by developers.
¢ Working on the Defects which is raised by QC team.
¢ Working on the production support 24 7 for Video teller Agent Application.
Environment: Java, Eclipse, J2ee,GWT, Hibernate, Spring, SOAP webservices,
Apache Axis,
DB2 and WAS server

SQL Developer, 04/2012 to 06/2014

US Bank - City, STATE

Responsibilities:

e Responsible for all the servers which are running on a SQL platform

(SQL Server 2005/ 2008).

e Setup multiple Nodes (Active/ Passive) in SQL Servers to add the clustering
feature.

e Managed SQL Server databases and Configure failover cluster.

e Plan and modify SQL Server Permissions in quarterly basis.

e Create databases and schedule backups (Transaction log backup, Differential
backup and Full backup) with Recovery sessions (Simple or Full).

e Setup and maintain Replication for Production servers to provide high
availability and monitor using Replication Monitor.

e Setup Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job steps with automated Response solution
schedules.

e Frequently Monitor Connections, Locks and Database Performance.

e Reviewed and optimized SQL queries, CDC, stored procedures, functions,
Indexes, views and triggers.

e Created an internal secured website linking to the database that includes
updated information about all Target SQL Servers information.

Tools: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, MS-Excel, DTS, Visual Studio 2008, SQL profiler.
Education and Training

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 10/2009
Mekelle University - Ethiopia

Certifications

Mulesoft Certified Developer -Level 1 (Mule 4), 2019