JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Solution-driven Full-stack Developer adept at contributing to highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions and determining
customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused websites using HTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript. Built products for
desktop and mobile app users over 10+ years, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices and speed. Designed
and developed web applications across multiple APIs, third-party integrations and databases.

SKILLS

e Front-End Programming: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, React and React « Agile Workflow

native e JavaScript
¢ Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub e PHP
« Back-End and Database Skills © Wordpress
e Express JS
Worx History

08/2021 to Current Web Developer
Arthur J Gallagher & Co. — Lubbock, TX
¢ Planned website development, converting mockups into usable web presence with HTML, JavaScript (ReactJS,
GatsbyJS), AJAX, JSON coding and PHP( Wordpress)
e Provided front-end website development using WordPress, Hubspot and other editing software.
© Coded websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery languages.
e Engaged with clients to plan and optimize site issues and queries.
e Oversaw back-end development using PHP to maintain website integrity.
e Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.

01/2021 to 08/2021 Software Development Engineer
Keurig Dr Pepper
© Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.
¢ Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release software
project development.
e Discussed issues with team members to provide resolution and apply best practices.
e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.
¢ Documented technical workflows and knowledge to educate newly hired employees.
e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.
¢ Participated in software field testing to verify performance of developed projects.

07/2020 to 01/2021 React Native Developer
Cognizant Technology Solutions
© Developed software for desktop and mobile operating systems.
¢ Translated customer requirements into written use cases.
e Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces to improve user experience.
© Collaborated on stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production releases.
e Designed reusable and reliable code for use within distributed cloud environments.
¢ Designed customized solutions for proposals to potential customers.

02/XXX1 to 06/2020 Full Stack Web Developer
Check Point Software Technologies
© Developed efficient and maintainable software according to business objectives and needs of clients.
e Maintained complex technology infrastructure and collaborated with product team to implement new features and
strategically plan for future products.
© Used Javascript, SQL and HTML to develop app-solutions.
e Liaised with rebranding experts to optimize websites for increased conversion rates.
* Used NodeJS, ORM and SQL/No-SQL to develop and manage databases.
* Developed functional databases, applications and servers to support websites on back-end.
e Contributed ideas and suggestions in team meetings and delivered updates on deadlines, designs and

enhancements.
EpucaTIon
12/XXX2 Bachelor of Science: Engineering Technology
Universidad De Ciencia Y Desarrollo - Colombia
LANGUAGES
Spanish: English:
es
Native or Bilingual Professional Working
Negotiated: Negotiated:

Wesstres, PortTFoiios, PROFILES
© https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessica-Claire-252b8574/
SKILLS

e Front-End Programming: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, React and React native
e Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub

¢ Back-End and Database Skills

« Express JS

« Agile Workflow

e JavaScript

e PHP

* Wordpress

Work History

08/2021 to Current Web Developer
Endava — Lodi, NJ
e Planned website development, converting mockups into usable web presence with HTML, JavaScript (ReactJS,
GatsbyJS), AJAX, JSON coding and PHP( Wordpress)
¢ Provided front-end website development using WordPress, Hubspot and other editing software.
© Coded websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery languages.
e Engaged with clients to plan and optimize site issues and queries.
e Oversaw back-end development using PHP to maintain website integrity.
¢ Discussed site and app requirements with clients to produce actionable development plans.

01/2021 to 08/2021 Software Development Engineer
Torrens University
© Updated old code bases to modern development standards, improving functionality.
¢ Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release software
project development.
¢ Discussed issues with team members to provide resolution and apply best practices.
e Planned and developed interfaces that simplified overall management and offered ease of use.
¢ Documented technical workflows and knowledge to educate newly hired employees.
e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.
e Participated in software field testing to verify performance of developed projects.

07/2020 to 01/2021 React Native Developer
Cafeto Software
© Developed software for desktop and mobile operating systems.
e Translated customer requirements into written use cases.
¢ Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces to improve user experience.
¢ Collaborated on stages of systems development lifecycle from requirement gathering to production releases.
e Designed reusable and reliable code for use within distributed cloud environments.
e Designed customized solutions for proposals to potential customers.

02/XXXX1 to 06/2020 Full Stack Web Developer
LAE International Education

© Developed efficient and maintainable software according to business objectives and needs of clients.

© Maintained complex technology infrastructure and collaborated with product team to implement new features and
strategically plan for future products.

¢ Used Javascript, SQL and HTML to develop app-solutions.

e Liaised with rebranding experts to optimize websites for increased conversion rates.

e Used NodeJS, ORM and SQL/No-SQL to develop and manage databases.

¢ Developed functional databases, applications and servers to support websites on back-end.

e Contributed ideas and suggestions in team meetings and delivered updates on deadlines, designs and
enhancements.