JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Professional effective in leading and directing Healthcare, Child Welfare training, and Organizational Development projects from inception to
launch. More than 20 years of progressive experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives, directing project plans and

achieving revenue performance targets.

Personable and successful at building strong professional relationships. Manages large and complex projects while maintaining high team
morale and energy. Skilled facilitator, mentor, and mediator who excels at bringing out the best in team members.

HIGHLIGHTS
* Process improvement e e-learning development & delivery
e Multi-unit operations management e Curriculum development & delivery
* Contract management e Assessment, Investigation, & Intervention
¢ Relationship building
e Work flow planning
EXPERIENCE

Curriculum Developer, Instructor, Lecturer, and Trainer, 02/2009
State Of North Carolina — Monroe, NC
¢ Develop comprehensive child welfare/child protection policy and Social Services Information System (SSIS) curriculum.
¢ Deliver training and provide broad-based technical and Help Desk assistance for state, county and tribal human services staff.
© Deliver Social Services Information System (SSIS) - New Worker and Basics, Specialized/Customized trainings, Pilot, and Release
training.
e Provide advanced level child welfare policy and technical assistance on the SSIS computer application to state, county and tribal social
human services Child Welfare (CW)/Child Protection (CP), Vulnerable Adult, Common Entry Point (VA-CEP) and (SSIS).
e Authored and design the social services user manuals, modules, and job aids; training curriculum; CP/CW policy and application
documentation and training series for diverse social services and child welfare systems.
¢ Provide training development consultation, coaching, strategy, team interventions. comprehensive course curriculum, and training
facilitation to county and state employees.
e Design employee development guides for curriculum standards.
* Created a comprehensive Title IV-E training needs assessment, analysis, and Organizational Development plan for changes.
¢ Developed and designed curriculum standards and editing standards.
¢ Primary editor of all training materials provided by the agency.
¢ Develop training manuals, course structures, and delivery methods for diverse social service environments.
* Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
e Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.

Realtor Independent Contractor, 2005
Bluegreen Resorts — Bridgeport, CT
¢ Developed an independent goal oriented sales business.
e Manage all public relations, marketing, and financial accounting.
e Excel in public relations, human resources, marketing, and procedures administration.
e Sell and Purchase property and Lead new home construction from start to finish.
e Minnesota Licensed Salesperson.
© Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.
¢ Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes.
¢ Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
e Monitored costs, timescales and resources
¢ Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.
e Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.
e Audited work plans
e Managed budget of up to $500,000.00.

Board Member, 2012 - 04/2015
Twin Cities Academy High School — City, STATE
e Determine the mission and strategic direction of the school.
¢ Contribute and nurture the school through organizational development and continuous improvement changes.
e Ensure availability of staffing and financial resources.
¢ Built and energized diversity efforts within the school.
¢ Monitor and evaluate the performance principal, and the director of financial operations.
¢ Develop, approve, and implement policies.

e Participated on multi-disciplinary and multi-level teams.

Senior State Government Programs Coordinator, 05/2006 - 05/2007
UCare — City, STATE

¢ Led the coordination, design, development, and administration of regulatory requirements from the State Minnesota for Public Programs:
Prepaid Medical Assistance (PMAP), General Assistance Medical Care (GAMC), Minnesota Senior Care (MSC), Minnesota Senior Care
Plus (MSC+) and Special Needs plans: Minnesota Senior Health Options (MSHO) and Minnesota Disability Health Options (MNDHO).

¢ Develop and implement a strategic audit process with internal departments in preparation of the Minnesota Department of Human Services
(DHS), External Quality Review Organization (EQRO), Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) on site audits.

* Develop a comprehensive system to monitor post audit tracking mechanisms, including Corrective Action Plan (CAP) and Performance
Improvement Plan (PIP).

e Project manager for the healthcare product development.

e State and county liaison for program administration, county program development, and product implementation.

* Coordinate and monitor regulatory and contractual compliance communications with the counties, Department of Human Services (DHS),
and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) as it applies to the MNDHO product.

* Coordinate the response for any state and county Request for Proposal (RFP) for State Public Programs.

¢ Led the development and launch of a continuous improvement plan to focus on employee collaboration across departments.

e Managed and participated on multi-disciplinary and multi-level teams across the company.

¢ Developed new analytics tool to allow senior management to understand the impact of each project.

e Partnered with Chef Medical Director and Clinical Services to address County Satisfaction.

e Audited annual department work plans and offered recommendations for improvements.

¢ Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.

¢ Monitored costs, timescales and resources used to achieve new product development.

¢ Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes.

Social Worker, 08/1999 - 05/2006
Dakota County Social Service — City, STATE

* Provide case management and assessment of cases for waiver services, long-term care consultations and services, child protective services,
family services, adult and children's mental health, disabled and vulnerable adults and children and parent-child conflict.

e Effectively engage individuals/families to assess and evaluate program eligibility, needs, strengths, safety, and risk management.

e Investigated and assessed evidence for reports of child maltreatment, completed maltreatment determinations, collaborate with parties.

¢ Develop recommendations for service needs with clients, and monitor progress toward achieving identified goals.

¢ Develop. monitor, and evaluated client service and treatment plans.

e Provide case management to voluntary and involuntary Child Protection clients.

* Create and analyze Structured Decision Making (SDM) tools to assess safety and risk factors for children in the home and for reunification
planning.

« Compile written reports and recommendations for juvenile court proceedings.

* Collaborate with the County Attorney, law enforcement, probation and parole, and other relevant service providers.

¢ Provide Long-term Care Consultations, develop outcome-based plans, and manage waiver funds.

e Maintain and apply knowledge of relevant program policies, procedures, and statutes for federal, state, and local programs: Federal, state
and local programs include: such as Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI/BI), Community Alternatives for Disabled Individuals (CADI),
Community Alternative Care (CAC), Elderly Watver (EW) and Alternative Care Grant (AC), Medicaid, Medicare, and Child Protective
Services.

« State of Minnesota, DHS, Financial Operations.

© Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

* Delivered status reports to stakeholders for assessment, investigation, planning, and intervention purposes.

* Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines. purposes.

Reimbursement Collection Officer, 05/1995 - 05/1999
Minnesota Department Of Human Services — City, STATE
* Collect state account receivables from Consolidated Chemical Dependency Treatment Fund (CCTDF), Tax Equity and Fiscal
Responsibility Act (TEFRA) Parental Fee and Regional Treatment Center (RTC) clients, county agencies, and/or alternative payees.
e Authorize representative to act on the states behalf in obtaining judgments, liens, offset taxes, conduct appeals, research and re-determine
financial ability to pay.
¢ Consult the Attorney General's office for legal advice.
¢ Develop and provide training on program policy, procedures, and statutes.

Principal Financial Worker, 10/1991 - 05/1995
Hennepin County Economic Assistance — City, STATE
* Conduct eligibility interviews, emergency assistance applications, and ongoing annual rectification interviews for family public assistance
programs (e.g., Minnesota Family Investment Program (MFIP), Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP/Food Stamps),
Medical Assistance (MA), Emergency Assistance (EA), General Assistance/Minnesota Supplemental Aid (GA’/MSA), and Refugee Cash
Assistance (RCA).
¢ Coordinated shelter for homeless families, worked with community agencies and employers to resolve family crisis and assist families to
self- sufficiency.
¢ Determine financial eligibility for public programs.

Assistant Supervisor, 1987 - 10/1991
HEMAR Service Corporation — City, STATE
¢ Provide oversight for student loan application, approval, and serving for alternative loans (e.g., SELF, NCLP, MBA, LAL/LSL, and MSL).
e Work directly with financial aid offices, insurer, pull credit and determine eligibility for the loan programs.
e Assisted colleges/universities, lenders, origination department, Insurer (HICA) and clients with loan approval, servicing and collection
needs.
e Research accounts errors, make adjustments, complete billing errors, and apply payment corrections.
¢ Facilitate conflict resolution and Organizational Development to lead the unit into an automatic call system, automated payment processing
system, and automated credit scoring system.
¢ Develop and led training for new staff and staff development.
* Supervisory, leadership, and management of 25 staff members, including the selection, training. discipline, and performance appraisals,
staffing, motivation, employee engagement, and payroll.
e Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.
¢ Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
¢ Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.
¢ Developed new analytics tool to allow senior management to understand the impact of each project.
e Partnered with HICA and other Originators to address automatic credit search and payment processing systems.

e Audited [Number] work plans and offered recommendations for improvements.

EDUCATION

Ed.D: Transformational Leadership, 2018
Concordia University - Portland, OR
Doctoral candidate in Transformational Leadership

MBA: Business Administration, 2013
Concordia University - St Paul, MN

Thesis: "Continuous Improvement Needs in Government Organizations"

Certificate: Board Governance, Employment Law, and Financial Accounting, 2013
University of St. Thomas - St Paull, MN

Master of Arts: Organization Management, 2008
Concordia University - St. Paul, MN
Organization Management "The Role and Status of Women in China".

Certificate: Real Estate Licensing, 2005
Kaplan - Bloomington, MN
Real Estate Salesperson

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, 1996
University of St Thomas - St Paul, MN
Psychology

Select One
St Paul

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Minnesota Board of Social Work, St. Paul, MN License: Licensed Graduate Social Worker (LGSW) - 2013
e 2013 St Paul Area Associations of Realtors, St. Paul, MN License: Real Estate Salesperson - 2006

SKILLS

Training/Instruction modalities - Computer lab, presentation, classroom, webinar, online (no face-to-face), blended learning (combination of
online and face-to-face), synchronous, asynchronous, instructor-led group chats, self-study, web-based, computer-based (CD-ROM), and video/
audio tape.

Project management skills- Develop, design, and provide analysis of technology systems. Process improvement, Organizational Development,
Multi-unit operations management, Organized, Human resources, risk management, facilitator (conflict management, team building, project
management, LEAN, and Kiazen), Results-oriented, Contract managementRelationship building, Systems implementation, Productivity
improvement, Work flow planning, Detail-oriented, Managed and supported multi-disciplinary and multi-level teams across divisions.

Technical lead for training unit - SharePoint design and Division Site Owner, MS Office, Crystal reports, Pathlore, Web Based E-learning
training development lead- Telepresence, webcast, webinar, Video Conferencing, iLinc, Adobe Cloud, Adobe Connect, WebCT, Blackboard, Go
to Meeting, Captivate, Camtasia, Vidyo and (VPC.).