JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

e Web developer with 8 years of experience in full-stack Web applications, including database design and development, network architecture
and security, software design and development, and Web-based application development using Java/JEE, SOA, REST, NoSQL,
MongoDB, Redis, RabbitMQ, Amazon Web Services, AWS Elastic Compute, Cloud EC2 , Core Java Multi-Threading, Collections,
Regex, JMX, JDBC, NIO, Serialization, JAAS, Networking . JEE Technologies JSP, JSTL, Servlets, JPA . Web Services, JMS, Javascript,
ExtIS, JQuery, JSON.

e Experienced in Development, Testing and Deployment of enterprise applications on Windows, Linux and UNIX platforms using IDE's
such as Eclipse, IntelliJ.

e Experience in complete software development and product life cycle using Agile (SCRUM) and Water Fall methodologies.

* Proficient in using Java § new features, including lambda expressions. Optional, and Streams, in improving the performance and
expressiveness of code.

* Strong understanding of object-oriented programming(OOP) principles, including encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism, and
design patterns.

e Experience in deploying the applications on clustered and standalone Weblogic Servers and maintaining Load balancing, failover, high
availability and session replication.

e Experience in Spring MVC (Model View Controller)architecture with various java/J2EE design patterns like DAO, DTO, POJO,
Singleton, and Factory.

e Experienced in developing web applications using Vue.js and Angular, including proficiency in component-based architecture, reactive
programming. and front-end development tools.

e Used Micro service architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Apache Kafka message
brokers and Developed data pipeline using Apache Kafka, including experience with topics, partitions, consumers, and producers.

* Good performance in Microservices with Spring Cloud which contains Eureka, Ribbon, Hystrix, Zuul, Spring Cloud Config.

e Experience in working with messaging systems like Kafka, Event Sourcing, RabbitMQ and Active MQ.

e Skilled in using Swagger for API documentation and testing, including creating and maintaining endpoint documents and facilitating
collaboration with front-end developers.

* Proficient in using object-relational mapping (ORM) and Java Persistence API (JPA) tools, including Hibernate and Mybatis, in
efficiently mapping objects to relational databases and reducing the complexity of database interactions.

e Experienced in working with SQL databases, such as Oracle and MySQL, and hands-on knowledge of NoSQL databases, including
Cassandra, MongoDB. and Redis, for managing large data sets.

¢ Proficient in using Amazon Web Services (AWS) to design, develop, and deploy cloud-based applications, including experience with
EC2, EBS, $3, RDS, and Amazon Watch.

e Effective team member with exceptional time management skills and the capacity to work under pressure. Strong analytic skills and the
ability to quickly comprehend clients’ business needs.

Strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work independently and in a team with minimal oversight.

SKILLS
¢ Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, SQL, R. e Database: SQL, MySQL, MongoDB, MS Access, MS-SQL server,
e J2EE Technologies: Spring IOC, Spring AOP, Spring MVC, DynamoDB, Redis.
Servlets, JSP. JDBC. Web Service. e Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP Server,
e Framework Tools: Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Spring Security, WebSphere MQ.
Spring Cloud. ® Version Control/Testing Tools: Git, SVN, CI/CD, Gradle, Jenkins,
e Web Technologies: HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, REST, Maven, Junit, Postman.

JQuery, VUE, Angular.

WorK HISTORY

Sr. Full Stack Developer, 08/2019 - Current

Horizontal — San Francisco, CA

Project Description: Udemy is a popular massive open online course provider for its extensive library of courses, frequent sales, and diversity
of instructors. Udemy's personal plan is a subscription service that gives users access to various courses on the platform. With a personal plan.
users can take as many courses as they want, as often as possible, and at their own pace. The personal plan also includes downloadable course
materials and the ability to track your progress. It charges recursive monthly or yearly but also provides seven days of free trials and cancel
anytime function. In addition, the personal plans will use big data to analyze the difference in course behavior and preferences between paid and
free users to provide data for the commercial team.

Responsibility

¢ Involved in complete software development cycle, including requirement analysis, design, implementation, testing, and maintenance.

¢ Implemented all functionality by using Spring Boot and Hibernate ORM. Implemented Java EE components using Spring MVC, Spring
IOC, Spring transactions, and Spring security modules.

« Developed internal API's using GraphQL, node.js, Apollo - client (for data fetching and management) and used MongoDB for fetching
the schema.

¢ Developed responsive web application pages, used Vue.js services, controllers, and directives for front-end UI, and consumed SOAP and
REST web service API.

e Implemented REST-based microservices using spring framework, Eureka (Service discovery mechanism), and used REST Client and
POSTMAN to test services.

¢ Processed Error Handling on various RESTful web services to return correct HTTP status codes and wrote Automation Tests in Java to
validate end-to-end business functionality for RESTful SOAP services.

e Ran log aggregations, customer activity tracking, and commit logs for distributed systems using Apache Kafka. Analyze course learning
patterns between individual and personal plan subscribers.

e Designing and developing a database, troubleshooting, resolving errors, and optimizing database performance. Worked with complex SQL
queries for retrieving and reporting customer data and used various concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, sharing. replication,
and schema design.

* Utilized Swagger to streamline API documentation and testing, resulting in improved collaboration and faster development of front-end
features.

¢ Designed and managed public/private cloud infrastructures using AWS Cloud Watch, allowing automated operations and monitoring
applications. Worked with Jenkins under CI/CD pipeline providing continuous improvement to agile software development teams.

¢ Developed unit test cases using framework for testing code accuracy, and logging is done using SLF4j + Log4j. Worked with defect
tracking system JIRA.

Environment: J2EE, Java 1.8, Vue JS, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, Spring, Spring boot, Web Services (RESTFUL & SOAP), MongoDB, DB2,
Hibernate, SQL, Apache CXF, MVC, JSON, Unix, Linux, Log4j, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, JIRA, EC2, $3, Cloud watch, AWS
Lambda.

Senior Java Engineer, 05/2016 - 08/2019
Change Healthcare — Cary, NC
Project Description: Deutsche Bank(DB) is a German multinational investment bank and financial services company. It is one of the world's
largest banks, operating in over 70 countries. The project Personal Loan Transactions is a web application functional for DB users. The scope
includes supporting DB Loan Programs by providing all functionalities required for a loan application. There are numerous modules to record
information, including those for property closing and funding, borrower credit pricing, other credits, and authorization. Hibernate and Java were
used in the development of this system. It is an n-tier application that connects to the Oracle database using Hibernate as the database
technology.
Responsibility:
¢ Collaborated with Scrum Agile team members to review user stories and support requirements and translate them into system design:
assisted Scrum Masters in developing release plans and scheduling project milestones.
* Developed technical design documents (specifications) based on functional design documents (business requirements). Estimation and
analysis for new development/enhancement projects come up with high/low-level design documents.
e Designed and developed new Metro code functionalities component developed on UI layers using HTML, XML, XSLT, Controller class,
10 classes, SOAP services for generic metro code information, and back-end store procedures.
¢ Used Eureka server to provide reusable and maintainable services by registering existing services based on Spring Cloud.
¢ Created Spring POJO classes and completed Spring MVC configuration for Collateral Property, Multifamily & Commercial loan
modules.
¢ Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) framework and Spring regarding flow of requests by Dispatcher Servlet.
¢ Used Rabbit MQ for getting requests from listener and Queuing them to worker when available.
¢ Worked on creating DAOs and configured DAOs to perform Oracle database operations through spring JDBC.
e Worked on troubleshooting issues found during integration with other systems by debugging applications.
Environment: J2EE, Java 1.8, JSP, HTML, XML, XSLT, Servlet, Spring, Spring boot, Web Services (RESTFUL & SOAP), Oracle, Hibernate,
SQL, Apache CXF, MVC, JSON, Unix, Linux, Log4j, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, JIRA, Putty, EC2, $3.

Java Developer, 10/2014 - 05/2016
Charles Schwab Corporation — Chico, CA
Project Description: Dot&Bo was an online retailer that sold furniture and home decor products. The company was known for its modern,
stylish designs and its focus on providing high-quality products at affordable prices. Dot&Bo offered a wide range of furniture and decor items,
including seating, tables, storage, lighting, bedding, and more. The company's website also featured a design inspirations section, where
customers could find ideas and tips for decorating their homes. Development of the Dot&Bo eCommerce website included functionalities like
product browsing and search, customer login, order placement, and payment.
Responsibility:

¢ Involved extensively in most phases of Software Development Life Cycle. Involved in system's analysis. design, and development and

created specifications writing Use Cases and Class Diagrams.

¢ Involved in developing user interfaces using AngularJS, HIML/HTMLS, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS3.

e Integrated Spring MVC with Hibernate on server side.

* Configured Spring MVC Annotation to manage URL mapping with controllers for communication between front-end and middle-tier.

e Used Spring Security and JDBC together to provide seamless and secure user login and registration experience for website.

* Implemented Kafka 2. x to create a real-time data pipeline, enabling efficient and reliable data transfer between microservices.

e Used RabbitMQ open-source message broker software that implements Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP).

e Used JavaMail library to send emails and used JMS to send messages to customers about Shopping carts and payment reminders.

e Used RESTful Web Services for integrating with multiple Payment gateways CREDIT CARD, DEBIT CARD. INTERNET BANKING,

PAYPAL, etc.

¢ Developed test cases and performed unit testing using JUNIT Test cases.

e Used Log4j to log user-friendly log messages to log files.
Environment: JavaEE, Java 1.8, Spring, Hibernate, Spring MVC, SpringSecurity, Restful Web Service, RabbitMQ, JSON, Oracle, JavaMail,
Kafka, HTML 5, CSS3, AJAX, jQuery, AngularJS. Bootstrap, JUnit, GitHub.

EDUCATION

Master of Science: Information Systems Technology
George Washington University - Washington, DC