SR. REACT JS DEVELOPER

Professional Summary

Self-motivated Web Developer with around 5 of experience working on multiple projects. Passionate and hardworking with a penchant for meeting
deadlines. Interested in roles indulging best practices and offering diverse customer projects.

Skills

HTMLU/HTML5 Redux-saga, React Hooks, ImmutablejS

CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap4, SASS, LESS NodeJS. JAVA. Spring Framework jQuery, AJAX. JSON
JavaScript. Typescript Visual Studio, Web Storm, Eclipse

ReactjS, AngularjS 1.x,2.0,5.0 Windows, Linux, macOS

Jenkins

GitHub, GitLab, Bit Bucket, Source Tree
Cassandra, MongoDB

Google analytics, istanbul

Agile Methodologies, JIRA. Confluence
Selenium, Protractor, Mocha,Jest. Enzyme
WebPack, NPM, Gulp, Grunt. Gradle, Maven

Docker, AWS

Work History

Sr. React JS Developer Feb 2020 - Current
7-Eleven Irving, TX

e¢ Develop high performance customer facing e-commerce application using ReactjS, Redux-saga, React Hooks, React-Router, JavaScript, HTMLS5,
CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap4

e Built custom components for UX-Library consisting Accordion, Filters, Dropdown, Carousel, Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons

e¢ Developed custom AP! layer to handle all CRUD transactions, JWT token management and implemented interceptors to embed custom headers

e Maintained high-level expertise in React state management strategies, including Redux, Redux Persist and redux-saga

e Exclusively used React-Hooks to perform the application life-cycle processes

e Project was implemented by following TDD using Jest framework for React along with Enzyme test utilities.

e¢ Worked closely with clients to establish specifications and system designs. Used Zeplin and Invision to collaborate with UX

e Used Middleware, Redux-Saga with Immutable]S in application to retrieve and store data from Back-End and to also perform RESTFUL services,

e Effective use of native HTML elements and custom tags to enhance SEO optimization and application ADA compliance feature

e Implemented CSS Box Model and styled web pages using CSS preprocessor SASS and effectively used mixins, functions, custom grid systems,
grid-area concepts and flexbox for a fluid-responsive application

e Expertise usage of GitLab and JIRA as a version control and tracking units.

¢ Worked in Agile Methodologies for incremental development to deliver better application.

Senior Systems Engineer Feb 2019 - Feb 2020
Verizon Irving, TX
e Design dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Angular 5
e Work extensively with API team to implement creative Chat Bot communication platform from UI perspective
e Closely monitor the usage of Google Dialog Flow Technology and procure the intent-based response to perform intuitive communication feel on
User Interface
e Design animated web pages by importing the @angular/animations to enhance customer service chat experience
¢ Define new validations through Angular]S for the form field validation implemented through HTMLS
e Implemented latest Ecmascript6 (ES6) features to enhance code standards and maintainability
e Extensive usage of Gradie & webpack to build Microservices, Ul components and pipeline it smoothly for Ci/CD using Jenkins
¢ Translate wireframes into interactive, dynamic code
e Strong knowledge of version control tools like GIT, SVN, Bitbucket
Build AWS servers by executing Jenkins automated jobs and involve in server maintenance
e Project Technology Stack: HTMLS5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, Angular, Java, Spring Framework, WebPack, Gradle, Jenkins,
Visual Studio, Git Lab

Education

Master of Science: Engineering Management May 2015
California State University, Northridge Northridge, CA