JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

HEADLINE Experienced software engineer and PhD candidate with over 7 years of object oriented software development and software

engineering experience seeking a full time position.

HIGHLIGHTS
e 6+ years with C++ e 1+ years C#, ASP NET 4+ years programming on Microsoft OS
e 5+ years with C e 5+ years programming on UNIX
e 3+ years with Java e 2+ years programming on LINUX
e 3 years with Ada 1 year with JavaScript e Experience with SQL. SOA, SOAP. MVC, IIS
e 1+ years with Clear Case e Agile development.
EXPERIENCE

Application Developer, 03/2013 - Current

Ibm Corporation — Piscataway, NJ
e Compiler error and warning cleanup for C/Unzix files.
¢ Batch programming in C.

e Medicare Project

Embedded Software Engineer, 10/2012 - 03/2013
Viasat Inc. — Bryan/College Station, TX
¢ Design and Implement development and test infrastructure via Google Mock
e Create user stories to work on for each iteration Develop test suites, expand automated testing harness, and automate end to end tests
e Analyze defect patterns and assist in determining cause and correction
e Agile work environment

¢ Tools/Languages: C++, Google Mock, Google Test, eclipse, Tortoise SVN, Confluence, JIRA.

Software Engineer/Consultant, 02/2012 - 08/2012
Altair — Ann Arbor, MI
* Responsible for developing of new features and enhancements of existing functionality using C++, JavaScript, Java, C+, NET, ASP.
HTML, XML Facilitated effective team interaction and appreciates each team members’ contributions.
e¢ Communicated effectively with team members and project leadership to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions.
¢ Communicated and enforced coding standards.
* Continually sought opportunities to increase product quality and customer satisfaction.
e Used SQL Server including stored procedures, functions, views, and triggers.
¢ Worked with complex relational database concepts and strategies using SQL, SQL Server.
e Worked in an Agile environment.
* Created well designed, reusable objects through mastery of object-oriented practices and design patterns.
* Consistently designed and coded superior technical solutions.
¢ Communicated effectively with team members and project leadership to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions.

Contractor Software Engineer, 07/2011 - 11/2011
Verizon Communications — Kansas City, MO
¢ Performed DR analysis that included estimation of completion times, analysis of the different services/components of the system that
would be affected, and which regression tests that needed to be performed.
* Developed and tested file system analysis scripts for Factory Systems (FOSS) in Java and shell script on UNIX and LINUX systems.
¢ Worked in Agile development environment Developed a tool for gathering image data from an Oracle database.
e This was a server side application in an SOA system.
¢ Programming was done using SQL and Java.
e Tested own code projects Programming languages used: Java, Perl, SQL Technical tools: JavaNet Beans, Unix, Linux, Struts, Oracle, UML
Modeling, Visio Studio, Visual Studio, IIS, XML.

Software Automation Engineer, 09/2010 - 06/2011
Texas Instruments — City, STATE
e Designed, developed, installed, modified, and supported new and existing factory machine automation applications, equipment monitoring,
material handling, and decision support capabilities.
¢ Developed projects in UNIX and LINUX environments Programmed using Java, C++, SQL (using Oracle middleware), and a TI
proprietary version of shell scripting.
* Most projects worked were server side applications in an SOA system.
¢ Utilized Test Driven Development (TDD) techniques One project worked was on an application server SOAP. XML, and Java Worked all
projects from end to end Tested own code for all projects Worked with factory organizations and vendors to understand, analyze, and
define system requirements and modified equipment Supported production applications in a Semiconductor Automation Application
Development: Used SEMI Communication Standards (SECS I, SECS I, GEM, and HSMS) to communicate with equipment Developed
applications using TI's AutoShell equipment automation and system integration toolset.

Software Engineer, 2005 - 09/2010
Boeing — City, STATE
Software Development
¢ Programming Languages: C++, C
* Developed a portion of the requirements, design, and implementation for Advanced Interactive Graphics Panel (AIGP) project
e This project was a front end application
¢ Developed an ICD for all variables for AIGP project
¢ Conducted and attended peer reviews on AIGP and other projects
¢ Developed Windows GUI to transfer MS DOS computer display to GUI
¢ Obtained Secret Security Clearance (05)
¢ Software logic and GUI developed and tested in C and C++ on Microsoft Windows and UNIX platforms
e Technical Tools: Visual C++, MFC
¢ Worked on software project from end to end
* Tested own code throughout lifecycle of project

Software Test
e Converted and tested Block III Apache helicopter pilot and co-pilot display scripts
* Compiled Block III Apache scripts
e Participated in reviews of Apache scripts
¢ Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript
e Technical Tools: Junit, Visual C++, Visual Studio, Java Servlets
* Tested own Java software scripts

e Server side software was tested in an SOA system

Software Quality
e Reviewed and updated various process documents
e Witnessed software demonstrations and tests
e Aided in loading and verifying software builds
e Administrated and performed requirements, code, configuration management, and formal test audits

e Reviewed code in Ada, C, and C++

EDUCATION

B.S: Computer Science and Engineering, May 2004
University of Illinois - Chicago, IL

Net (C#, ASP) Developer Certificate Program: March 2011
Depaul University - Chicago, IL

M.S: Software Engineering, March 2007
DePaul University - Chicago, IL

PhD: Information Technology, Exp. Grad, 2014
Capella University - Minneapolis, MN

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Highly motivated, well organized, determined software engineer with professional experience with programming in C, C++, Java, SQL, Ada,
and scripting languages. A talent for analyzing problems, developing and simplifying procedures, and finding innovative solutions. Proven
ability to work effectively with persons from other cultures and all walks of life. A passion for acquiring new skills and techniques and utilizing
them to benefit the team and the project at hand.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Featured in DePaul University Alumni Publication 2010

e Award Recognition in The Chancellor's List 2005 and 2006

e Award Recognition in The National Dean's List 2002

e National Society of Black Engineers Torchbearer Award 2002, 2005-2006

e The Ohio State University Minority in Engineering Academic Award 2001-2002
* Women In Science and Engineering NASA Scholar 1998-2000

¢ Honor Roll 1998-2002, 2004-2006

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

e HP North Texas Black Employee Network Communication Chair 2013

¢ Dallas ISD Advisory Board - Information Technology 2013

e Association of Information Technology Professionals 2011-2013

¢ Urban League of Greater Dallas Young Professionals 2011- 2013

e Golden Key International Honor Society 2006-2013

e National Society of Black Engineers 1998-2013

¢ DePaul University Alumni Association 2007 - 2013

e University of Illinois Alumni Association 2004- 2013

* Society of Women Engineers 2000-2002, 2004-2006, 2009-2010

* Boeing Women in Leadership Affinity Group 2005-2007

e Secretary, Boeing Black Employees Association- Mesa Affinity Group 2005-2008
e Association of Computing Machinery Women 2004 Association of Computing Machinery 2000-2002

SKILLS

e Years of C++ experience

e Java, SQL, and C Programming experience
e UNIX, Linux, HTML experience

e JavaScript, and XSL and XML software

¢ Software development using a component-based approach
© Clear Case Versioning Tool, software and Perl Programming
e LISP, Assembly Language

e Java, Applet Programming

e Electrical Circuit Design experience

e Experience with computer networks

¢ Building or creating makefiles

e Database Technology, JDBC

e Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, Access

¢ Microsoft Visual Studio

e Microsoft Visual C++

e MFC

e J2EE, SOA, SOAP

e Ada programming

e DOORS Requirement Management Tool

e Sherlock Peer Review Planner

e PVCS File Versioning Tool

e Ant, JUnit

e Java NetBeans

e Java Servlets

¢ Cookies and Session Tracking

e Apache Tomcat Server

e Trained in CMMI V1.2

° C#

e Net Framework

« MVC