SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CERTIFICATIONS

ACTIVITIES AND
HONORS

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Detailed-oriented and result-driven data analyst with vast years of hands-on experience in statistical
programming and Knowledgeable in MS Office with an emphasis on data capture and presentation in Excel
and Access. Confident communicator circulating information clearly, and efficiently to benefit end users.
Worked closely with business unit stakeholders fo ensure alignment with business plans and strategic
initiatives and identify insights into solving problems and making decisions with raw data. Highly skilled in
Developing, building, and implementing scalable data models, interpreting data, and enabling advanced
analytic capabilities through data visualizations using SQL, Python, and Power BI. Excellent understanding of
business operations and analytics tools for effective data analysis. Pursuing a full-time role involved in data
analysis and research

Data analysis and visualization, math, data structure
and algorithm, relational database, EC2 AWS, ETL,
SSRS, SSIS, ORM, Object Oriented Programming,
Agile/Scrum Methodology, RDMS Development and
SQL, Web Programming, Machine Learning & Al +
Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, Java .
MSSQL, PL/SQL , Operating system: Linux, Microsoft
Windows, macOS, Framework: Flask, , Microsoft Office
Suite, Microsoft word, excel, Creating reports and
presentations, team work, detail oriented, engineering
management, communication, critical thinking. problem
solving, organization. Adobe professional, quality
control, SAP, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), textpad
editor, active directory,

SQL DEVELOPER 03/2019 to 10/2022
Louisiana State University | Baton Rouge, LA

Working closely with the business analysts and business users to understand the business requirements.
e Involved in the PL/SQL code review and modification for the development of new requirements.
e Developing custom stored procedures and packages to support new enhancement needs.
e Using the business object reports to generate reports using ref cursors that were passed from PL/SQL
procedures.
e Maintened and supported SQL server Mirroring, Log shipping, Clustering, and other methods of
disaster recovery

FRCIELANCE PYTHON DEVELOPER 04/2020 to 07/2020
Aviva Dermatology | City, STATE

Developed model solutions in mixture of languages (primarily Python or C++) to run in Transunion batch and
online environment meeting while meeting customer deadlines.
e Developed app, using HTML, bootstrap. CSS and flask framework
e Built an accurate CNN model with keras, CV2, and Tensorflow
e Developed and automated deployment APIs (REST, NETCONF, RESTCOMF, etc.) for interfaces
between network elements, EMS's, BSS, Data bus, Orchestration tools, and Customer Portals
e Designed and configured database and backend applications and programs.

FRIELANCE DATA SCIENTIST 02/2018 to 09/2019
CVS Healthcare | City, STATE

Designed and developed small scale deliverables related to the custom study.
e Participated in the Post Project Review QIP team.
e Responsible for results reporting in the appropriate media and creation of supporting documentation for
the client.
e Monitored products from statistical programs for accuracy, consistency, and statistical validity.
e Leveraged data to perform intensive analysis across all areas of our business to drive product
development

PYOHON DEVELOPER INTERN 03/2016 to 11/2017
Alten Calsoft Labs | City, STATE

Developed the API, backend, and frontend for a single-page application within the first 30+ days of joining the
team. Created views and templates using Python and Django's view controller and templating language to
develop 10+ user-friendly interfaces.
e Modified functions, cursors, queries, triggers, and stored procedures for MySQL database while
processing data, improved system performance by 84%.
e Used python library SQLAIchemy for data manipulation and data modeling.
e Created reusable programming libraries to support multi-project integration and rapid iterative
development
e installed MS SQL Server, Business Intelligence Studio configuration Created and managed schema
objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes Created complex reports such as drill down, drill through
reports using SQL Server Reporting Services.

Bachelor of Science | Mathematics 08/2015
Marien Nguoabi University, Congo

e Updating and enforcing security procedures assuring 15% less breach risk

e Used Keras, CV2, and TensorFlow to build a CNN model with an accuracy rate of about 96%

e Applied data mining for new and valuable business insight that helped cut expenses by up to 20% and
increase revenue by 8.95 %.

e Implemented Python scripts to automatically sync data between different storage server depending on
current available space and remote location.

e Data Analysis & Visualization, Thinkful

« Sustainable Environment Awareness (SEA)

French, English and Spanish: First Language
Negotiated: