EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

CORE ©

QUALIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Over 20 years military service experience in Special Operations. Courseware Development. Certified
expertise, Formal Teaching Practicum; Developed and revised curriculum materials and implemented in
classroom, simulator and aircraft. Produced and distributed daily Situation Report for executive level
Commanders worldwide. Organized administrative professional with hands-on experience supporting business
areas Such as accounting, database management and human resources. Collaborative team player with
strong communication, decision-making and time management abilities. Foster collaboration among
operational and support stakeholders; delivered best in class customer support. Strong managerial and
leadership skills, energetic team player employing high standards of personal and professional conduct.
Works well independently and as part of a group-Logistics Specialist focused on drafting persuasive and
comprehensive information papers, feedback reports and recommendations that influence company decision-
making. Dedicated Transportation Logistics Coordinator qualified in data management and anomaly-based
analytics. Cuts costs and improves efficiency through effective management, strategic scheduling and
streamlined operations.Maintain Top Secret Clearance.

« Operations management e Administrative management
« Policy/program development e Logistics support
« Cross-functional team management e Results-oriented
*« Supervision and training « Time management
« Sound judgment « Professional and mature
« Calm under pressure e Schedule management
« Complex problem solving e Microsoft Office proficiency
« Supply and logistics planning e Project management
« Data management e = Technical writing
© COURSEWARE DEVELOPER 09/2014 to 11/2015

Zscaler, Inc. | Providence, Rl

e Conduct administrator duties to ensure compiling, writing, editing and publishing different Syllabi of
Instruction (SOI) for all of Air Force Special Operations crew positions.

e Also conduct editing, reviewing, other training documents and instructions to include Computer Based
Instruction and Instructor Guides.

e Good interpersonal skills and effective communications are required daily: constant coordination and
collaboration with other team members.

e Certain degree of judgment and multi-tasking are associated with performing job duties.

e Analyze problems requiring application of Instructional System Design processes to continue product
development with little to no supervision.

e Present plans. recommendations. analysis, and other advice within a broad functional area to the task
leader, fellow employee levels and Government representatives in support of Training.

e Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.

e Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.

e Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.

e Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.

e Created weekly and monthly reports and presentations.

e Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and
mail.

CONTRACTOR SECURITY MANAGEMENT 03/2014 to 09/2014
Department Of Defense | Edgewood, MD

e Maintain databases which reflect receipt, storage, inventory, and disposition of classified information to
include data entry, updates, and generation of reports.

e Years of experience providing briefings and training; Responsible for security support of classified and
unclassified areas of the building to include Special Access Programs Facility (SAPF). Designed
security policies, alarm response protocols and access card guidelines.

e Installed, maintained and repaired security systems and programmable logic controls.

e« Recommended improvements in security systems and procedures.Conducted site reviews and security
audits and made recommendations to management based on findings.

e Developed procedures for the emergency response and crisis management, physical security,
information protection, incident management and investigation units.

e Developed and implemented training procedures for all newly hired personnel.

SECIOR MASTER SERGEANT 06/1992 to 06/2014
USAF | City, STATE

Planned and assembled training and logistics packets for deployments and redeployments.

Reviewed and implemented contingency plans and procedures for finance and accounting services in war
zones.

Logged and filed classified documents.

Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.

Prepared operation plans and orders to support security of resources and installations.

Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork.

Commanded operations post, including personnel, weapons and equipment.

Coordinated operations with armor, artillery and air support units.

SITREP WRITER/LEAD STAFF 09/2003 to 01/2004
USAF | City, STATE

« Compiled, formatted and distributed Commander's Daily Situation Report (SITREP) of all theater assets
and provided inputs to European Command (EUCOM) Commander's SITREP

e Tracked personnel, equipment, and aircraft for all Command assets.

e Managed, researched and coordinated Higher Headquarters Taskers

e Researched and compiled Crisis Action updates slides to brief the Commander on current deployments
and status

e Updated USAFE Deployed Assets slides for Pentagon review

e Created continuity book for daily operations in A3 Current Operations.

e Updated company style guide and enforced compliance with internal staff, partners and vendors

e Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house
style

e Used software to manage efficient delivery and track content drafts.

PROGRAM MANAGER/JOPES/LOGISTICS SUPERINTENDENT 06/2008 to 02/2013
USAF | City, STATE

e Accurately assessed issues found during the review of technical data, strategy concepts, and other
information relative to development of plans and programs in assigned area.

e Ensured plans and projects are coordinated with other offices and activities having an interest in the
area of assignment.

e Prepare detailed plans and schedules for assigned requirements, bed down, and airlift considerations

e Unit orders clerk for Manning Certification authorization and Reserve Order writing system

e Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks

e Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and
proposed changes

e Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes

e Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines

e Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes

e Developed slideshows and other forms of media to present project progress to the executive team

e Updated and managed 5 project databases

e Executed proof of concept implementations to validate product feasibility.

C-(30 J SIMULATOR INSTRUC TORI/INSTRUC TOR LOADMASTER 06/2008 to 08/2009
Lockheed Martin | City, STATE

e Responsible for classroom and simulator instruction for all C-130J loadmasters.

e Certified teaching practicum.

e Formal Training Unit for active duty, guard and reserve personnel flying the C-130J aircraft.

e Prepared and maintained administrative records on each student.

e Knowledge of principles, techniques, and methods of instructions; use of visual aids: learning
processes; curriculum development education and training evaluation; and counseling methods and
techniques.

e Developed and revised curriculum materials.

UNOT DEPLOYMENT MANAGER 03/2001 to 06/2008
USAF | City, STATE

e Managed squadron mobility office; ensured equipment was prepared and personnel trained for
worldwide mobility operations and worldwide deployments.

e Responsible for LOGMOD inputs used for tracking unit deployments: includes personnel, aircraft and
equipment.

e Coordinated between various organizations to ensure more than 150 personnel, equipment and aircraft
deploy on time for contingency operations; contributing to overall mission success.

e Reviewed new customer orders and requests and manually entered data into a centralized database.

e Conducted qualitative and quantitative analysis of logistics operations using simulation models and
other tools.

e Completed and followed up on all registration and traffic documents.

e Communicated all emergencies, delays due to weather and carrier schedule changes to customers and
supervisors.

e Resolved problems for customers, warehouses and carriers.

e Acted as a liaison between logistics, carriers and customers.

e Coordinated returns between origin and interim transportation departments.

e Completed all necessary customs documents and other paperwork.

e Oversaw the organizing and product storage in stockyard areas.

e Synthesized project findings into actionable recommendations with demonstrable effects on business
performance.

Bachelor's Degree | Professional Aeronatuics 03/2006
Embry RiEmbry Riddle Aeronautical University, Eglin AFB, FL

Credits Earned: 125 Semester hours Major: Professional Aeronautics
Coursework in Logistics and Transportation Technology
Business Management, Logistics, Finance and Supply Chain coursework

Miu ster's Degree | Operations Management
University of Arkansas Hurlburt, Field, FL

Operations Management

Coursework in Business, Management and Communications
Strategic Leadership course

Managerial Statistics and Management Communication coursework
Operations and Quality Management coursework

AsCociate's Degree | Aircrew Operations 2012
CommunCommunity College of the Air Force, Eglin Afb, Florida
Credits Earned: 130 Semester Hours Major: Aircrew Operations

Egon Afb

» Administrative, Air Force, interpersonal skills, counseling, curriculum development, data entry, databases,

editing, functional, Government, instruction, Instructor, inventory, materials, Access. office, multi-tasking,
personnel, processes, product development, strategy, supervision, System Design, Systems Development,
teaching, Logistics, Program Management