SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

- Over 7+ years of IT Experience in Database Design, Development and business intelligence of Microsoft
SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 in Development, Test and Production Environments on various business
domains like Financial, Insurance and manufacturing.

- Hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing, upgrading and migrating, monitoring and
troubleshooting SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 R2.

- Expertise in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) with good
knowledge on SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).

- Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of
reports like drill down, Parameterized, Cascading, Conditional, Table, Matrix, Chart and Sub Reports.

- Experience in developing, monitoring. extracting and transforming data using DTS/SSIS, Import Export
Wizard, and Bulk Insert.

- Excellent in High Level Design of ETL DTS Packages & SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB
connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV. Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple
transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert . Merge and union
all.

- Developing reports on SSRS on SQL Server (2000/2005/2008). Sound Experience and understanding of
SSAS, OLAP cube and Architecture.

- Experience in writing expressions in SSRS and Expert in fine tuning the reports. Created many Drill through
and Drill Down reports using SSRS.

- Excellent knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedures, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User
defined data types. functions, Cursors and Indexes using T-SQL.

- Great ability to create and manage various database objects like tables, views.

- Worked Extensively on ETL process using SSIS package.

- Experience in Data Conversion and Data Migration using SSIS and DTS services across different databases
like Oracle, MS access and flat files.

- Experience in using T-SQL in SQL Server 2000/2005 and 2008 platforms.

- Experience in Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.

- Well versed in Performance Point Server 2007. Designed Dashboards, Scorecards and reports using
multiple KPI's, OLAP charts and SSRS Reports with PPS.

- Experience in maintenance and Administration of SSIS by creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent, and
schedule DTS/SSIS Packages.

- Experience in SQL Server DTS and SSIS (Integration Service) package design, constructing, and
deployment

- Transformed data from one server to other servers using tools like Bulk Copy Program (BCP), Data
Transformation Services (DTS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)

- Experience in creating packages to transfer data between ORACLE, MS ACCESS and FLAT FILES to SQL
SERVER using DTS/SSIS.

- Expert in creating Parameterized Reports.

- Hands on experience in Creating Star Schema and Snow Flake Schemas.

- Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. Proficient in technical writing and presentations
and a good team player.

- Ability to work independently or as part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives and to make
decisions under pressure.

e TECHNICAL SKILLS e Programming: SQL, T-SQL, PowerShell, and
e Database: SQL Server 2019, SQL Server 2014, VBScript
2012, and 2008R2/2008 e Operating System: Windows Server
e ETL Tools: SSIS, DTS, BCP 2016/2010/2008R2/2008/
e Reporting: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting e Tools and software: MS Office, Power Bi, Visual
Services/Server) Basic
SQL/BI DEVELOPER 08/2021 to CURRENT

Neogenomics Laboratories | Houston, TX

e Involved in planning, defining. and designing data and provided documentation
e« Worked closely with the business to analyze and consolidate request requirements to improve the
decision planning process
e¢ Defined data requirements and report layouts for the business to review
e Created user stories and scripts based on requirements
e Generated parameterized reports, ad-hoc reports, sub reports, tabular reports using SSRS
e Utilized Dataflow with multiple transformations for Incremental loads and truncate reloads
e« Created and modified SQL queries like Views, Functions, and Stored procedures
¢ Maintained the table performance by following the tuning tips like creating index and applying best
practices
e Worked on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate and analyze data from multiple
information sources
e Experience in configuring and creating SSIS solution for ETL and business intelligence
e Introduced SSRS to help the existing reporting process and designed and developed SSRS
e Created parameterized reports and linked reports thorough knowledge of report server architecture
using SSRS
e Performed minor administrative duties creating folders, monitoring jobs and security related tasks
e« Leverage enterprise business intelligence tools, SQL queries and other tools to develop complex
models and reports
e Create functional / technical specifications to document design approach
Environment: MS SQL Server2005/ 2008, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), MS Visual Studio.NET# 2008, TFS
(SharePoint), Visual Basic6.0/VB.net, VB Script and Windows 2008 Server.

PC VER Bi DEVELOPER 02/2018 to 07/2021
Geico Insurance | Champaign, IL

e Developed Power BI model used that used in creating reporting

e« Designed and documented the entire Architecture of Power bi

e Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot

e Automated Power Query refresh using power by using parameter

e Used various sources to pull data into Power BI such as SQL Server

e Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power bi service

e« Created Workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports

e« Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service

e« Worked on all kind of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily

e« Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor

« Created stored procedures and SQL queries to pull data into power pivot model
Environment: MS SQL Server 2012/2008, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server
Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Migration Assistant (SSMA), Oracle 11G, SQL Profiler, T-SQL,
Power Bi Desktop, Power Bi pro, Visual Studio 2010, HTMLS5, Java Script.

SCO/POWER BI DEVELOPE 05/2016 to 01/2018
Citizens Bank | City, STATE

e Import data from different data sources to create Power BI reports and Dashboards

« Experience in developing Reports, Charts, Dashboards using Power BI Desktop and manage security
based on requirements

e« Transform, define, navigate the data from data source and performed merge and append queries using
Power Query

e Implemented complex query techniques of passing multi-valued parameters and cascading parameters
in MDX

e Performed transformations like Pivoting, Unpivoting and Splitting of the columns using Power Query

e Created different chart types and drill down reports using Power Bi Desktop (SSRS)

e Involved in defining report layout in SSRS

e Created measures, calculated columns, relationships and performed time series analysis using DAX in
Power Bl

e« Published reports and visualizations to Power BI Service and thereby created dashboards

e Created hierarchies in Power BI reports using visualizations like Bar chart, Line chart, etc

e Worked with both live and import data into Power BI for creating reports

e« Managed relationship between tables in Power BI using star schema

e Used different type of slicers available in Power BI for creating reports

e Experienced in creating many dashboards by pinning many visualizations in the workspace as per the
insights provided

e Experienced in Data Modeling used to define and analyze data requirements needed to support the
business processes within the scope of corresponding information systems in organizations

e Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date

e« Experience in developing several Details, Summary reports including line and pie charts, trend analysis
reports and sub-reports per business requirements

e Experience in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management
decision

e Used recently introduced Power BI to create self-service BI capabilities and use tabular models

e« Responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Power BI reports and Dashboards on client
requests

« Shared the created workspace across the organization using PowerBl Apps

e Responsible for creating Row-Level Security (RLS) based on the business requirements

Environment: Power BI, DAX, Power BI Gateway, Power BI Apps, MDX, MS SQL Server
2016/2014/2012/2008 R2, MS Excel, JSON, Windows 8/10, JIIRA, SSRS, SSAS

Associate | Applied Science Database
Georgia Piedmont Technical College, Atlanta, GA

Ce_tificate in SQL Server Database