JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Self-motivated Web Developer with 6 yrs of experience working on multiple projects. Passionate and hardworking with a penchant for
meeting deadlines. Interested in roles indulging best practices and offering diverse customer projects.

SKILLS
¢ HTML/HTMLS, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap4, SASS. LESS e Selenium, Protractor, Mocha.Jest, Enzyme
¢ JavaScript, Typescript e WebPack, NPM, Gulp, Grunt, Gradle, Maven
« ReactJS, AngularJS 1-x,2.0,5.0 © Docker, AWS
¢ NodeJS, JAVA, Spring Framework, jQuery, AJAX, JSON e Cassandra, MongoDB
e Redux-saga, React Hooks. ImmutableJS e Jenkins
e GitHub, GitLab, Bit Bucket, Source Tree © Sitebulb
* Google analytics, Istanbul, Mixpanel ® Visual Studio, Web Storm, Eclipse
e Agile Methodologies, JIRA, Confluence e Windows, Linux, macOS
Worx History
02/2020 to Current Sr. React JS Developer
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Oceanside, CA
e Responsible for building front-end UI design using HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, Java Script, Angular 10, and
Angular material.
e Use Angular 10 controllers to control page data and Models to bind data in User Interface with controller.
¢ Made REST API calls using http and resource services with Angular 10.
¢ Develop code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using RxJS and Observables.
e Work with Angular Forms, Validations, Modules, Components, directives, controllers, and HTTP Requests.
¢ Implement RxJS for better user experience by dynamically providing Asynchronous request and response
communication between the client and the server.
02/2019 to 02/2020 Senior Systems Engineer
Perspecta — Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD
* Involved in the development of the new application and maintenance of the existing application.
* Used Bit Bucket as a Repository and Source tree.
* User Interface: (Angular 6 with Redux)
* Used Angular CLI to create modules, components, services, directives, pipes etc.
* Used Redux store management.
* Created lazy loaded modules to maintain the performance of the application.
* Used can-Deactivate, can-Activate to display the warning or information message when user is moving away or
coming to particular routes.
* Integrated UPS address API.
* Involved in QA and prod Deployments in AWS cloud environment.
* Used blue & green deployment strategy to maintain application with no downtime.
* Actively used AWS services like ECS, EC2, load balancer, $3, configuring health checks and used for Splunk for log
monitor.
* Working to implement auto save functionality feature to the app using $3.
* Implemented custom pagination and Sorting logic on the UL
* Implemented and used the sorting directives with in the form arrays.
* Implemented deep compare using “deep-equal’ 31rd party tool to check the objects while navigating form page to page
according to the requirement.
* Extensively used Angular Reactive forms, form Arrays and implemented reactive validations and validation messages
according to the requirement.
05/2017 to 01/2019 Senior Web Developer
General Dynamics — Colorado Springs, VA
e Plan and implement the overall analytics and business intelligence strategy.
© Deploy & develop applications end to end. Identify design problems and devise elegant solutions.
e Understanding and carrying out analysis of the business requirements of the client.
e Customize and enhance the tools and tracking the productivity across applications; and Discover new opportunities
to optimize the business through analytics.
05/2015 to 04/2017 UI Developer
Abbott Laboratories — Lancaster, PA
e Rapidly developed prototypes from conceptual demonstrations totally based on IOT smart cities and smart
agriculture
© Proficiently built Website which adheres to Web 2.0 Industry Standards Using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript,
AngularJS
e Performed best practices in implementing AngularJS (1.x, 2.0, 4.0) modules and creating free-standing, reusable,
and testable components
e Exclusively used NodeJS for building fast and scalable network applications and ExpressJS as standard server
framework for NodeJS
e Adopted NPM, Gulp & Grunt as Task Managers and performed custom tasks for the build process to handle the
desired outcome
© Understanding the responsibilities of ThingSpace platform, database, API, caching layer, proxies, and other web
services used in the process
e Extensively used GitHub, Source Tree for all of the distributed version control and source code management
(SCM)
¢ Mapped user journey end-to-end from Sensor-based SOAP-API to Mongo DB Covering all data phases using
information architecture diagrams. user flows
¢ Worked Closely with Backend team to ensure smooth deployments by configuring different builds and test scripts
for CI-CD process laid
e Exclusively implemented a NodeJS wrapper around the SCALA microservices and also exposed a Swagger-UI for
the showcase by stake-holders
e Executed FireBase to handle incoming Dynamic Data from ThingSpace Gateway which is a part of Threeway-
Data-Binding practice adhered
e Performed extensive unit tests using Mocha and e2e test suites for all components, and running them with
Protractor
e Used Google Analytics to capture User metrics to improve Customer Experience with Digital Analytics
¢ Implemented Istanbul a popular Code Coverage tool to increase Code Coverage to make code more production
efficient
e Project Technology Stack: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Gulp, Grunt, Jenkins,
GitHub, Source Tree, FireBase, Swagger
EDUCATION
05/2015 Master of Science: Engineering Management

California State University, Northridge - Northridge. CA