SR. REACT JS DEVELOPER

Professional Summary

Self-motivated Web Developer with around 5 of experience working on multiple projects. Passionate and hardworking with a penchant for meeting
deadlines. Interested in roles indulging best practices and offering diverse customer projects.

Skills

HTML/HTMLS Redux-saga, React Hooks, Immutable/S

CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap4. SASS, LESS NodeJS. JAVA. Spring Framework jQuery, AJAX JSON
JavaScript. Typescript Visual Studio, Web Storm, Eclipse

React|S, Angular|S 1.x.2.0.5.0 Windows, Linux, macOS

Jenkins

GitHub, GitLab, Bit Bucket, Source Tree
Cassandra, MongoDB

Google analytics, Istanbul

Agile Methodologies. JIRA, Confluence
Selenium, Protractor, Mocha_Jest. Enzyme
WebPack, NPM, Gulp, Grunt, Gradle, Maven

Docker, AWS

Work History

Sr. React JS Developer Feb 2020 - Current
7-Bleven Irving, TX

e Develop high performance customer facing ecommerce application using React/S, Redux-saga, React Hooks, React-Router, JavaScript. HTMLS.
CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap4

e Built custom components for UX-Library consisting Accordion, Filters, Dropdown, Carousel. Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons

e Developed custom API layer to handle all CRUD transactions, JWT token management and implemented interceptors to embed custom headers

« Maintained high-level expertise in React state management strategies, including Redux Redux Persist and redux-saga

« Exclusively used React-Hooks to perform the application life-cycle processes

e Project was implemented by following TDD using Jest framework for React along with Enzyme test utilities.

e Worked closely with clients to establish specifications and system designs. Used Zeplin and Invision to collaborate with UX

e Used Middleware, Redux-Saga with Immutabie/S in application to retrieve and store data from Back-End and to also perform RESTFUL services.

« Effective use of native HTML elements and custom tags to enhance SEO optimization and application ADA compliance feature

e Implemented CSS Box Mode! and styled web pages using CSS preprocessor SASS and effectively used mixins, functions, custom grid systems,
grid-area concepts and flexbox for a fluid-responsive application

e Expertise usage of GitLab and JIRA as a version contro! and tracking units.

e Worked in Agile Methodologies for incremental development to deliver better application.

Senior Systems Engineer Feb 2019 - Feb 2020
Verizon Irving. TX

e Design dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTMLS, CSS3, SASS, Angular 5

e Work extensively with API team to implement creative Chat Bot communication platform from Ul! perspective

e Closely monitor the usage of Googie Dialog Flow Technology and procure the intent-based response to perform intuitive communication fee! on

User Interface

« Design animated web pages by importing the Gangular/animations to enhance customer service chat experience

e Define new validations through Angular]S for the form field validation implemented through HTMLS

e Implemented latest Ecmascripté6 (ES6) features to enhance code standards and maintainability

e Extensive usage of Gradie & webpack to build Microservices, Ul components and pipeline smoothly for Cl/CD using Jenkins

Senior Web Developer May 2017 - Jan 2019
Sensity Systems 700 Hidden Ridge, Texas
e Involved designing in web pages using HTML 5, CSS3. JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Mongo DB
e Extensively used React |S components, Forms, React-Bootstrap, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, Redux and Flux concept
« Experienced in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis. implementation. and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and
SCRUM
e Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop Ul components and reused them across multiple Web Applications
« Developed custom map components using Google API's and convenience to place loT devices on it as per business needs
« Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile
users using React js
e Expertise in UX-Library comprised of Button, Checkbox, Input. Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and some more
e Worked closely with the Back-End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux
e Configured automation pipelines using Jenkins to monitor Cl/CD process