JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Executive PROFILE

3 years of experience in analysis, design, development and support of connections in a trading/financial environment. Significant experience
in developing and supporting systems using C++, Python, BASH, XML, and other technologies. Experience with C# and C++ development
and support. Reliable, flexible, creative and hard-working team player. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with ability to
achieve successes on wide variety of assignments.

Sxict HicHLicHtTs

e Technical Expertise

© C++, C#, CSS, LUA (7 years)

¢ SQL Server, MongoDB, Custom databases (2 years)
« ZeroMQ, Google ProtoBuf, RDMA ( 3 years)

e OnixS FIX Engine Expert (3 years)

¢ Windows, Linux OS ( 9 years)

e Familiarity with Itch/Ouch Connections (3 years)
e Analyst/Programmer/Support (3 years)

« Computer Failure Troubleshooting (7 years)

¢ Scripting, BASH, Perl, Python ( 3 years)

« Virus removal and protection (7 years)

« QA Testing/Development ( 5 years)

e Android video game development (1.5 years)

* XML, PHP, HTMLS, CSS (1 year)

* Computer hardware installation (5 years)

« UDK, Autodesk suite (4 years)

¢ Microsoft Office suite (7 years)

Core ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

09/2014 to Current Jr. C# .Net Developer/ Q&A
Mercola.com — City, STATE

e Primary Project Description: Mercola.com is an ecommerce website that sells alternative health supplements and
promotes an overall healthy outlook to everything that we choose in our lives. The primary project was to enhance
various in-house c# applications and develop new responsive web pages/sites for their products.

e Enhanced in-house programs for searching through SQL databases for orders and fraud orders. Added unique
business logic to safeguard from SQL injection and also unwanted queries.

e Responsible for a new responsive webpage template for all products on the ecommerce shop.

© Developed stored procedures and databases to contain customer/order information.

02/2011 to 01/2014 Lead Developer/Developer/Analyst/Support
Black Phoenix — City, STATE
¢ Primary Project Description: Black Phoenix was a research and development entity for a trading firm called
Phoenix IBFO. Primary project was to create FIX connections with multiple liquidity providers for market taking/
market making and to become a liquidity provider itself.
¢ Created secure financial information exchange connections (FIX) to various banks globally using C++ OnixS Fix
Engine on Linux co-located in New York.
Solely responsible for established and required connections, as well as sole technical support and tester for all
connections implemented into production [40+ connections].

e Responsible for support of 10+ internal customers/developers and also provided upper level management with
status reporting and any required support.

e Tested connections via business requirements, conformance tests and conducted test trades to ensure connections
were flawless.

e Go to" guy for all systems support issues and questions.

e Maintained MongoDB and constructed BASH scripts to populate appropriate databases.

e Aided in creation of company website built in Python and Django.

e Created automated scripts in PERL and Python to aid in testing of code base.

e Established and supported SSL certificates, OpenSSL and VPN connections to create FIX connections.

e Built system components from scratch (and supported same), including Order Flow, Strategies, and Position
Manager, among others.

e Created Visual C# application to review trade data and test for discrepancies. Black Phoenix )

e Designed and implemented new way to create FIX connections by using XML parsing technique, resulting in
ability to create new connection via one XML file and increasing productivity/decreasing connection downtime.
Promoted to Lead Developer after this highly successful project.

e Key player in design of multi-million dollar project resulting in increased efficiency in time by 100% (10
milliseconds to 10 microseconds) and increased return rate from 110% (1-2k) to 300% (6k).

e Supervised 8 interns working on different projects ranging from [C#, C++, XML, SQL Server, Python, Java and
Google Protobufs] ensuring progress and accuracy.

e Maintained and optimized existing programs that used SQL queries to calculate trade PnL.

EpucatIon
Bachelor of Science: Game and Simulation Programming

DeVry University - Addison, IL
DeVry University, Addison IL (Expected Graduation Summer 2015) Bachelor of Science in Game and Simulation Programming (GPA: 3.90)

SKILLS

C#, Databases, Sql, Bash, Business Requirements, C++, Django, Exchange, File, Java, Linux, Million, Mongodb, Ms Sql Server, Parsing,
Perl, Progress, Python, Sql Server, Ssl, Systems Support, Technical Support, Testing, Trading, Visual C#, Visual C# net, Vpn, Xml, -net,
Ecommerce, Outlook, Stored Procedures, Android, Autodesk, Css, Game Development, Hardware Installation, Html5, Lua, Microsoft Office,
Ms Office, Php, Qa, Qa Testing, Scripting, Team Player, Aerospace, Simulation