JOHN SMITH, BSBA
22 Street Rd. + City, State » 00000 - C: (222) 222 2222 » emali@address.com

Pharmaceutical Sales Representative - Target Job: Medical Device Sales Representative
Sell-directed and integrity-driven, providing knowledgeable service excellence, innovative business development and
product expansion through strong revationship-building skills and a strategic consultative sales approach,

Multi-faceted sales professional sing cosa carats er ace expenence. Passionate and determined to build
Speck Goniee eaobee naneeaies partnering wih arog, endocrnaiogsts ad / medicine physicians. bn
a cents :

aS a Compeliive advantage. Track record of success in an ullra competiive,
“Top Performer with a Positive Attitude and Passion for Excellence”

DEMONSTRATED SKILL SET
Territory Management & Organization Sales/Marketing & Leadership Clinical Therapeutic Knowledge
© Development of Existing Business © = Cheet Relationstip- Guiding & Retention © = iterventiong Cardiclogy
© Innowative Market Expansion © Strategic Negotiation © = Electrophysiokgy
© Strategic Planning & Key Account Focus © High-Impact Presentation Delivery © Cardiac Diagnostics, Interveeional
© Routing Mutigle Daly Sates Cals © Educational In-Service Presentations Tools & Implactable Deviess
© Etective Results Forecasing ¢ Pharmacy Aliance Formation © Catheterization Lab Schematics
* Managed Care & Reimbursement Economics . Toon Schane & Tiseing . ncn: eons elope ged
© = Endocrrology'Diabetes.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
caeg Ws Denver, CO July 2006-August 2010
nerepeecneres-hevir ti to 100+ targeted physicians in assigned the Denver metro and major
in area
outlying cities. Skilfully built and nurtured relationships with physicians and ser a anyon rae sae poset
with new high-polental cents. Utized effective influence and negotiation methods to help physicians and phaemacists entity

polenta! patient types, which resulted in increased prescriptions written and filled for Shionog/'s products, exceeding sales
goals and reactsng significant rankings.

e Leveraged analytical abilities to conduct needs assessments with physicians fo determine key factors of importance, such as: eficacy,
competitive differentiation and patient affordability. Otered solutions that met pabent and provider expectations and proactively provided
Quick responses to objections, ensuring tial Shionogi’s products were prescribed lo the iGensied and agreed upon patent types,

+ Educated physicians on specific pharmaceutical products and their respective therapies for patents; advised interventional cardiologists
on patient nitrate therapy following coronary interventons: advised endocrinclogists on metformin therapy for type It diabetics.

¢ — Trained medical and catheterization lab staff on the proper administration and storage of Nitrolingual Pumpspray by conducting
educational in-senice presentations; included in the discussion was a detailed review of how to educate patents on the features and
benefits the spray provides and the critical importance of correct product use during the earty warning signs of a heart atlack

+ —Prowided superior customer service by applying effective islening skifis, thorough needs assessment and meticulous follow-through.

+ — Feemulated and followed a strategic Tactcal Acton Pian to asset in achieving sales goals: analyze sales trends, predict rests, adapt to
changes in sales directives and set individualized SMART goals (Specific Measurable Attainable Realistic Timely) for key accounts.

. peor sokesiecn ero giao delivered samples and kept an organized, up-to-date record of inventory, ensuring

compliance requirements were met.

e Possess extensive knowledge and per eagrnangiy tegemandiears des aeebr aetna |memard-r erwesn.becweh gama

. Maintained a curren industry kn ate ie eas penned 0m industry-specific pharmaceuticals and changes in

; in continuing education programs.
. Sith vraag chnicel ano jeotect amalolge toute to wishes there nant ed coins recommended solutions and became a
trusted client resource: developed strong consultative sales relationships with qumerous modical practices throughout Colorado,