JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. Phone: 222-222-2222

City. State 00000 danny serons cbamae coms

Seeking Position As:
SALES PROFESSIONAL
High-producing, performance-driven Sales Professional with super sales talent, able t0 quickly and easty build rapport and establish
trust with clients: strong leadership and motivational skis; recogrized for commitment to excellence and consistently exceeding
revenue goals and winning awards for top periceming achievements.
# 100% Commission-Driven ¢ High-impact Presentation Skis @ Top Revenue Generator
Superior Ort Communicatons @ Persuasion & Negotiaton Techaiques ¢@ Quickly & Easily Bulkis Rapport

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

> History of Meeting and Exceeding Target Goals: My approsch & unique because | heave only 90 eninutes fotal to present a
‘vacation package, speak one-cn-one with the cSants and than clase the dest by asking for $10% to 20k: thernfore the need Io focus
On Short-term sales siralegies is crucial n successfully returning consistent highhactieving resus. Even in the face of chalenging
economic mes aed an vita competitive market, im able to produce revenue growth and achieve TOP PERFORMER status.

» Communication / Hightmpact Presentations: Soperd preservation skis while mantaning actiee audience engage?
present fo chants it both 2 group seffing and acd-on-ane for 45 minutes, generate eathusiaae and exotemant! and strong ability to
create a need for the product or service fm selling uffize effective persuasicn and negotiation fechaiquas fo appeal to the needs of
the ciert.

» Sales Management / Motivating Sales Teams: Ator achieving consistent high sales performance. | was promotod to Sates
Manager in which | was accountable for motivating, training and coaching a successful feam of Sales Represantetives through their
process of sailing timeshare vacetion packages: held weekly sales moatings and conducted on-going training and mentoring fo
Continue generating revenue growth and chant base.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Flash Point Marketing Fairmont, 8C, Sales Representative Jan. 2008 - Dec. 2010
© 2 yom price Teneted to Hotes Wier Aenea, ping preenatine erasing limeshare Clents and cotverting them trom
tradisonal vacation ownership % a point system; sucorsstully comverted sonnet 1 000 clients.

Chateau World of Resorts, Edmonton, AB, Sales Manager Jan, 2005 - Jan. 2006
@ Managed 3 team of people selling imeshare packages for vacation resort in Canmore, AB: adminatered HR duties by hiring stall and
conducting performance evaluations. Provided the developer with frequent statistical reports on the closing of resort sales.

Chub All Seasons, Edmonton, AB, Sales Manager Jan. 2002 - Jan 2005
eee ee eee ee oe ‘adeninetored HR duties by biting stat

and conducting performance evaluations. Provided the developer with frequent statistical reports on the closing of resort sales.

SumCatcher Vacation Club, Edmonton, AB, Sales Representative Sept. 1999 - Jan. 2002

© Sold timeshare vacation packages for 2 Resort developer in Phoenix, AZ: Top Performer in 2000 & 2001

EDUCATION

Business Diploma, Major in Accounting
Northem Aberta Institute of Technology, Edmonton, AB