ERNIE SALAZAR
166 Midland Ave. * Montclair, NJ 07042 « (973) 783-462 © csalazarajaol.com

A highly talented and accomplished Sales and Sales Management professional

Proven ability to open, develop, and grow new territorics and markets. Highly adcpt at
launching new business units, with history of increasing sales revenuc. Able to prepare and
deliver presentations, create proposals, and negotiate contracts. Extensive background in
printing and graphic arts industries. Familiar with coordinating projects and tcams, scrving
as liaison between business units, and managing operations, Outstanding customer service
and communication skills.

Composition Graphics, Montclair, NJ 2001
— Present

Owner / Sales Consultant

Founded company that serves as broker between printing companics and clients with printing
and graphics needs.

Work with clicnts to determine needs, negotiate contract, and outsource project to
appropriate printing facility, based on requirements. Utilize third-party graphic designers as
necessary.

Grew business from start up to more than $400,000, with 30% to 40% margins, in only nine
months.

Provide services to companies im New York metropolitan arca, with wide range of small and
medium businesses as clicnts.

Quantum Color Graphics, New York, NY 1998
— 2001

Senior Sales Representative

Carricd out sales of printing services and graphic design. Recruited to plan and launch New
York satellite office for Ilinois-based company.

Worked closely with National Sales Manager and President to create standard operating
procedures and coordinate operations with Chicago offices.

Located office space, hired graphic artist and administrative staff.

Developed sales strategies, identified clicnts, and initiated contact. Prepared and delivered
presentations to clicnts, ncgotiated agreements.

Coordinated production and delivery operations with Chicago office.

Built business from $0 to $725,000 in less than two years. Clicnts included A&E Television,
Keyence Corporation, and others,

Zincographica, Montclair, NJ 1997
— 1998

Sales and Marketing Consultant

Conducted sales, marketing, and business development consulting for Bologna, Italy-based
color separation and catalog publishing company looking to enter U_S. market.

Designed and carried out research to identify competition, outline current marketplace, create
marketing stratcgics, and locate potential clicnts.

Performed costing for proposed U.S. office, including staffing and 3-ycar operational
budget.

Initiated first contact with prospective clicnts.