JOHN H. SMITH
Callahan, FL32011+ 800.991.5187+ info@greatresumesfastcom

SALES EXECUTIVE

Customer-focused sales executive with more than 20 years of proven success in optimizing territory and channel revenues
through sales, marketing, and service excellence. Develops comprehensive knowledge of products, competitors, and markets to
guide strategy, optimize revenue, and satisfy sales goals. Builds immediate rapport with clients and service teams, and sustains
positive, results-driven communications to produce long-term partnerships with sustainable revenue growth. Continuously
leverages strengths in analytics, leadership, and creative problem solving to identify new opportunities, expand customer base,
deepen existing relationships, and satisfy corporate objectives.

* Sales & Marketing Strategy * Territory/ Market Analysis *Team Leadership

* New Business Development * Consultative Sales * Customer Service

* Key Account Development & Management * Planning & Forecasting * Conflict Resolution/ Problem Solving

* Territory Development & Management * Channel Sales * Client Meetings & Presentations
National Healthcare of New Jersey, Ridgewood, NJ 2007 - 12/2011
SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE

Hired to drive sales through strategic business development and existing account optimization. Cultivated channel-based
relationships with insurance brokers to identify opportunity, initiate client relationships, and bid for new business. Coordinated
information and defined client expectations with internal teams to ensure service-driven implementation. Attended on-site client
meetings to assess needs and negotiate services, and delivered presentations to introduce new products, sell value proposition,
and increase revenue. Reviewed annual sales plans against existing business, analyzed markets, and developed strategies to
optimize revenue and satisfy corporate sales goals.

* Generated $50M in healthcare and ancillary sales revenue and ensured ongoing pipeline opportunities through
customer-focused sales and data-driven marketing tactics.

Produced $6.0M in new sales by working with the marketing team to target enterprises across wide-ranging industry
verticals with a NJ presence.

Provided top-tier account management, employing consultative sales techniques to deliver optimal products while
conducting account audits to ensure seamless account setup.

Negotiated and closed complex sales, promptly resolved conflicts, and ensured end-to-end client satisfaction by
collaborating across legal, underwriting, provider contracting, and implementation groups to garner comprehensive sales
and customer service support.

Global United Healthcare, Edison, NJ 2001 - 2007

NEW BUSINESS MANAGER (2004 — 2007)

Developed and executed strategic sales plan based on territory analysis to drive new business throughout the New Jersey and

New York markets, Prospected through broker channels to identify opportunities and initiate new client relationships. Led

implementations, met with clients to assess needs, solve problems, value-add products, and increase revenue.

* Generated $30M in new sales across NJ and NY, and 15% year-over-year membership growth.

* Increased pipeline volume by 10% and uncovered untapped markets through data mining expertise earning New
Monoger Award for selling the most new clients during rookie year.