John Henry, Sales Development Professional

200 Windy Haven Re, Scarsdale, NY W583, United States, (914) 232-1288, hne_jon_444egmail.com

PROFILE

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Sep 2015 — Sep 2019

Aug 2012 — Aug 2015

Avg 2011 — Ang 2012

EDUCATION
Avg 2010 — May 2084

SKILLS

Experienced and motivated Sales Development Profesional with five years of experience in high level sales
environments Proven reack record of expanding businesses by succesfully networking and forming smart
purttnerships. The abitity to cultivate key eclationshign and consistently generate mew batinen, Sef mogivated
and driven to help increase the prosperity of a business while working to enhance their reputation.

Sales Development Professional, Precision Inc. New York
* Helped to build and cultivase key prospective relasionships, resulting in 10% sales increase for the Fieet 2016

quarter.

Amewed and research how our solutions team are addreving neods.

Actively participated in trade show planning to maximize achieved goals of the sales team,

Conducted thorough research to expand progpecs Bie,

Sales Develpment Professional, Smart Solutions New York

Eeublshed Fruitiul relasionships with key clients and partners, resulting in increased revenues.
Researched and implemented strategie marketing enethods,
ip sales sncetings with promising prospective client companics.
Worked collaborarively with my coepocane team to make things happen.
Maintained 4 peowen track recoed of meeting and excending sales gouls.
Helped to enhance and ephold the open-minded and peogrewive repatation of the company.

Executive Assistant to Head of Sales, Pepsi Inc. New York

© Awisted the Head of Sales in her efforts to maintain ap organized and productive office eneieunmnent,
© Handled calls, recorded messages, and maintained the calendar,

© Proofread documenn peior to meetings and gave my informed opinion when sought.

© Handled any and all daily clerical tasks and any additional work as needed,

Bachelor of Communications, Manhattan College New York

Analytical Thinking Eapett Businew Development Expert
‘Teatn Management Expert lanereation Expert

REFERENCES

LANGUAGES

References available upon recpcst

Spanish Highly prodicsent