BRITNEY HOUSTON

CORPORATE SALES MANAGER

INFO

ADDRESS

1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA

90291, United States

EMAIL
britney@email.com

PLACE OF BIRTH
San Antonio

DRIVING LICENSE
Full

NATIONALITY
American

LINKS

Twitter

Instagra

Facebook

Linkedin

SKILLS
Business Development
@@eeee@

Networking
@@eee@

Group Sales
@@eeee@

Market Analysis
@@eeee

Research
i om me me

Big Data Analytics
@@eeee@

LANGUAGES
English
@@eee @

Mandarin
@®@ooo

PROFILE

Experienced Corporate Sales Manager with ten years global experience within
the international travel sector with a focus to improve sales turnover and
positively impact company revenue. Was instrumental in increasing quarterly
sales performance by 30% during the last six months, and leadership tenure Is
back by an MBA and numerous diplomas in coaching and training.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Corporate Sales Manager, PQS Travel Group Evanston, IL
Aug 2015 - Mar 2019

Achieved over $335,000 in the first quarter of 2015 by increasing new group sales in
the Mid-West region.

e Responsible for securing business for corporate business transient and group
markets by maintaining top accounts, and implementing strategic solicitation and
relationship methods to achieve goals.

¢ Conduct performance reviews.

e Develop and train account managers to secure long-term contracts with leading
original equipment manufacturers and improve customer retention.

e Achieve double-digit margins and increase revenues to $400 million annually with
leading government agencies.

e Manage regional corporate accounts in the New England Area of more than $100k
each.

e Develop training plans and career paths for subordinates.

e Collaborate with internal stakeholders such as finance and HR departments
regarding budgets and recruitment needs.

Assistant Global Business Development Manager, Cleveland, OH
Trans Atlantic Travel Group
May 2011-Jun 2015

Sales performance increased by 20% following the implementation 6-month sales
consultant exchange programs to company locations abroad.

e Take responsibility for developing Individual Travel Accounts through extensive cold-
calling, industry networking, and below the line sales strategies.

e Oversee all sales activities related to booking, coordination and customer follow-up
for groups requiring bulk reservations of between 50 and 100 atatime.

e Contribute significantly to Food & Beverage revenues by facilitating and promoting
effective upselling.

e Acquire knowledge of competition, as well as industry trends.

e Cultivate relationships with prospective new clients by introducing sales consultants
to them

Senior Technical Sales Consultant, Bricks and Build Milwaukee, WI
Engineering Products
Nov 2009 - Apr 2011