JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd. + City, State 00000
222-222-2222 (h) = 222-222-2222 (c) » email@address.com

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative with strong business acumen, product knowledge, and excellent
communication skills to influence prescribing habits and drive territory growth, Adept at building
consultative relationships with key opinion leaders and institutions to increase market presence and
competitive position. Track record of success in high-pressure selling environments and developing
new, innovative markets.

Client-Centred Support # Territory Development # Medical Education Seminars
Research & Analysis ¢ International Counselling & Advocacy¢ Fundraising ¢ Presentations
Cross-Cultural Missions ¢ Therapeutic Implementation # Training & Counselling

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SERVIER CANADA INC. ~ Montreal, Quebec 2006 - Present
Sales Representative

Marketed and sold prescription medication for pharmaceutical manufacturer targeting treatment for
hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Client base consisted of physicians, nurses, nurse
practitioners, and pharmacists. Coordinated video lunch and learns and organized continuing medical
education seminars.

* Grew underperforming territory for Coversy/ up 14 spots to rank in the top five out of 50
national territories. Identified and secured accounts with key opinion leaders having the most
potential to prescribe to both new and existing patients. Territory more than doubled market
share and surpassed $300,000 monthly sales.

* Achieved performance ranking within the top 5% during Ansera “mock clinic” held at national
sales meeting; testing ability to engage, consult, and demonstrate benefits of Coversy/ to
physicians. Scores also measured perceived credibility, expertise, and likelihood to modify
prescribing habits,

@ Played key role in team effort to drive Coversy/ sales in Canada and win national contest for
highest market share change. Organized lecture for from the Ottawa Heart Institute paired
with messaging of titration up to 8 mg as essential in preventing events and death in hyper
intensive and cardiovascular disease patients.

CROSS-CULTURAL SOLUTIONS / VIDYA — New Delhi, India 2005
Healthcare Advisor

Educated and counselled less privileged women and children on health issues during cross-cultural
mission. Utilized integrated methods to facilitate progressive social change.

* Orchestrated group meetings to empower and educate women concerning issues with family
planning, nutrition, and AIDS. Aided in skills training to help women gain economic
independence and break the cycle of poverty.

@ Performed routine check-ups on children and provided recommendations to mothers
concerning children’s well-being.

# Met with women one-on-one to discuss personal issues and perform routine check-ups,
advising and encouraging women to seek medical attention when appropriate.