JOHN SMITH, B.Sc.
22 Street Rd. * City, State * 00000 + 222.222.2222 « Cell phone 222.222.2222 » Email emall@address.com

——). me  —
PROFILE

Sales Manager * Divisional Manager * Senior Account Manager * Key Account Manager
Business Development Manager ¢ Director of Sales * Vice President — Sales

Driven-to-succeed team-builder and industrial sales specialist offering a career chronicled by numerous
promotions at a Canadian market leader that strives to overcome clients’ losses while optimizing their
productivity. Record of identifying/ capturing new revenue sources, and managing productive teams during
transition and periods of uncertainty.Successful in contributing to the creation of products and services that
meet defined needs and assist in niche marketing efforts.

Earned a reputation as Company's “go-to” resource based on knack for putting out fires, providing answers to
complex questions, and getting the job done as promised. Role-model a lead-by-example motivational style
when accompanying sales force to instill confidence in bath sales teams and the clients. Comfortable using MS
Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), Strategic planner skilled at both short- and long-range goal-setting
(big picture orientation); proven ability to focus on what is truly important.

SKILLS CAPSULE

¢ Sales Tracking & Monitoring . EE Aree ENS | Den
. Team-Guliding Training. Development, & © Budgeting & Expense Review
Lea © Competitive, Market, & Trend Analysis
© Strategic Planning & Analysis * Performance Appraisals
New Product Launch & Positioning . Reviews
« Emerging Market © Goal-Setting & Incentive Planning
. Management, & Retention

CAREER SYNOPSIS

The Fluid Lite Corporation, Edmonton (AB) * Global Sales Manager

Joined the company as a Technical Sales Representative when it was originally known as Crossfield Labs; 2 years
later, it was sold to Oil Check Labs Inc., and 6 years after that, it was acquired by The Fluid Life Corporation.
Fast-tracked promotions into present newly-created role based on Company's successful expansion and
penetration in the U.S. market. Lead, motivate, and energize 7 direct reports comprising 2 District Managers, 4
Regional Account Managers, and 1 Sales Assistant. Key Achievements.

* Propelled double-digit revenue growth 6 years in a row ~ even in the face of intense competition and volatile
economic activity

« Captured such “name” accounts as Suncor Oil Sands, TransCanada PipeLines, Shell Albian, North American
Construction Group, and Syncrude Canada - with a yearty cumulative value In the 7 figures

© Wrote a hightly-detailed bid and proposal that beat out 50 competitors for Company to construct a facility in
Minneapolis, MN - a full-service laboratory and oil-testing facility that is slated to generate 7 figures in just 2
years