Justin Marsh

HEAD OF SALES

Contact

Summary

info@resumekraft.com
202-555-0120

Chicago, Illinois, US
linkedin.com/resumekraft

Over 15 years of experience in sales and key account
management for high profile online travel and e-commerce
companies.

Results driven sales and key account management leader generating
millions of dollars in revenue and maximizing profitability for industry
leading companies. Drives and implements strategies across multiple
roles in the technology, media, and travel industry. Matrix collaboration

Areas of expertise

with product, engineering, operations, finance, marketing and legal. Tourism & Online SEB en
Driven achiever known for building, motivating, and leading powerful Travel
=a" Sales Leadership Saas
Key Account Zee ea
Professional Experience Management
New Business SEa8 8
Group Head of Sales Development
Accenture Jan 2017 - Present _

e Manage and grow high performance Sales & Key Account team Baling Seen
Management Team of Meta Search and Digital Advertising Programs. Team Management Seeaea

e Responsible for biggest global client portfolio, including global OTA Strategic Planning S8eaeaea
accounts such as Booking.com, Hotels.com, as well as regional Marker REeaHiEt SEeee8
EMEA OTA accounts and tour operators.

e Devise solutions based selling balanced approach to what is right for Business Analysis Seaece
the client and the business. Develop new products in cooperation Organic Gardening Saeaa
with international cross-functional teams (product, engineering, Permaculture Sen
analytics/data science, operations, legal, finance).

e Planned and executed, as key member of selected team, sales
reorganization involving 300+ employees (2019). Languages

Senior Manager, Key Accounts English SEBE 8B
JK Solutions Ju/ 2010 - Dec 2016 French Beas

e Managed global key account and biggest book of business for Meta Arabic: see
Search Programs at TripAdvisor with more than $300m annual
revenue and double-digit growth YoY. German Bea

e Worked closely with cross-functional teams (product, analytics, data
science, engineering, finance, marketing and legal) to develop Hobbies

optimization strategies, new products and solutions for my client.
e Monitored and advised client on market and competitor movement.

Senior Client Marketing Manager

WooCommerce Apr 2008 - Jul 2010

Digital River offers SaaS commerce, payments and digital marketing
services. They are the leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-
Service solutions, supporting a best-in-class shopper experience across
all devices and complete order management.

e Managed and developed the online business for key accounts in the
software and consumer electronic industry. Delivered 43% YoY
revenue growth and client satisfaction score of 95%.

e Worked with SEO, SEM, Affiliate, Email Marketing teams to drive

Organic Gardening & Permaculture

Running

Hiking & Mountain Biking

Travelling