Medical Sales Associate

3+ years experienced medical sales professional skilled at sales, client relationship management, partnerships and negotiations,
Proficient at closing sales Geals worth millions of dollars. Mighty skilled professional with hands-on experience in devetoping
strategic relationships & increasing profitabilty. Adept at forging partnerships to deliver strategic benefits.

KEY SKILLS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sentor Medical Sales Representative San Diego. US | M2 Aug’? - Present
SiveBear Co. 4 acing srovider of pharm products

© Managing a team of 2 part time sates associates and 5 sales interns

Business Development & Data Analysts

© Conducting 3 meetings on a daily basis to achieve quarterly tangets worth $3 mn

© Establishing a sustainable business for the firm in California by building a large sales deal pipeline

© Periodically anaiysed sales data and new market trends to come up with strategies and drive sales revenue

Strategy Execution & Market Development

e@ Executed strategies to bulk the customer base and improve sales numbers by working closely with the Top Managernemt
© Developed market for the company’s products with desired output

@ Managed all activities related to sales & marketing etc.

Chent Relationship Management
© Managed key accounts in California including leading pharma startups such as Alpha Medicines, Heatth Products etc
e Ensuring that cordial relationships are maintained with existing clients to drive repeat business

Key Achievernents
© Acheved highest MoM revenue growth amorig all sales associates
© Awarded the ‘President's Award! | jul"14

BlueBear Pharma Co.
junior Executive - Medical Sates San Diego. US | MS Aug'!S~ Aug'17
SlveGBear Co. 4 Jeacding provider of pharma products.

Sales & Partnerships
Developed professional business relationships with clients and lacking of market trends
Conducted meetings with doctors to promote the company’s range of products in the terrtory
Generated prescriptions from doctors by providing scientific information about the products and explaining the benefits
Devtioped parinerships with the authorized datributors/stockists to ensure that the products are ahways available

EDUCATION

Boston, US | G3 May'f1 - jul 1S

Manvard University & ane of the works oldest and top ranked unvversities

* Top 10 percentile of the class