AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Conference events
People management
Customer service
Brand management
Business generation

Account management

PROFESSIONAL

Catering
qualifications

Health & safer
certified

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

B18 ONF

T: 0121 638 0026
dM: 0121 638 0026
Driving license: Yer

Maxine Curry

Director of sales
PERSONAL SUMMARY

A capable individual who has an existing “book of contacts” that she can bring with
her, and who is confident in her ability to generate business quickly. Maxine is a real
problem solver at heart, someone who is able to grasp complex problems and devise
cteative solutions. She is a team orientated professional who can successfully work
with people at different levels. On a personal level she has a positive, ‘can do’ attitude
and is hungry for success and reward. Right now she is keen to join a company that
only employs the most talented and which offers its customers the best service.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Birmingham
DIRECTOR OF SALES Fun 2013 — Present

Responsible for ensuring that the sales team collectively works together to drive the

business forward.

+ Meeting all agreed sales targets set by the Sales Director.

+ Traming and mentoring Junior Managers in account manazement.

+ Identifying talented members of staff and then assisting to develop them further.
business continues to operate successfully.

+ Networking at a senior level across existing and potential organisations.

» Writing up weekly and monthly sales activity reports.

Company name - Location

JOB TITLE Employment dates (ie. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Experience of co-ordinating or organising fictions and events.

+ Prepared to work unsocial hours, such as split shifts, early momings, evenings and
weekends im order to fulfil duties and be present at key functions.

+ Sound knowledge of Hygiene, Health & Safety issues.

+ Motivated by 2 passion for quality and great service delivery.

+ Keen to expand her existing technical knowledge and learn as much as possible.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton Universi 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Catering

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.