Ronald Collado

$56 Cakfornia Avenue reollado@verizon.net Home (631) 555-55
Port Jefferson, NY 11777 Mobile (917) 555-55

3
5

3
5

SALES & ACCOUNT MANAGER
8+ Years of Experience Delivering Over-Quota Sales Performance & Leading Team Revenue Growth

Goal-driven, tenacious sales and management professional demonstrating award-winning sales record in
highly competitive industries. Strong leader and team player; excellent motivational skills to build and
sustain forward growth momentum while motivating peak individual performance from team members,
Experience in managing all phases of sales development cycles, from prospecting and cold calling through
detailed presentations and negotiation to closing and follow-up activities.

Account Development / Customer Relationship Building / Multi-Level Sales Growth
Sales Training & Team Leadership / Region & Territory Expansion / Sales Presentations
Negotiation & Closing Activities / Solution & Consultative Sales Models / Account Retention
Customer Service Delivery / Financial & Investment Strategies / Product Research & Evaluation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

VICE PRESIDENT, SALES 2002 - Present
ABC FINANCIAL, New York, NY

Trained and directed team of 6 brokers in the fulfillment of business development and client
management objectives. Oversaw all phases of sales cycle, from prospecting and lead generation to
negotiations and closings; analyzed and pinpointed investment opportanities for individual clients
through extensive research efforts. Maintained uncompromising focus om service delivery to ensure long-
term relationships.

Selected Accomplishments:

Q Consistently ranked in tep S company-wide for sales production among staff of 600+ brokers,
bringing in $3.5 million in gross commissions throughout tenure.

Q Contributed to success of supervised brokers through hands-on training and mentoring, leading
team that generated $13 million in commissions.

VICE PRESIDENT 2001 - 2002
BAYSHORE FINANCIAL, New York, NY

Supervised team of 12 brokers in account prospecting and development activities. Conducted in-depth
research on stocks and related topics to provide best recommendations for clients. Mentored team
members and provided assistance with complex/ escalated client issues, Authorized sign-off on large
transactions.

Selected Accomplishments:

QO Led team to produce $10-12 million within 1.5-year period, carning commendations from upper
management for leadership performance.

Q Contributed $2 million in gross commissions and provided exemplary service for clients, leading
to stronger portfolios and excellent retention.

... Continued...