Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Professional Sales Representative BAS er sores ra

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Highly motivated, results oriented, dynamic professional with 28 years in the pharmaceutical
industry, Commendable performance and proven ability to sell and manage in a fast-paced
consistently changing sales environment.

SKILLS

Sales, Marketing, Finance.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Professional Sales Representative
Publicis Touchpoint Solutions - April 2015 - 2020

.

Educated Physicians and Staff on Xolair, an injection for Allergic Asthrna and CIU,

Educated physicians on the importance of diagnosing the Patient with Allergic Asthma by
testing for IgE levels,

Proven effective public speakirig and presentation skills.

Able to communicate at all levels of an organization and work well within atearn environment
In Support of company objectives.

Responsible for executing marketing strategies and sales inthe assigned territory,

Performed extensive market analysis in order to understand areas for developing business.
Responsible for driving sales of prescription medicine products through ethical interaction
with direct prescribing practitioners as well as other nor-prescribina healthcare providers,

Professional Sales Representative
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2015

Present Works to increase sales and market share for Pfizer products (Celebrex, Lyrica and
Spiriva) as well as to enhance Pfizers image.

Responsible for discussing tears successes, challenges and ideas to drive market share and
enhance the Pfizer partnership,

Utilized industry know-how and outstanding skills in marketing and promoting the
gastrointestinal (Gl), asthma/allergy, and antiblotic products , ;

Highlights Consistently obtained high ranks for the Share of Market Change #3/10 |n Distriet
and #3 0/250 in nation for branded Gi product #2/10 in.

Appointed to the R2/ADAM Advisory Board in New Jersey Awarded Retention Bonus for 100%
of quota selling Celebrex and Lyrica,

Walmart Technician -jiffy Lube - Good year tire,

Oil Tires Batteries Cashier.

EDUCATION
Bachelors of Sclence- (Southern Illinois University-Carbondale- Carbondale, IL)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings