ELIAS GRANT

| Main Street. New Clyland CA S1O10 1 | C: (S85) 27337 T exomple-emais example_com

SUMMARY

Customer Service Advisor skilled in exceeding sales goa ond company expectations by
expanding cient base and maintaining high slandoreds of customer service. Senses ewercinael 4

customer is npacringie epee ees Amedouepaes Effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships wil

cuttomers as part of a high-performing team.

HIGHLIGHTS
© Cold and warm caling * Proficient negotiator
* Revenue generation * Motivated and hard working
. ice-minded * Creative problem solver
© Technologically savvy * Refabie
© Friendly * Proactive
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
© Met monthly sales goats for 10 months straight,
* Routinely helped os mony as 150 customers each Gay ino high-valume
environment,
© Consistently Sistasistneeme 10-50%,
© Grew customer portfolio 15%
EXPERIENCE

02/2006 fo Current mine canary i

° Mee eaaeihs Peseoch teccroiodion ot coenchsah nat oeniessemdlnagin dete:
to accurately answer all questions ond effectively recommend corect

Cold and worm call prospective clients to establish new business.
° Follow up with estabish cuttorners to offer additional products or

services.
Decument all customer inquiries and comments thoroughly and quickly.
© Cocedinale between billing depariment and customers fo resolve

problems,

© Created customer database with detailed notes fo review on future
cals in order to cement relationships with key cients and maintain
revenue streams,

10/2003 to 01/2008 Customer Service Advisor

Design Mita - New Citylend,
Crates cusomen ta lay fston. while quick deterning the

° Reumeael customer questions about product availability and sioment

© Placed speciol merchandise orciers for customers.

© Held intial design consultations to assess customer needs and develop
scope fce owner to review,

Set up design cisplays fo highight concepts in showroom.

» Conlocied clents to set up appointments. request infcernation, and
survey satisfaction,

Danner College « Now Cityland. C4
Coursework in Technical Writing. Marketing. English. and Computer Science