Maria G. Rivera
437 Shutter Lane, Chatham, NJ 07885
(973) 467-6661 | mrivera787 @gmail.com

ENTRY-LEVEL PHARMACEUTIAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE

Budding Pharmaceutical Sales Representative equipped with a proven track record of building fruitful
relationships, exceeding quota expectations and facilitating sales through effective client service. Solid scientific
education, sound business, strong communication skills and diplomatic negotiation abilities will enable a smooth
transition as a productive and successful sales representative. Possess self-motivation, strong work ethic,
competitive drive and collaborative spirit to win,

EDUCATION

Rutgers, The State University Of New Jersey, Newark, NJ January 2012
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, Concentration: Marketing GPA 3.5
Montclair State University, College of Math and Science, Montclair, NJ January 2009

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, BIOLOGY, Cum Laude

I
TELECOMATICINC., Montclair, NJ 2009 — Present
Leasing & Recording Specialist
Establish solid working relationships with 27 building owners and managers leading the company’s properties.
Negotiate favorable lease and amendment terms with landlords for cellular equipment locations and
established the recording process for the company,
e Execute 8-13 leases per month and numerous amendments on lease renewals between landlords & tenants
in a timely and efficient manner. Met and exceeded required signing targets and related deadlines.
Coordinate weekly design visit schedules for architectural, engineering, and administrative teams.
Served as the Team Leader to roll out the memoranda filing project, which hada $125,000 budget to execute.
Establish and maintain relationships with seven surrounding county clerk offices.
Organize tracking of all current and completed projects, keep files current and reconcile documents.
Finalize/edit all title reports and documents meeting all required deadlines.

ROSE GARDEN RESTAURANT, Bloomfield, NJ 2006 — 2009
Lead Server / Floor Manager
Trained and supervised new employees on policies, procedures and tactics to drive sales.
Delegated opening and closing tasks amongst 14-person server/bartending teams to expedite process.
Provided high-caliber service to customers at bar and dining room including up selling menu items and drinks
to raise the dollars per check average by $1.82 per patron from 2006 to 2008.
Handled monthly and periodic inventory counts of all service items instock, for inventory valued at $115,000.
Reconciled checks nightly to record sales, averaging $8,200 in sales per day.
Pramoted incoming ovents through tarceted marketing offarts and laral community nublidty