Peter Smith

324 Spring Meadow Lane
New York, NY, 10003
(212) 456-1414
peter.smith@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

H&M INC., New York, NY
Retail Sales Manager, Jul 2007 — present
e Direct and supervise employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking, reconciling cash
receipts, or in performing services for customers.
e Enforce safety, health, and security rules.
e Instruct staff on how to handle difficult and complicated sales.
e Hire, train, and evaluate personnel in sales or marketing establishments, promoting or
firing workers when appropriate.
e Inventory stock and reorder when inventory drops to a specified level.
e Examine merchandise to ensure that it is correctly priced and displayed and that it
functions as advertised.
e Monitor sales activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality
goods.

VICTORIAS SECRET, New York, NY
Retail Salesperson, Jul 2006 — Jan 2008
e Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating
charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.
e Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and
desires.
e Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
e Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.
e Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.

EDUCATION

Queens Community College, Queens, NY
Completed coursework towards Bachelor of Art in Marketing, May 2005

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

e Electronic funds transfer point of sale e Data base user interface and query
equipment —Electronic funds transfer software —Gift registry software
EFT terminals

e Cash registers —Cash registers; e Point of sale POS software —ASI
Computerized cash registers Complete software, American Precision

e Bar code reader equipment —Barcode Instruments Regit, Attitude POS itive
scanners AccuPOS Retail

324 Spring Meadow Lane New York, NY, 10003 (212) 456-1414 _ peter.smith@gmail.com

,

é L, time Lh Ch0WiCE