22 Street Rd. » City, State * 00000
222.222.2222 « Call phone 222.222.2222 © email@address.com

PROFILE
Sales Manager * Director of Sales + National Accounts Sales Manager * VP of Sales

History of delivering quote-surpassing performance across diverse industries through
relentiess customer focus and disciplined sales strategy execution

Expert in consultative and solution selling with proven ability to identify and capitalize on business-
building opportunities while gaining buy-in from groups with differing agendas. Known for devising

comprehensive programs to expand product listings and build quality pipelines to profitably increase both
dotlar and unit volumes - all with a focus on top quality. Expert communicator with demonstrated ability
to listen to customer needs, devise solutions to meet specific objectives, and build customers’ trust and
respect, Extreme savvy in establishing strong negotiating positions, articulating competitive value, and
exploiting new business opportunities. Maintain dual citizenship in both the U.S. and Canada.

Began career at Rubbermaid Inc. as a Marketing Trainee: fast-tracked promotions to National Accounts
Sales Manager (Sanitary Maintenance, Food Service, Industrial Business); National Sales Manager
(Sanitary NMelntanenoes and Sales Manager - National Accounts. Key Achievements:

© Injust 7 years, catapulted revenues from $7 million to over $110 million
. aacesaeleyr td atecrencs keteraeais- tr ycecharen’ reer wsint choe y gaamal, seaaeamaganel
Company divisional associates who called on Home Depot mercha
. Servant he cauahien we chonens Compara’ shod fanmaga at tome apo tesek 2k tse ower 400 fib
well as distribution from 3 to 8 categories
¢ Picked by senior management to analyze U.K. home improvement trends and offerings based on the
growth Depot

© Continually recognized for top sales and delivering service beyond expectations

KEY STRENGTHS
* Market Identification, Quantification, Analysis, * Employee Coaching & Mentoring

bfstern © Partnership & Alliance Formation jing
. + Mut ton Door Ses & Product Supervision
‘orecasting © Profit Maximization

CAREER SYNOPSIS
Home Products International, Chicago (IL) 2008-2010
~ Home I

National Sales Manager
Personally sought out by Executive V.P. of Sates for this newly-created role to customize vast product fine
offerings for such prominent new clients as Home Depot, Lowe's, and Menard’s ~ the latter a privately
held retailer based in the American mid-west. Key Achievements:

¢ Exceeded sales plan by 34% and held Top Two performance ranking (out of 7 Sales Managers)

¢ Established company as a formidable laundry category supplier at both Lowe's (new supplier) and
Menard's (key supplier)

¢ Despite currency exchange volatility, grew Canadian business from $0 to about $3 million at such

retail juggernauts as Canadian Tire and WalMart ~ ail in onty 18 months