Sales and Service Representative Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

To obtain a position with a well-established institution where | can both contribute my current
skills and knowledge as well as have an opportunity to grow professionally and work my way up
through hard work and determination.

Skills

Sales, Customer Service, Communication.
Work Experience

Sales and Service Representative
ABC Corporation - October 2007 - Decernber 2009

* Sourced and secured new custorners for sales and service delivery of rental equipment for the
oll and gas industry,
Networked and prospected with clients through traveling 1,000 miles weekly on rough terrains
at drilling and production rig sites,
Presented offerings, negotiated contracts, and delivered equipment to clients,

* Performed minor service repairs as needed.

* Serviced and maintained existing accounts while continuously prospecting for new business.

* Charged with rapid account growth at atime when the company was expanding into a new
market,

* Collected containerized waste like used oil filters and etc.

Sales And Service Representative

Auto Chior System - 2006- 2007

404) 766-0827 Maintaining and servicing dishwashers on established route.

* Establishing new Sales of companion products.

* Resolving service calls during route and after hours.

* Obtaining price increases and updated contracts for Auto Chior customers.

* Answering customer questions concerning product lines and providing solutions.

* Collecting payment from customers and controlling route AR.

* Maintaining company vehicle and keeping within company and DOT regulations regarding
loading and shipping of products and safe driving protocol.

Education

Associate of Applied Science in Computer Alded Drafting & Design - (ITT Technical Institute -
Murray, UT)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines