TIMOTHY BETTER

Maintown, IN 96660 ¢ (555) 888-3678 ¢ timbetter21 @hownail.com

SALES MANAGER
Sales professional with proven talent for establishing new contacts, closing orders, and generating repeat and
referral business through effective account management and excellent customer service, Exceptional
communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with an outstanding ability to eam customer loyalty.
Ability to apply strong problem-solving skills, persistence, and resourcefulness to achieve positive results.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
* Account Management © Cross-Selling Up-Selling
© Business Development ¢ Customer Retention
* Competitive Analysis © Lead Management
* Consultative Selling * Market Research Analysis
* Contract Negotiation © Marketing Management
* Prospecting ‘Cold Calling © Sales Forecasting Budgeting
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Sales Representative, 06 2014 to Current
Truck Inc. = Maintown, IN
Assist Indianapolis sales team in testing and implementing new SAP CRM System. Proficient with SAP and
Goldmine CRM Systems. Leader in SAP utilization. In 2016 & 2017 awarded Great Lakes Region Indianapolis
Branch Aftermarket Salesperson of the Year.
* Implement sales strategies resulting in 130% growth of customer base in Northwest Indiana Teritory.
* Accomplish 20% increase in revenue by training sales professionals and achieved in 2017 Great Lakes
Region Top Performer award by adding 317 units and.
© Lead cooperative effort in growing Crown Lift's New Lift Truck market share in Northwest Region to 50%
in 4-years.

Regional Sales Manager, 05/2010 to 04.2014
ABC Systems — Maintown, IN
Partnered with Dealers to analyze customer needs while applying productive solutions to meet expectations.
Established service schedule for technicians and provided quotes and negotiated competitive deals.
* Expanded and developed relationships with material handling dealers.
* Created tumkey solutions with technical support designed to resolve unique customer demands,