Mandy Town

Junior Sales Assistant

CONTACT DETAILS

07123456789
® mandy@icloud.com

@ London

CORE SKILLS

» Customer services

Retail assistance
» Luxury retail brands

» Customer engagement

Sales assistance

Team collaboration

Cash handling
* Sales
« Service knowledge

» Refund processing

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Accomplished sales associate with a successful background in the delivery
of exceptional customer service and the ability to assist high-profile
customers with the sales of luxury goods.

Demonstrates exceptional communication and robust relationship building
skills and encourages team collaboration in order to achieve excellent levels
of customer satisfaction. Customer-focused and experienced in retail, with
proven ability to work towards and consistently exceeding targets.
Committed to the delivery of high service standards, with strong customer
care skills and the resourcefulness to deliver consistent sales results.

CAREER SUMMARY

May 2017 - Present Selfridges, London
Sales Associate

Outline

Collaborating with a team consisting of 52 members in order to assist
customers with the unique selection of luxury products for special occasions
for the leading retail store.

Key Responsibilities

« Applying excellent customer service skills whilst offering advice and
assistance to customers in a professional and efficient manner

e Working in compliance with high standard company practices and in
accordance with luxury brand requirements

e Handling payments and refunds at the busy cash desk and welcoming
an average of 50 -70 customers on a daily basis

e Utilising interpersonal and communication skills while engaging with
customers to tailor recommendations

e« Offering friendly and approachable assistance while ensuring that the
shop floor remains clean and tidy

e Meeting and achieving KPls, exceeding targets and expectations by
remaining motivated

e Attending and engaging in team meetings relating to budgets and
targets and company updates

Key Achievements

« Worked towards the successful achievement of financial targets ranging
from £54K to £115K, on a Saturday during the busy sale period.

e Metand exceeded individual KPI's such as the as the DCC (direct
currency converter), a service which allows customers pay in their local
currency, with an individual target of 76%.

« Successfully achieved targets related to CA (Customer Acquisitions) by
signing up all customers that spent over £500 to the Harrods rewards
card.

« Contributed to the achievement of an increase in the NPS (Net
Promoter Score), with the Gift Store acquiring the highest score of 75%.

e Successfully hit 100% following mystery shopper attendance,
substantially exceeding the target of 94%.

Page!