HANIE JOBS

11/12/1991 e MOSCOW e@ +9 999 999 9999 e hello@kickresume.com
Profile

Sales Intelligence manager with a proved capability of meeting business requirements, introducing new approaches to old or
not optimal processes in sales, operations and reporting. Looking for a position in foreign/Russian company with broad
responsibilities in analytics/strategy/commercialization functions

Work experience

11/2016 - present Regional Sales Intelligence Manager
PepsiCo, Moscow, Russia
Manage a team of 5 analytics in direct report.
¢ Performed a reorganization of Sales Intelligence structure within a region.
¢ Introduced new reporting pack that covered standard and non-standard KPIs and
provided sales teams with new detalization using minimum reports (reduced from 13 to 4
reports)
¢ Ensured a smooth transition to new reporting processes for all key users.
* Established a clear data-flow process between SI team and sales, marketing, finance
teams
* Developed new planning tools for LKA and TT channel that allowed managers to forecast
next periods based on a clear set of drivers
¢ Introduced new regular presentations to control main projects within region
¢ Introduced a procedure of Distributors monitoring and then aligned it across all regions

07/2016 - 11/2016 Sales Operations Project Manager

PepsiCo, Moscow , Russia

Was promoted as a project manager to launch a new GTM in Moscow and develop a toolkit for

other cities:

Managed an implementation of a project map through a cross-functional team
Modernized reporting processes and tools for results monitoring
Developed and Launched a tool for optimal coverage modelling for all ‘roll out' cities
Developed methodologies for several regional and national motivation programs
Organized the biggest Field day in company to promote and introduce new GTM in
Moscow
e Reported detailed analysis of project results to top-managers and introduced fine-
tuning scenarios to provide cost reduction by 3% with a proved 10% uplift

¢ Applied an expertise to develop a new GTM parameters for a Traditional channel

06/2015 - 07/2016 Sales Operations Business Process Specialist
PepsiCo, Moscow, Russia
Was assigned for a testing of new Go-To-Market model in the biggest region.
1. Performed a complete analysis of current coverage to build AS IS and TO BE models (incl.
scenario analysis) for management steering commeetees
2. Introduced new methods for KPIs measurement and developed a methodology for a
progress monitoring
3. Structured and performed analysis and primary research that revealed main model issues
and generated insights about project efficiency and additional opportunities for
improvement
4. Calculated business cases for a launch of new GTM in Moscow and 7 regions

05/2014 - 06/2015 Junior Consultant at a Department of Strategic Development
IBS
Main responsibilities:
* Provided analysis of current situation of client’s business (orgstructure, employee policy,
supply chain). Build business process models “AS |S” , “TO BE” (using ARIS tool);
* Conducted market research, interviews with clients and proposed appropriate strategic
and IT solutions (technical requirement) for client’s business;
¢ Assisted in a development of Russian Informational System ([MICM Mpombilue@HHOCTb)
for an Industry Monitoring for the Ministry of Industry
* Nominated as "the best first-year consultant of a department”

Education

Institute of Business Software Applications, Moscow, Russia

09/2013 - 07/2015 I Corporate University of IBS group
Master's degree in Applied IT. Certified Project Manager (Level D, IMPA)