Marvin Petersen

Sales Representative

Goal-oriented sales representative with 2+ years of experience. Seeking to boost the exciting and

evolving sales culture at XYZ Inc., and eager to contribute to product improvements. Regularly
exceeded KPIs by 20% and identified 50+ new leads.

Experience
2016 - Outside Sales Representative
2017 Best Food 4U Inc.

Cultivated relationships with restaurant Owners and decision makers in the
designated territory. Maintained regular business relations with 50+ clients.

Created and maintained a robust sales pipeline. Identified up to 20 new leads
quarterly.

Analyzed sales/metrics data from the designated territory to help evolve sales
Strategy.

Ensured that merchants receive the highest level of sales and operational customer
service. Scored 90% in a quarterly customer satisfaction Survey.

Key Achievement:

Exceeded sales targets and activity metrics: KPIs at the level of 170% and 25+ new

clients.
2015 - Inside Sales Representative
2016 Foodline xX

Presented, promoted and sold products and services using solid arguments to
existing and prospective customers.

Performed cost-benefit and needs analysis of existing and potential customers to
meet their needs.

Established, developed and maintained positive business and _ customer
relationships.

Reached out to customer leads through cold calling and emailing. 50+ cold calls
daily.

Coordinated sales effort with team members and other departments.

Analyzed the territory and market’s potential, tracked sales and status reports.
Identified 30+ new leads.

Continuously improved through feedback.

Key Achievements:

Education

Exceeded agreed upon sales targets and outcomes by 20% on a regular basis.
Expedited the resolution of customer problems and complaints to maximize
satisfaction. Scored 95% in customer satisfaction Survey.

2008 BA, Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles UCLA
GPA 3.5
Relevant coursework:

Behavioral psychology
Statistics

¢ Social psychology

Certificates

NLP Practitioner Certification

Interests

Competitive alpine skiing

World cuisine

Personal Info

Phone
321-456-7878

E-mail

marvin.petersen@gmail.com

LinkedIn

linkedin.com/in/marvinpetersen

Twitter
twitter.com/marv_p

Skills

Interpersonal skills

Communication

Time management

Collaboration

Organization

Negotiation

Product and service knowledge

Sales techniques

BRM/CRM (Salesforce)

MS Office

Languages

Spanish

Advanced