SENIOR SALES MANAGER — ACE, GLOBAL & INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL BUSINESS
REVENUE EXPANSION ® MARKET SHARE GROWTH ® KEY ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
see

Award-winning sales wader in the New Jersey hospitality market, who ranks among the top 5 sales managers across all
New Jersey Marriotts. Nearly a decade of experience, capped by successes with the #1 student group company in the
U.S., and the #1 travel operator bringing world travelers to the region. Verifiable record of delivering over-and-above
sales quotas. Aggressive in prospecting and cultivating new business, while maintaining long-term relationships with
current accounts. Finesse interfacing with vendors: travel operators, student group leaders, travel agencies, meeting and
convention agencies, and incentive houses. Unparalleled customer relationship management skills. Bilingual: English and
Spansh.

« Strategic Sales & Marketing « Hotelligence* Data Analysis
+ Business Travel Sales + Competitive Bidding

» Domestic & International Letsure Travel Sales + Contract Negotiations

+ Competitive Positioning + Vendor Relations

+ Strategic Pricing « Guest Relations

ROFESSIONALHISTORY

NEWARK MARRIOTT, Newark, NJ 2009 — Present
Senior Sales Manager, International Sales

Recruited to this #1 revenue-generating hotel for all of Marriott Worldwide, New Jersey's largest full-service property,
with 2,200 rooms and 160,000 sq. ft. of meeting space. Joined 3-member team driving $15 million in ACE business and
$10 million in International Group and Domestic Group Travel business. Directly responsible for Asian, European, and
Latin American markets as well as select domestic accounts.

@ Ranked among top 5 sales managers across all New Jersey Marriott, collectively delivering $250 million’
annually, and awarded 2011 "Marriott Worldwide Sales Tear of the Year.”

@ Accomplished ~50% over revenue quota for 4 consecutive trimesters, garnering Marriott Worldwide nomination
for Circle of Excellence Award.

@ Captured largest student group company in U.S. from key competitor and expanded account by nearly $2 million.
Managed extended sales cycle, and promised and delivered competitive rates and expedited response time.

& Magnified 7x ACE business from largest tour operator bringing world travelers to New Jersey, growing that
account from 2,200 rooms to 15,000 annually. Presented revenue model with incentives to win share spread
around city.

MARRIOTT NEWARK AIRPORT, Elizabeth, NJ 2009 - 2010
Business Travel Sales Manager

Rejoined this full-service, 450-room property 1 year into national economic decline and subsequent compression of
business travel sector. Therefore, challenged to cultivate local and corporate business travel accounts, as well as all ACE
and consortia business, which comprises ~35% of transient rooms budget and ~28% of overall rooms budget, Scope also
encompassed training newly hired Sales Manager at Hampton Suites Montvale.

@ Expanded business travel account prospect list 50%, pinpointing and leveraging Hotelligence® insights and
aggressively soliciting local companies.

& Grew ACE market. Renewed focus on this segment, which had lulled due to perception of airport hotel not being
1" choice for leisure travelers. Offered strategic pricing to gain share.