AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Sales prospecting
Relationship building
Pisual merchandising
Handling objections
Generating quotes

Competitor analysis

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd

The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E. info(@idayjod.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Sales Professional

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A positive, engaging and action oriented Sales Professional who views every customer
as a potential sale. Maxine possesses a competitive spirit and is able to bring vigour,
energy and excitement to all areas of customer interaction. She is comfortable with
being the outside face of a company’s marketing team. As a fearless sales hunter who
is money motivated she possesses the determination to achieve results no matter what
the obstacles, she is someone who will be sure to have an immediate impact on your
bottom line. Right now, she is looking for a suitable position with a thriving company
where there is strong potential for further earning and advancement.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location

SALES PROFESSIONAL Jun 2013 — Present

Responsible for meetme the expectations of her employer and the requirements of her
customers by giving clients what they want at the price they are willing to pay.

Duties:

+ Making sales presentations to customers at fairs. shows, businesses and residences.
+ Handling all relevant administrative aspects of a sale, such as filling in order forms.
+ Quickly responding to any customer requests for information and prices.

+ Following up on all prospective leads, by contacting them and staying in touch.

+ Communicating with customers in a fnendly, prompt and professional manner.

+ Confidently presenting the company’s products and services to customers.

+ Maintaining strong knowledge of the company’s products and promotions.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 —Jum 2013)

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (i.e. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Superb telephone etiquette and able to professionally talk to key decision makers.

+ Available to work a flexible schedule that includes evenmes and weekends.

+ Maintaining the professional appearance & cleanliness of all areas of the showroom.
+ Ability to work under pressure, manazing uncertainty and adapt to rapid change.

+ Writing up high quality response documentation to customers who have written in.
+ Excellent social media knowledge of platforms such a Twitter and Facebook etc.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton Universi 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.

i
5