M arc y S imm 4S Sometown, FL 55555 ® Available to Relocate Nationwide

(555) 555-5555 ¢ LinkedIn URL * ms@somedomain.com
Entry-Level Sales / Business Development Professional

Honors student at ABC College’s communications program — highly motivated to launch professional sales
career. Excellent interpersonal, communication and relationship-building skills. Listen attentively, commuimicate
persuasively and follow through diligently.

Skills

e Customer Acquisition e Public Speaking e Sales Reports & Correspondence
e New Business Generation e Complaint Handling e Inventory Management

e PowerPoint Presentations e Consultative Sales e POS Systems

Education

ABC COLLEGE, Sometown, FL
BA in Communications (in-progress), GPA: 3.75

e Awards & Honors: Student Achievement Scholarship; Communications Honor Society; Frederick
McMillan Award for Academic Excellence

e Volunteerism: Save the Children; Tutor, Miami Family Shelter; Crisis Line Staff, Women’s Center
Work Experience (concurrent with college studies)

Bartender, 2015 to Present ¢ ABC RESTAURANT AND LOUNGE, Sometown, FL

Handle the setup, service and daily operations of bar serving an international clientele, tourists and business

travelers. Enter orders into POS system; prepare daily sales reports for management; complete monthly

inventory; and perform heavy cash-handling and reconciliation functions.

Accomplislonents:

e Earned commendations for exemplary service delivery (average of 100 guests per shift). Singled out on
comment cards for “going above and beyond” and “providing outstanding service and attention to guests.”

e Established positive rapport with customers, upsold products and built a loyal clientele.

e Selected and streamlined bar products based on analysis of consumption and sales, resulting in superior
inventory and selection for guests.

¢ Developed floor plans for auxiliary bars used for large private parties. Outcomes included faster service,
improved efficiency and enhanced guest satisfaction.

Server / Bartender, 2014 to 2015 © DEF HOTEL, Sometown, FL

Served food and beverages at a luxury, historic hotel. Anticipated and met guests’ needs while working
efficiently in a fast-paced environment.

Accomplislonents:

e Achieved the highest per-night sales averages (out of 10+ servers) by upselling orders and suggesting
add-ons / extras to meals.

¢ Proved the ability to multitask, handle crowds of up to 350 people, resolve customer issues and excel within a