Deborah Smith, Dayjob Ltd, 120 Vyse Street, Birmingham 818 GNF

Sales Manager Qggpaemenses

PERSONAL STATEMENT

An enthusiastic, ambitious and professional individual who has a proven track record of achieving results in highly competitive
environments. A true sales professional who is driven to hunt for new business, and is mentally resilient enough to be able to push past
rejection to achieve results. Deborah is a talented sales manager who can enhance the performance of any business by using ber
energy, drive and commitment to succeed to build outstanding relationships with customers and drive overall revenue growth, Her
performance is results driven and as 2 quick learner she is fast at absorbing new ideas and adapting to changing scenarias. Right now
the is now looking for a suitable managerial position with a company that is renowned for hiring exceptional people and for giving them
unparalleled opportunities to build their careers and capabilities.

Marketing Negotiating Dynamic Smart

Marketing strategies Strong closing skills Entrepreneurial flair Coming up with ideas
Marketing campaigns Influencing skills increasing revenue growth Commercial judgement

Customer focused Building relationships High energy levels Analysing data

‘Sales orientated Account management People management Effective planning skills

Brand awareness Selling creatively Business planning Innovative

Preseritation skills Up-selling Writing reports Business sense

CAREER HISTORY

Financial Services Company - Birringharn

SALES MANAGER Apr 2005 — Present

Responsible for organising and leading a team and developing and delivering the company’s Sales and Marketing strategy within a specific
region. in charge of ensuring that existing and new customer relationships are strengthened to continue to grow, and that revenue and
profit targets are achieved. Although office-based, also required to spend e considerable amount of time visiting sales tearns in the field.
Duties

Generating new business by leveraging existing relationships, prospecting, conducting market analysis and launching campaigns.
Manirnising sales performance through delivering an exceptional customer experience, people management and cost control_
Developing and maintaining efficient & effective reporting systems for tracking prospects from initial enquiry through to close.
identifying and developing sustainable relationships with key accounts at both strategic and tactical level.

Recruiting, training and developing new sales and marketing teams.

Driving and managing the entire sales process — targeting to top prospects, identifying client solutions, negotiating and dosing.
Acting 25 a role model for junior staff by setting high standards through personal behaviour and actions.

Ensuring staff camply with all company policies, processes and procedures, and addressing any shortfalls.

insurance Company - Coventry
ASSISTANT SALES MANAGER Jan 2008 - Apr 2009

Mortgage & Loan Company - Birmingham
SALES REP Aug 2007 - Jan 2009