JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd. 222-222-2222/ 222-222-2222
City, State 00000 email @address.com/email@address.com

General Management — Sales / Retail Operations
PROFILE

High-capacity, seasoned experience in sales initiatives, store operations, new business development, multi-
product management, strategic planning and industry networking initiatives in B2C mass retail environments.
Entrepreneurial leadership in growing and supervising new locations in regional markets, rolling out profit-
oriented merchandising programs and surpassing sales & profit goals for Canada’s largest electronics retailer.

> Record-setting background as Top Manager, Revenue Generator and Team Builder in all aspects of
business growth, including competitive analysis, target marketing, inventory control, brand positioning,
labor relations and regulatory compliance,

>» Successful development and implementation of successful market strategies and high-impact business
plans with a visionary approach; ensure rapid delivery of high-growth revenue results.

> Expertise in the negotiation and execution of complex projects, contracts and deals with top management
and key decision-makers; fully familiar with P&L, budgeting and cost reductions.

> Effective hiring, taining, supervision, mentoring, deployment and development of reliable personnel at
management, staff and field levels.

» Mentoring and motivation of teams to achieve peak performance, penetrate competitive markets, maintain
peak quality service and meet aggressive business objectives.

>» Multi-tasking talents in team formation, organization, needs analysis and attention to detail in time-
sensitive situations; Career exposure to regional markets and consumer-facing environments.

> Focused skills in operational excellence, business expectations, relationship building, change management,
positive attitude and executive accountability.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Sales Strategies e People Development e Performance Metrics e Competitive Analysis e Workforce Planning e

Business Savvy e Financial Acumen e P&L/Budgeting ¢ Operational Streamlining e Cost Controls « Strategic

Planning ¢ Service Culture e Team Motivation e Store Operations « Social Media e Customer Engagement
Community Involvement e Lost Prevention Strategies

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Future Shop, Toronto, ON 1996 — 2010
General Manager, 2003-2010

In charge of managing all aspects of store operations, sales initiatives, marketing efforts and client relations
for the largest retailer of electronics in Canada. Continued to utilize abilities in visual merchandising, team
building, proposal generation, program implementation and overall business operations. Developed and
implemented ongoing process improvements to enhance productivity and streamline store retail functions.
Tracked and analyzed market conditions, technology advances and financial dynamics.

* Transferred to the largest store ($51 million) in Canada in 2009 after exceptional job performance at other
district locations; instituted a common business strategy for all 150 associates.

>» Organized and administered the company’s best ever VIP events with over 200% of budget for 2010,
generating higher Q4 profit over previous year and continually roiling out innovative product lines.
Initiating a successful Q? for Sales, Profitability and Shrink for 2010.