Craig mages m
Davies Binrangners

Sales tins rT) |
Representative | emeanoncom

PERSONAL STATMENT

A dynamic young person wke has a strong Ges@e to break into sales and marketing Craig 6 seit momvaned, well organined
ard Dossesses SuperD COMM ent atlon shilk aad sound business awareness. He more than able fo work on bik owe Wetlative
within a vibeant Sales Tean, and to llae directly with customers. As an aspiring sales reps le eetbumianne, prepared 10
wort hard and bes strong new business hunting skills. He & able to bull be own territory and initiate a strategy to achiev &
Short, wid ahd long Term sales Success. Sigh now he is heeking fer an entry level pewon with & company [hat rears hand-
work, Commvtrweet and loyaty with 2 fantastic benefits package and wery real opportunites for progression.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Coventry North College 2011+ 2012

Diploma in Marketing Pen
Birmingham South High Schoot

Matrs 2008 - 2071

English Pass

Geography Pass

Physics Pas

Business Studies Pass

‘COMPETENCIES

SALES  Mataging and growing 2 terrRery of indepenctont tetaiiorns.

& Ability te build retations hips ettectheoty with customers across all kevels,
G Folkreg wo mew leeds with customers and quictly pointing aut the benefits of 4 product of service.
@ Abie to work in a door te doce and face to face sales capacity.

PROFESSIONAL —& impeccatie customer service shit.
BW Always Getivering the Devt paitée solutions flor customers
1B Being «role modet for Brands through Being lomacutatehy presented & professional.
1B An eye for Commercial and sales opportunities

PERSONAL & An unbeatable work ethic and determined attitude towards hitting sales targets,
% Eecettent comrmurcation ckills aed highly personable.
B Abmity to ivfluence tey dechien makers.
& An ambitious and positive team player,

SALES SHELLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

& Strong & confident communicatet ever the phone & face to fare,

@ Computer iterate anc proficiency in the Engish language,

@ icenttying and developing sew accounts, whitst mattaining and developing sisting accounts.

@ Abbiity to work under presvere and to meet deadlines.

@ Cecetent nepotiating skits

@ Knowledge of ef aspects of customer care teciuding: new account epplicatios, meeting customer expectation,
Castorner complaints, credit facilites aed mynice payments.

HW Asange of advanced sefing stifs, from prospecting to closing

& Dealing with all customer queries, etticsently and effectwely -

HOBBIES

in his spare tine Craig like to take pert in competitive activities, such as reentally challenging competitions, oub
Quizzes and sports events, As 4 naturally energetc person he also tates part in physical actheities such #s jogging.
swimming and cycling, At the end of the day he wsually unwinds by meentng up with friends fora meal.

REFERENCES ~ Avlette on request