FIRST NAME LAST NAME
City [Phone | email
AUTOMOTIVE SALES MANAGER

A resourceful, results-driven Automotive Sales Manager with vast experience in sales strategizing and
systems in a large dealership. Valuable expertise in selling luxury and classic cars, using deep automotive
knowledge and passion to develop client relationships and industry contacts. Skilled in setting objectives,
forecasting sales targets and communicating them to teams and key stakeholders.

Sales style founded on strategic planning skills and a respect for client needs to drive revenue growth and
client satisfaction. Use innovative techniques to lead tearns by example and train/evaluate sales staff. Ability
to think analytically and conduct market research to determine most effective marketing and advertising
strategies. Adept in monitoring profitability and initiating change in order to enhance bottom line. Focused
on maintaining a balanced new and pre-owned vehicle inventory.

AREAS OF PROVEN PERFORMANCE

Strategic Sales Growth Client Relationship Building #Pre-Owned & New Car Salese Sales Forecasting
Advertising & Marketing ¢ Repeat Businesse Negotiations ¢ Team Building & Trainings Process
Improvemente CRM (One-Eighty) ¢ Automotive Industry Knowledge Lease Portfolio Development
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Title | City Date

+ Independently ran a classic/collector car dealership, making vehicle acquisitions, arranging a leasing
program and vehicle transportation; sell/lease 2-3 cars per month.

Title | City Date

Building and leading a team of 8 sales people, grew the dealership from a small operation into one of the
most profitable in Canada, selling up to 600 cars per year at an average of $46K per unit.

Selected achievements

= Overseeing sales of new and pre-owned cars, maintained the highest market share in Canada for 5 years;
named Top Sales Person in Canada and Top Level Sales Manager on separate occasions, as well as
receiving numerous bonuses, awards and trips.

* Operated with a smaller team than competitors to achieve better profitability, and consistently exceeded
targets in profits, CSI results and sales volurne-

* Introduced leasing/financing products and warranty policies to the dealership, growing lease
penetration to over 60% and achieving lease retention of 65%, making it the highest performing in
Canada.

* Created and developed the dealership’s pre-owned sales department, growing it from conception to
selling around 40 units per month

* Contributed to the allocation of a $2M advertising budget and media plan development,

* Implemented effective sales training programs, interviewed and hired staff, and performed daily
performance reviews.

* Created and implemented dealership processes and sales systems for staff to follow, such as sales calls
scripts, service prospecting calls and CSI follow-ups.

* Coordinated product launch events, sponsorships, sales events, training events and other

* Developed leasing and financial systems, working with the financial department on credit, funding and
rate/residual programs.