JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. 222/222-2222
City, State 00000 email@address.com

NATIONAL SALES MANAGER
PROFILE

High-capacity sales experience in new business development, key account management, branding strategies
and territory growth initiatives in international B2B and industrial marketplaces. Proficient as a strategic
thinker, process advocate and product champion in all aspects of value-added solution sales, including market
analysis, new product development, deal accountability and dient relationship building.

> Highly skilled in developing and implementing successful business plans for high-impact product offerings
with a confident selling approach; rapid delivery of high-growth revenue results.

> Influential communicator with strong interpersonal tatents in translating client requirements into simptified
business terms and benefit summaries that drive executive decision-making and account retention.

» Entrepreneurial expertise in the negotiation and execution of complex contracts and agreements with top
management, major vendors and key decision-makers.

> Self-motivated to achieve peak team performance, penetrate competitive markets, maintain optimal
customer satisfaction and meet aggressive business objectives.

> Proficient in building, training, motivating, mentoring and directing top-performing groups of sales and
marketing professionals; ase lottnar abe Pa, aoe eraia Watdeaten and comers

> Hands-on stewardship abilities in building and retaining key accounts and profitable relationships with
commerdal and industrial market leaders in North America and Mexico.

» Expertise in fluid power, robotics and power transmission technologies.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

New Business Development e Strategic Planning e Sales Lifecycle Management e Relationship Building «
Performance Metrics « Competitive Market Analysis e Business Savvy @ P&L/Budgeting « Revenue Generation
© Profit Building e Contract Negotiations e Target Marketing « Change Management e Account Optimization e

Purchasing ¢ Distribution Channels e Internet Marketing e E-Commerce « Product Launch

EMPLOYMENT & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Motiontech Industrial Inc., Newmarket, ON 2000 — Present
Director

Founded and grew this company into profitability as a successful distributor and seller of pneumatic, hydraulic,
vacuum and related industrial products. Utilize expertise in P&L, budgeting, purchasing, shipping/receiving and
market knowledge. Hire, train, supervise and motivate a team of up to 3 professionals. Advanced knowledge
of MS Office, SotidWorks and AutoCAD design software.

> Consistently achieved sales growth from $150,000 in 2001 to $560,000 in 2007,

> Acquired several exclusive product lines to sell into the US marketing in 2005; also closed new business in
Mexico.

» Designed and produced a private line of industrial components since 2005; successfully sold to the
manufacturing sector.

» Personally design and launched the company website, along with brochures, catalogs and other marketing
collateral.

> Key clients included: General Motors, Ford, Cooper Standard, EMI Companies, ABC Group, IBM Canada,
Magna, Ventra Group and others.