JANE J. TREMBLE

773-531-3457 @ info@brandyourcareer.com ® Rogers, MN 55374 ® www.linkedin.com/ in/janejtremble

National Sales Manager | Director of Sales
Natural leader who builds high-performing teams and exceeds multimillion-dollar quotas

“The reps you inherited flourished and that's a testament to your teaching, coaching, motivating and
leadership abilities.” — Jown Sar, former manager

“Jane provides the leadership every sales team needs and is one of the main reasons her team always

rises to the top. Jane is a customers best friend and cascades that down.” —- Amy Brown, colleague
“She is hands down the best manager I've ever worked with.” — Bos JOHNSON, direct report

VALUE OFFERED

Creative problem solver, capable of balancing tactical actions with strategic planning. Coach, mentor, and
developer of talent, often resulting in promotions to areas of higher responsibility. Excel in penetrating naw
accounts, growing market share, and fixing broken processes. Core competencies include:

Business Development ¢ Incentive Plans ¢ P&L Responsibility ¢ Revenue Growth ¢ Change Management
Budget Management @ Financial Analysis ¢ Customer Neads Assessment @ Cross-functional Team Leadership
Organizational Development ¢ Team Building ¢ Tactical Planning & Leadership ¢ Negotiation

CAREER PROGRESSION & ACHIEVEMENTS

Tax & ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE, Minneapolis, MN 6/09—Present
Division Sales Manager
Hired to lead newly formed sales division. Develop and execute territory plan to exceed $7M+ quota. Coach and

mentor 8-12 account representatives. Monitor key performance indicators (KPls) to ensure pipeline is moving.
Hire, train, and on-board new sales reps. Conduct weekly customer visits to gather market feedback.

« Guided 100% of direct reports to exceed new sales quotas and achieve territory growth in 2013.
Surpassed total territory sales quota 135% and added $1.5M in total territory growth for 2013.

Led 9 out of 10 team members to meet territory growth quota and other member to meet 92% in 2012.
Directed 90% of division to beat quota and other members to meet 95%+ of quota in 2010.

Hired and developed top performing sales representative as well as multiple Achievement Club winners.
Turned around low-performers by introducing best practice of consultative selling to team.

Managed through 4 reorganizations, filling open territories and building team while meeting quota.

oe + © @ +

REED FINANCIAL SERVICES, Minneapolis, MN 4/06-6.09
Sales Manager — National Accounts
Tapped to lead unique group of 12 sales professionals who had no leader prior. Created strategic and tactical
plans to exceed annual revenue of $56M. Company acquisition expanded role by adding account executive
positions in mortgage and indirect lending areas for previously underserved market segments.
@ Obliterated quota 156% within first 6 months in 2009.
« Improved intradepartmental relations by collaborating with fulfillment, order entry, and contract