JOEL COOPER

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | exampie-email@example.com

SUMMARY

Energetic and award-winning Inside Sales Representative with background in service sales. Skilled at
building and managing key account relationships and closing high value contracts. Goal-driven sales
professional who diligently follows up on all leads to drive new business.

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE
02/2009 to Current

09/2004 to 03/2009

EDUCATION
2004

Specializes in custodial markets

Sales Associate of the Year in 2011
and 2013

Key relationship management
Interpersonal skills

Competitive and results-oriented
Lead development Clear and articulate phone
Revenue generation manner

New account creation Analytical problem solver

Consistently exceeded daily sales targets.
Met monthly sales goals for 15 months straight.
Earned four bonuses during the first two years of employment.

Inside Sales and Service Representative
eemny Cleaning Services and Supply — New Cityland, CA

Sell cleaning products, supply contracts, and cleaning services inside large
cleaning supply store and service center.

Answer customer questions about products, delivery contracts, and service
options.

Write up proposals and draft contracts,

Perform in store demonstrations of products.

Schedule facility walk-throughs to discuss options and quote services.
Spend 20-30% of work day cold and warm calling prospective clients to
prospect new business.

Maintain up to date knowledge of industry practices and products.

Train new inside and outside sales representatives on company rules and
software systems for sales tracking and order input.

Inside Sales and Service Representative
= Supply Company — New Cityland, CA

Learned and continually improved knowledge of cleaning supply and
service industry to better serve clients, increase revenue, and exceed sales
and prospecting goals.

Attended trade shows and industry conferences at every opportunity.
Collaborated with established sales professionals to hone sales strategies.
Awarded Top Performer Award in 2008 for consistent high performance and
surpassing of sales goals.

Bachelor of Science: Business Management

California State University — New Cityland, CA

Coursework in Accounting, Management, Intemational Business, Finance, and
Leadership

3.74 GPA