JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd., City, State 00000 # email@address.com

Ambitious and driven Marketing graduate seeking to apply range of experience including social media, sales

acumen, client acquisition, community relations, and promotion, to a challenging Marketing or Sales position.

EDUCATION

Nipissing University, Bachelor of Commerce in Marketing (Honors Student) ~ 2011
Sheridan College ~ Aworded 3 yeor Diploma in Business Administration in Marketing with High Honors (3.9/4 GPA)

Student representative for Sheridan's Board of Governors Alumni mentor and advisor to Sheridan business students
Recipient of Corporate Express Award of outstanding GPA and Jeadership skills

CORE SkiLts

# Social Media Usage ¢ Survey Development and Analysis @ Client Relations ¢ Communication and Presentation @
@ Market Research Advertising ¢ Sales ¢ Brand Development /Awareness @ Leadership ¢ Training @

WORK EXPERIENCE

Alchemy Group of Companies Surmmer 2010
Marketi Anterim Office Ms

Developed innovative social media marketing campaigns to effectively target high-worth clientele.

interacted with key 828 executives through cold-calling, and presentations, utilising industry-critical market
research tools and competitor data te establish new territories and markets.

Excetled in customer relations, achieving impressive ability to resolve issues duc to strong product knowledge,
interacted with senior company executives in creating and implementing cross and upsell opportunities.
Increased order efficiency through development of enhanced operations processes, and contact with vendors.
Assumed Interim Office Manager position, excelling at past-due collections, global shipping and staffing issues.

Corbett’s Ski and Snowboard 2006 — Present
Retail Soles Professional (port-time)

Executed floor changes and rotated merchandise in order to provide enhanced visual presentation.

Managed retail issues regarding merchandising, new item placement and customer issues.

Trained retail staff to exceed customer expectations as we'll as store revenue goals,

Demonstrated confidence and focus during periods of high volume of unexpected events to keep store operating
to standard and to set a positive example for the store team.

Maximized sales and profits by using sound business practices to implement the store strategy, while setting a
standard for outstanding customer satisfaction.

Action Sports Outlets Online Store (a subsidiary of Corbett’s Ski and Snowboard) Summer 2008 - 2009
{of Soles/Assi 0 ions Mi

Led operations management including invoicing, customer service, and shipping and receiving.

Achieved over $200k in sales during summer of 2009 through consultative selling and Website enhancements,
Tracked company activities and ensured company sales and marketing objectives were attained.

Achieved maximurn phone and Internet sales results by hiring, training and leading a motivated team,

College Pro Painters < Project Manager and Painter
Snug Harbor Restaurant — Bar Assistant and Server

=

ee te oe a ee a a ty a eee Cee ee he