Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

hie Marshville Road,

P abama
SAP Consultant/Co-ordinator (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT :
Consulting and designing and implernenting Integration strategies for large SKILLS
customers with cormplex heterogeneous system landscape thereby SAP ERP
streamlining data integration and transformation processes, implernentation, Service
Oriented Architecture,
WORK EXPERIENCE SAP Data Services.
SAP Consultant/Co-ordinator
Responsibilities: English (Native)
= Integration lead responsible for the design of interfaces for a large French (Professional)
software product development firm, Spanish (Professional)
= Improve pricing capabilities for the client, which in turn drove
Incremental revenue by overhauling its pricing systerns &armnp;
processes, INTERESTS
= Lead the integration services tearn of 2 members; build a project plan Climbing
highlighting dependencies, key milestones. Snowboarding
= Worked with cross-functional and legacy tearns to manage the design, Spa
delivery, and testing of the end-to-end integration solution. 9
* Provided technical expertise in Pl 7.0, developed &amp; supported
interfaces between SAP ECC 6.0, Vendavo PMM 6.7 for successful data
Integration, REFERENCES.
* Developed interfaces using PI toolset Integration Repository, Integration Reference - 1 (Company
Directory, cc BPA and adapter engine, Name)
* Developed graphical, java and XSLT based message mappings, user ph ~ 2(Company

defined functions to support complex business requirements,

SAP Consultant
ABC Corporation- 2005 - 2007
Re sponsibilities:
= Jan 2000 - Sep 2000 Resumes generally showcase relevant work
experience within the past 10-15 years.
= Remove or summarize previous experience,
= Ifyou want to include it, add a section labeled &quot;Additional
Experlence&quot; and list your job titles and companies without dates,
= Tearn Size 10 Environment SAP R/3 4.5B Role SAP Consultant
Responsible for the low-level design, technical specifications, coding,
Testing and implernentation of the following Configured and custornized
areal time project for a leading bearing manufacturing company.
= Working knowledge in ABAP/4 Workbench Tools, Interactive Reporting,
ABAP/4 Query, SAP Script, and Batch Data Communication (BDC).
= Acquired in-depth knowledge in SAP R/3 module and was working in
project environment for customizing Materials Management related
functions.
= Enhanced existing BAPIs according to requirernent.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines