SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

« Best Practices and Standards « Good Work Ethic
« Collaborative Team Player e Reliable & Trustworthy
SAP CONSULTANT 10/2022 to CURRENT

Scadea Solutions Inc | Waltham, MA

e Participated in discovery, design and deliver phases of a project implementation

« Involved in an ECC implementation and mainly supporting the Project system and SD module.

« Created PPT document with screenshots/screens to assist the Business users with PS scenarios such
as Single company code, Cros company and Change order scenarios from how to master data,
transactional data and month end activities.

« Experience with creating a project with upload project structure template, creating Project order and I/C
order, upload Cost plan and Timesheet, run RA and settlement

« Provided 1:1 training sessions with the PS Business users to make sure they are comfortable executing
all the steps in SAP ECC

« Organized training sessions with PS Stakeholders to go over various scenarios in ECC

e Participated in SIT, taking screenshots as test evidences and while implementation team ran the
scenarios in the system. Documented the test results, defects, RICEF and expected results.

e Attended workshops and several meetings with the Stakeholders to understand their AS IS and all
business requirements gathering

« Created PR, PO, GR, IR in ARIBA and displayed the replication in ECC and CFIN.

« Tested scenarios based on the provided test script for PS and SD

e« Experience in Vendor data cleansing from GP to a format accepted in ECC

e« Also have some experience with SAP S4HANA CLOUD

SAD FICO CONSULTANT 05/2021 to 10/2022
NimbI Worldwide Inc | Denver, CO
- Responsibilities

e -Extensive experience in enhancements, configuration and testing of Fl/CO modules General Ledger
(GL), Account Payable (AP), Account Receivable (AR), Asset Accounting (AA) Cost Center Accounting
(CO-CCA), Profit Center Accounting, Internal Orders (I/O), Product costing and Profitability Analysis
(CO-PA).

e Configuring areas of AP ( Account Payable) — house banks. automatic payment program, etc., and
areas of AR ( Account Receivable) — dunning, Interest Calculation, and Credit Management (FI-AR).

e Design APP program with various payment methods and bank files. Configuration of Bank accounting.
Responsible for creation of house banks and configuring Payment Program with the related bank
accounting sub module transaction:

e Design EBS and improve EBS operation with Search Strings

e Configure Lockbox file for US Cash Applications and enhance automation with the bank.

e Design Asset Accounting and configured Chart of Depreciation, ledgers asset class, and met all
integration with MM.

e Design Standard Costing, cost component structure, costing variant and sheet.

e Integration of Fl with MM and SD with Procure to Pay and Order to cash Cycles. Testing of full OTC and
P2P process.

e Implement Concur and Ariba using PI/PO interface with SAP.

e Set up global template and designed Chart of accounts, Profit Center and Cost Center Hierarchy,
Foreign Currency Valuations, Document Splitting and financial statements.

e Experience with Tax configuration in sap and integration with Vertex

e Involvement in Month end closing activities

e Gather user's business requirements, identified and defined areas for improvements, prepared
specifications for development, and configuration for systems users.

e Organize workshops with Business Process Owners and key users to understand the current business
process and design the future business process.

e Assist in Blueprints (Requirement Analysis and Process, Realization (configuration, testing, and
Production support hand-over), Go-live. production system build, and final QA testing), and Post Go-
Live Support.

e Preparation of BRD, and FSD. Have good experience in writing FSD to generate new reports and
provide tables or data for ABAP programmers as per Clients request.

e Experience in GAP Analysis. and identifying what RICEFW objects to fit the gap.

e Knowledge transfer to the Business and internal IT

e Experience in leading offshore and onshore team

SAO FICO CONSULTANT 06/2018 to 03/2021
Nimb! Worldwide Inc | Granada, MN

Responsibilities:

e Configured and customized Fl submodules (AP. AR. AA, BA). Also have hands on experience with
creating Material master. Cost and Profit Center Accounting, Product Costing and cost bsed COPA

¢ Configured Automatic Account Determination, and integration points between Fl, MM, and SD. Worked
on business processes like Order to cash. Procure to pay, Plan to produce, Record2Report in S/
4HANA.

e Worked with 3rd party applications like Ariba, Concur, open text VIM and Vertex(tax) Integration with
SAP. Also experienced with interfaces like IDOC, EDI and RFC.

e Worked on automatic clearing and setting up payment methods like ACH, EBS and Lockbox.

e Familiar with the various migration tools LSMW and Migration Cockpit and also with Winshuttle for
automation of sales orders.

e 1 full life cycle implementation using Activate methodology/Agile from the business requirement
gathering to testing, hypercare and end user training. Provided knowledge transfer to team personnel
while assisting with daily production support.

e Prepared Business Blueprint deliveries, BRD, and FSD. Have good experience in writing FSD to
generate new reports to ABAP programmers. Hands on experience with RICEFW objects for
Enhancements

e Collaborative work with other key consultants using Agile and Activate Methodology for Project
Implementation in S/4HANA

e Worked with onshore team and led offshore team on clear project deliverables and timelines.

e - Good knowledge in GAAP/IFRS Compliance and Reporting, statement analysis and accounting.

JR-ICO CONSULTANT 04/2017 to 04/2018
JCPenney | City, STATE
Responsibilities

e Designed FICO components: GL, AP. AR AA, CCA, PCA. IO, PC.

e Configured chart of accounts, account groups, field status groups, and posting keys, assigned these
variants to company codes, created GL Master records, reconciliation accounts for sub-ledgers,
document types, number ranges. invoices and payments, tolerance groups, automatic account
assignments, GL display (line item layouts, special fields, sort variants, totals variants) and financial
statement version.

* Supported the Fl module

e Experienced with workflow from the creation of sales order to delivery and billing in the SD module that
involves the OTC cycle, and PTP process. Also worked on account determinations in FI-SD, FI-MM
transactions.

CLCENT SUPPORT SPECIALIST/END USER 06/2014 to 04/2017
JCPenney | City, STATE
Responsibilities

e« Processed Customer payments, post invoices, collections

e Created purchase orders, good receipt. sales order etc

« In charge of processing refunds

e« Generated routine reports like monthly reports/weekly reports

« Supported employees with advanced troubleshooting on helpdesk tickets.

« Supported customers with online billing, access and account issues.

e Delivered high level of service to clients in effort to build upon relationships for future.

Bachelor of Arts 12/2013
University of Buea, Cameroon

English: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated: