SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE (©)

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Dedicated Packager with [Number] years of success satisfying customers and boosting team excellence.
Skilled in working quickly and correctly to package shipments. Knowledgeable about picking and packing
boxes, labeling and tracking procedures.

Organized professional with superior work ethic and team player attitude. Exceptional quality control,
inspection and [Skill] abilities. Commended for honesty, hard work and positive attitude. Consistent standing
for long periods of time and Safely lift up to [Number] pounds.

Hardworking Warehouse Associate with excellent materials handling, storage management and shipment
preparation skills. Experienced in picking orders, assembling pallets and preparing containers. Delivers
accurate inventory counts and maintains detailed warehouse records.

Competent in keeping warehouse operations moving according to schedule by moving, inspecting and
shipping materials efficiently. Offering [Number] years of experience and strong focus on quality and
performance. Background working in cold storage and extreme warehouse environments.

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.

Dedicated employee Known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and
positive attitude will make a difference.

e Crew Management e Maintaining equipment
e Product Inspection e Team collaboration
e Product Information Documentation ¢ Materials transport

e Package Processing Equipment
¢ Quality Control
e Weighing and Measuring

OSHA regulations
Workplace organization
Product organization

e Production Line Monitoring Prioritization

e Safe forklift use e Basic math

e Tagging expertise ¢ Active listening

e Storage organization e Reliable and trustworthy
e Team building e Packaging and picking
e Microsoft Office ¢« Communication

« Multitasking e Organizational skills

e PPE use e Analytical

e Planning ¢ Collaboration

e Work ethic e Maintenance & Repair
e Relationship building e Organization

INSPECTOR PACKER II/ SAP CONFIRMER 06/2020 to 06/2021

Target | Oconomowoc, WI

e Completed various reports and analyzed each report to decide where improvements could be made.

e Coached team on company policies, procedures, and best practices to enhance operational efficiency,
employee productivity and subsequently decrease labor costs.

e Completed ongoing quality checks on [Type] products, closely following strict quality assurance
guidelines.

e Wrote reports outlining results to facilitate management decision making.

e Scanned [Number]+ products per day and put away at correct warehouse locations.

¢ Operated equipment such as box cutters, hand jacks, tape guns and scanners in alignment with
company guidelines.

e Kept inventory areas clean, organized and free of safety hazards for maximum efficiency.

e Marked and labeled containers with accurate shipping information to prevent delays.

e Used tools, sprayers and cleaning solutions to disinfect work areas.

e Inspected outgoing shipments to maintain quality assurance standards.

e Mentored new employees on warehouse procedures and tasks resulting in quick job acclimation.

e Conducted product cycle counts and inputted corrections to warehouse inventory system.

e Accomplished production goals by working with speed and accuracy.

WiREHOUSE PACKER 12/2016 to 06/2019

Dart | City, STATE

e Used pallet jacks to move items to and from warehouse locations.

e Assembled cartons, crates and containers to prepare for shipping.

e Used tools, sprayers and cleaning solutions to disinfect work areas.

e Mentored new employees on warehouse procedures and tasks resulting in quick job acclimation.

e Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to
our products and services.

e Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

e Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs.

e Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.

LICE CLERK 03/2014 to 12/2015

Unilever United States Inc. | City, STATE

« Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.

« Received, stored and shipped goods and materials.

e Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles for safety.

« Demonstrated great teamwork skills with staff members involved in production and transport.

« Maintained business operations by communicating with coworkers and managers.

« Assisted coworkers with special projects to learn new tasks while gaining additional responsibilities.

e Tracked inventory, conducted cycle counts and audits and resolved issues to maintain accurate
records.

« Rotated goods in inventory by following “first in, first out" approach to keep shelves organized and well-
stocked.

« Reordered stock to replenish inventory without interruption to production

« Worked with speed and accuracy when [Action] and loading boxes to increase efficiency by [Number]%.

High School Diploma 05/2007

Farragut Career Academy, Chicago , IL