Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Seasoned collaborator experienced in meeting needs, improving processes and exceeding requirements in team environments.
Diligent worker with strong communication skills, capability to prioritize and organize tasks, and in-depth understanding of
industry concepts. Seasoned Business Analyst offering [Number] years of [Industry] industry success. Expert on business and
systems requirements, user acceptance testing and end-user training. Accomplished at leveraging past lessons to inform future
decision-making.

Accomplishments

e Awarded the Wachovia's STAR Award.

e Client Interface - Worked in close collaboration with HR business partners, providing talent management advice.
e Research and Analysis - Evaluated PeopleSoft accounts receivable detail level mapping to general ledger.

e Reduced organizational operating costs by [Number]% by streamlining processes.

¢ Designed a workflow solution for [Company name], resulting in [Positive outcome}.

¢ Data Organization - Classified, recorded and summarized numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records.

Skills
¢ Information Flow Management e Presentation Delivery
e Business Tracking * Complex Problem Solving
¢ Report Generation e Adaptability and Flexibility
¢ Industry Report Reading ¢ Word Processing
¢ Metadata Enhancements e Administration and Management
¢ Templates Management ¢ Critical Thinking
e Technical Design Documentation e Attention to Detail
¢ Technical Support e ERP Software
¢ Spreadsheet Development ¢ Specifications Documentation
¢ Financial and Economic Data e Accounting Principles
¢ Database Building ¢ Information Processing
« Customer Communication e Documentation Management
¢ Document Library Maintenance e Program Testing
¢ Business Intelligence Testing e Work Organizing and Prioritizing

¢ Requirements Analysis
Work History

IT Business Analysts-HR/IT SAP, 12/2013 to Current
Perrigo Company Corporate — Allegan, MI
¢ Built library of models and reusable knowledge-base assets to produce consistent and streamlined business intelligence results.
e Analyzed key aspects of business to evaluate factors driving results and summarized into presentations.
¢ Instituted contingency plans, ensuring business continuity through cross-training, documentation and data backups.
¢ Developed short-term goals and long-term strategic plans to improve risk control and mitigation.
e Evaluated business requirements, leveraging information to forecast costs relating to hardware, software and consulting.
¢ Promoted enterprise-level risk management practices and helped instill strong culture focused on protective policies and
procedures.
e Assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects and updated involved parties to enhance optimal business flow.

Sr. SAP Systems Analyst, 03/2008 to 06/2021
Methodist LeBonheur Healthcare — City, STATE
¢ Utilized change management techniques to provide smooth transitions during new hardware and software introductions.
¢ Audited multi-system installations for conformance to business objectives, suggesting changes to meet performance thresholds.
e Planned and conceived computer systems using information engineering, data modeling and structured analysis.
e Performed system analysis, documentation, testing, implementation and user support for platform transitions.
¢ Documented ongoing system performance, verifying [Type] metrics.
e Trained junior personnel in [Area of expertise] during onboarding and through remedial education.
e Conducted [Type] technical research to support data resolution and production updates.
e Conducted interviews with potential clients to assess system performance needs, budgets and other factors.
e Conducted meetings with junior staff members to discuss program specifications and process models.
¢ Identified areas of possible system improvement to enhance overall business performance, accounting for budgetary concerns
and business goals.
e Organized system infrastructure documentation and operating procedures, strengthening controls and enhancing overall
performance.
¢ Resolved or escalated problem tickets to resolve user issues.
¢ Resolved malfunctions with systems and programs through troubleshooting.
e Established specifications and coordinated production with software programmers.
¢ Provided client support on system operation and troubleshooting.
e Assessed business needs and problem areas to create focused solutions.
¢ Delivered in-depth [Software] training, imparting knowledge of best practices for protecting data and minimizing errors.
¢ Boosted information sharing by enhancing interfaces between computer systems.
¢ Monitored employee tasks, evaluating information processing and performance to gauge business functions and inefficiencies.
e Diagnosed, troubleshot and resolved network and system problems.
¢ Evaluated and adopted new technologies to address changing industry needs.
¢ Investigated and addressed system issues to enhance usability and improve functionality.
e Gathered requirements and performed gap analysis through design workshops with users.
¢ Developed flowcharts and diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps.
e Supported system developers by creating system models, diagrams, and charts.
e Improved [Type] system by adding new features and infrastructure.
e Oversaw installation of software programs and hardware systems to meet requirements.

¢ Identified and resolved problems through root cause analysis and research.

Supervisor, Business Applications Analysists, 07/1998 to 08/2002
TBN Of TN, Inc. — City, STATE
e Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows.
¢ Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.
¢ Utilized standard operating procedures, effective crew resource management, communication and procedures specified in
company operation manual.
¢ Interviewed, hired and trained new employees for production positions.
¢ Supported safety officer to enforce regulations, laws and established policies throughout operational stages.
¢ Identified individual employee's unique work styles and adapted management methods.
¢ Oversaw and optimized work of craftsmen performing high-quality, precision work.
¢ Performed annual evaluations and reviews for large staff of employees.
¢ Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.
¢ Developed training, task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to employees.
¢ Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.
¢ Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.

¢ Built, managed and coached insourced and outsourced teams.

Education

Associate of Science: Microcomputer Management, 05/1994
State Technical Institute At Memphis - Memphis, TN

Certifications

e SFX Accreditation, SuccessFactors- Recruiting Management - 2021
e SFX Accreditation, SuccessFactors- Compensation - 2021

e SFX Accreditation, SuccessFactors- Variable Pay - 2021

e SFX Accreditation, SuccessFactors- Foundations - 2021