JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A liaison for Westmoreland Case Management and Supports Inc Student Assistance Program with over 2 years of experience in the program
and 6 years of experience overall in the mental health field. Experience includes a wide variety of providing behavioral and therapeutic
interventions to clients, families, school personnel, etc. Proficient in preparing and maintaining detailed treatment records and reports. Strong
background regarding working with school personnel, families, students, etc. to help them navigate the mental health field and connect with
mental health supports.

SKILLS
¢ Data collection * Conducting assessments
¢ Data analyzation e Therapeutic Intervention
« Collaboration e Mental health evaluations
e Supervising e Flexible and Adaptable
¢ Documentation ¢ Interpersonal Communication
¢ Behavioral intervention ¢ Team Collaboration
Work History

01/2021 to Current SAP Liaison
Arc Human Services — Greensburg, PA

e Maintained knowledge of latest requirements and support strategies to complete daily tasks

e Attending 4 weekly SAP meetings conducted by schools and update personnel on the progress of students and
families

e Conducting assessments to conclude the most appropriate level of care for students

e Researched and Provided information on available school and community resources

e Consistent collaboration and communication with school personnel on cases

¢ Consistent collaboration and communication with students and families

e Entering data regarding assessments completed. how many families connected to resources, etc. for county and
state knowledge

e Attending trainings, meetings, and supervision to continue to provide best care

e Keeping detailed case notes

01/2020 to 01/2021 Behavior Specialist Consultant
Children's Behavioral Health — Greensburg, PA

e Created and implemented individualized treatment plans for clients

¢ Observed and monitored client behavior and responses to treatment.

* Conducted weekly supervisions to Therapeutic support staff in developing/maintaining positive behavioral support

e Possessed experience in working with various diagnoses including but not limited to: Generalized Anxiety
Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), Oppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD), Attention Deficit
Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), etc.

¢ Consulted on behavioral goals and interventions with families, schools, daycare, and other agencies involved in a
client's care

© Modeled behavior interventions for other members of the client's treatment team

® Managed an active caseload of clients

© Collected and analyzed objective behavioral data

¢ Documented progress notes fore each client

e Possessed knowledge of appropriate, effective behavioral interventions as well as Applied Behavior Analysis
(ABA) interventions

09/2017 to 12/2019 Therapeutic Support Staff
Penn Psychiatric Center — West Chester, PA

e Worked with children to change maladaptive behaviors formulated in a treatment plan created by a Behavioral
Specialist
Consultant (BSC)

e Possessed experience in working with children with various mental health diagnoses including Autism Spectrum
Disorder, Oppositional
Defiant Disorder (ODD), Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), etc.

e Implemented and modeled appropriate behaviors for the child when working with him or her, Collaborate with a
client's family to transfer appropriate skills so the family can incorporate them in the Therapeutic Support
Staff's absence

¢ Collaborated with a Behavioral Specialist Consultant for feedback, tips, and how to appropriately intervene with a
child

¢ Collaborated with other Therapeutic Support Staff to solve problems and receive feedback

* Collected data of inappropriate and appropriate behaviors and incorporate them into a written note that is approved
by the
Behavioral Specialist Consultant

08/2018 to 08/2019 Counseling Intern
Holcomb Behavioral Health — Phoenixville, PA

© Collected information about individuals or clients, using interviews, case histories, observational techniques, and
utilized other assessment methods.

¢ Documented patient information including session notes, progress notes, recommendations, and treatment plans.

¢ Developed therapeutic and treatment plans based on clients’ needs.

e Engaged in weekly supervision to assist in the continuity of care for clients.

e Managed a caseload of 10-25 clients.

¢ Counseled individuals and groups to help them understand problems, deal with crisis situations, define goals, and
develop realistic action plans.

e Co-facilitated a stress management group with a Master's level therapist.

EpucaTIon

12/2019 Master of Science: Clinical Mental Health Counseling
West Chester University Of Pennsylvania - West Chester, PA
e Graduated summa cum laude
e Graduated with 4.0 GPA

05/2017 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology
Gannon University - Erie, PA
¢ Member of Phi Sigma Sigma Sorority
¢ Held executive position of Recruitment Chairman in Phi Sigma Sigma Sorority
¢ Member of PSI CHI (Psychology Honor Society) and held position of President from 2016-2017
e Graduated with 4.0 GPA
e Graduated summa cum laude

06/2013 High School Diploma
Hempfield Area Senior High School - Greensburg, PA

CERTIFICATIONS

e Licensed Behavior Specialist- April 2020- present (License number: BH004904)
¢ National Certified Counselor - February 2020 - present