JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

SAP R/3 Technical consultant Over 3+ Years in SAP Security & GRC, SAP spanning across implementation and support projects. I have
gained substantial experience in business process mapping, configuration, enhancements, and post implementation support in SAP.

SKILLS
e Strong organization and time management skills. Ability to
¢ Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/NT/XP communicate effectively (both written and oral) using clear,
e SAP R/3, ECC, GRC concise, and understandable language

e Oracle Database, Access Database Multi-tasking skills. detail oriented, and ability to work with

minimal supervision.

Talent for identifying creative solutions to customer service issues
to ensure satisfaction.

Role Administration including Role creation modification’ export
/ import

Create RFC connection between two systems.

Complete rework on Emergency Access Management(EAM).
Access Risk Analysis (ARA), Access Request Management
(ARM) & Business Role Management (BRM)

User and Role Administration and having good troubleshooting
skills.

Skilled at learning new concepts quickly while working well
under pressure Highly organized and dedicated with a positive
attitude

TRAINING

Received Training on:
e SAP Security & BASIS Admin
« SAP GRC Access Control (ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM)

Work History

10/2014 to 08/2016 SAP Security & GRC Consultant
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Tempe, AZ

e Extensively used SU53 and SUIM to assign the missing authorizations to the users. Tracing missing authorizations
objects using SU53 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.

e User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles) Managing user login
parameters and password parameters.

e Comprehensive use of Profile Generator to generate roles and assign roles to end users.

¢ Configured and Implemented GRC Access Control Suite 10.0.

¢ GRC implementation; automation; upgrade experience with GRC ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM and SAP CUA
(Central User Administration) integration with SAP GRC.

e Excellent knowledge of SOX, Audit issues and Segregation of Duties (SoD) issues.

© Under Risk Analysis and Remediation, performed User & Role analysis to identify existing SoD violations.Risk.

e Using ARA produced Analytical Reports on User, User Groups, Roles and Profiles.

e Performed remediation and mitigation against various risks associated with roles and users.

e ARA has Simulation features to allow you to assess the impact of potential remediation activities on the reported
conflicts prior to making the actual change.

e Experience in creating and assigning FF ID's and extracting Fire Fighter logs.

e A firefighter ID is a temporary user ID that grants the user exception-based, yet regulated, access.

e The firefighter ID is created by a system administrator and assigned to users who need to perform tasks in
emergency or extraordinary situations.

¢ Configured Workflow, actions and rules.

e Configured HR trigger provisioning and scheduled background jobs.

¢ Configured User Data source and defined authentication system for requestors using ARM.

e Strong capability in using ARM to use the work flow functionality to ensure a comprehensive and compliant
change management process for risk control and maintenance.

e Experience in using ARM to configure workflow for User Access Review and User SoD Review.

02/2014 to 10/2014 SAP Security Consultant
Accenture Contractor Jobs — Montgomery, AL

e User master Record creation’ modification using $U01, including complex design restrictions.

e Mass user creation using SU10.

© Utilized SECATT for mass user creation allowing automatic testing of SAP business processes.

e Created QTP scripts for mass creation and deletion of users and roles during system clean ups, Mass role
generation, user assignments and others as required for team.

© Role creation’ modification using Profile Generator (PFCG) including complex design restrictions.

e Ensured accuracy and segregation of duties through comprehensive testing of all profiles and authorizations.

e Expertise in resolving Authorization issues by analyzing Authorization Checks.

e Troubleshooting user access through authorization error analysis (SU53, SU56) and System Trace (STO1).

e If needed, then work with Functional, BASIS, and Network teams to troubleshoot complex access problems.

e Monitor and maintain user ID through User Information System (SUIM) - created monthly audit reports.

¢ Worked extensively with SEO1, SEO9 & SE10 in managing mass transport.

e When in need, helped on audit logs using SM18, SM19 and SM20.

e When needed, helped with Database and Server monitoring, system back up scheduling through Monitoring
Transactions such as SM50, SM51, DB12, DB 13 etc.

e Proficient in working with the tables USR, AGR, and USH.

04/2012 to 02/2014 Lead Operational Representative
Bank Of America, N.A. — City, STATE

e Handling Administration Changes, requests that are entered making sure that they are knowledgeable and make
sense logically so than the request can be approved.

e Tracing missing authorizations objects using SU53 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.

e User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles).

Managing user login parameters and password parameters.

e Reaching out to the Line of Business when logic does not meet requirements.

e Analyzing authorization problems/errors and implementing appropriate solutions.

¢ Daily audits of the FACS tool.

e New access request for new bank associates.

© Modify request for existing bank associates.

e Help train new associates.

¢ Monitor the group Inbox.

e Update Policies and Procedures for FACS Admin & START process.

04/2007 to 08/2011 Lead Operational Representative
Bank Of America, N.A. — City, STATE

e Manages customer and client relationships.

e Responsibilities included basic level reporting, customer service support, reviewing and processing transactions.
sorting using electronic or mechanical equipment, reconciling, statement rendering and MICR/image.

e User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles).

¢ Distribute daily work to meet deadline and goals.

e Identify and implement process improvement opportunities.

e Provide guidance to less experience team member.

e Address and escalates concerns/issues with a sense of urgency.

e Evaluates the consequences of problems and makes recommendations to support the generation of useful, realistic,
and effective alternative solutions to problems.

05/2002 to 09/2006 MBBS Pool Analyst
LaSalle Bank — City, STATE
e Reviewing Mortgage/loan documents
¢ Data Entry/Filing
e General Clerical Work

EpucATION

2006 Associate Degree in General Education
College of Dupage Glen - Ellyn, IL

Association

General Education