Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Secking a challenging and rewarding career in ERP where can contribute knowledge and skills for
growth, development of the organization and to be able to implement solutions thal meet the
custamer requirements using variety of Software development skills and Technical expertise.

Skills

SAP ABAP, SAP LSMW, SAP Data Dictionary, Technical Writing.

Work Experience
Sap Abap Developer I

ABC Corporation - April 2007 - August 2007

Analyzed the Functional Specifications to design the technical specification and code,
Helped in gathering the process relaicd data and giving the master data required lor MM and
SD.

Designed an ALV list to display the Service Level Report.

Created custom tables with maintenance dialogs for dummy employees. After reeciving the
carriers invoices, files were sent to sap containing the breakdown by cast center for cach.
Designed and coded the sap interlace to the tangoe telecommunications sysiem which.
Developed, maintained and documented forms (sapscripl, smartiorms and adobe} reports,
Tnterfaced, enhancemented and workilowed in an sap environment having over 60 active
company.

Sap Abap Developer

Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2007

High Noon Corp.

Duration July 2006 - March 2007 SAP Version / Project Type ECC 5.0 /Implementation SAP
Modules PM (Plant Maintenance) Client Profile SOMC is a UK based plant maintenance
company with lis rich clientele tn middle-cast.

For one of its Oman based plant SOMC fs Implementing SAP R/3.

The overall scope of the project tnvelves FI-CO, MM and PM-WCM (Work Clearance
Manageme nt} modules.

Role and Responsibilities My Scope of work involved to design/develop SAP RICEF for PM
module.

Analyzing the Functional Specifications to design the technical specilication and code.
Objects Developed /Customized Developed a report to print Notification long texts.

Education

Bachelor of Engincering in Information Technology - 2002(Duration &amp: University}

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines