JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

CAREER OVERVIEW

Highly skilled SAP Security Consultant seeking a career within an organization to apply my skills and continue my technical and professional
growth.

°

e Around 6 years' experience in SAP Security and Authorization.

e Extensive knowledge in SAP security concepts and User/Role administration across ECC, BW. BI, HR, CRM, SRM and Solution Manager

Systems.

e Experience in working for Go-Live, Post Go-Live, Implementation, Enhancement and Production support projects.

e Experience in Requirement gathering, Design, Build and Test roles for a SAP Roll out project.

e Familiar and hands on experience in SAP GRC tools like compliance calibrator, fire fighter and customized version of access enforcer.

¢ Highly skilled to support security authorization problems in line with segregation of duties (SOD) adhering to service level agreements.

e Strong experience on Central User Administration (CUA).

¢ Knowledge on SAP GRC 10.0

¢ Worked in Canada and single point of contact (SPOC) for entire North American region on Security relates issues.

e Close coordination with client to understand and develop solutions to meet customer business needs. Dedicated team player.

e Mentor Team member on SAP Security.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

SAP Security 6 2015

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

e Acted as a first and single point of contact for all major technical issues.
e Actively mentored . trained and supervised new team members for better understanding of systems.
e Prepared and improved the content of training material for SAP Security for organization worked.

WorRK EXPERIENCE

Senior Associate Consultant - SAP Security, 04/2010 - 03/2015
Accenture Contractor Jobs — Colchester, VT
¢ Perform SAP Security monitoring and support.
e Supports SAP application users by resolving security related issues in a timely and effective manner.
¢ Resolved huge number of incident tickets as per established process, in adherence with Segregation of Duties(SOD)requirements.
e Extensive experience with SAP authorizations in SAP ECC, BW, HR, CRM, SRM systems.
* Participated in SAP Security analysis, design and Implementation efforts.
¢ Troubleshoot and resolved security issues escalated from customer and other users with 100% success rate.
* Basic User and Role Maintenance activities implementing SOD tools.
¢ Works closely with SAP technical and functional teams to ensure success of SAP solution.
e Maintained transports between development and target systems.
e Position Based Security - Setting up users and positions with appropriate roles and authorizations.
¢ Provide support for HR model - Analyzed and provision Structural authorization for HR users.
* Provide support for BW models - Analyzed and provisioned analysis authorization for reporting users.
¢ Portal Security - User creation, assigning portal roles and groups to users.
e Experienced in SAP GRC Components including Compliance Calibrator, Access Enforcer, Role Expert and Fire Fighter.
e Working knowledge in Single Sign on concept(SSO)
¢ Central User administration (CUA) - User administration and role assignment to position.
¢ Setting up OSS user id's for consultants and providing OSS connections.
e Create and assign Firefighter access.
*« Compliance Calibrator (CC Check) - Performs Segregation of Duties (SOD) analysis and manages the mitigation process.
e Access Provisioning to users using User Access Provisioning tool.
* Close coordination with client and subject matter experts (SME) in providing timely support for the issues raised by them.
e Handling High Priority incidents and providing an immediate fix.
¢ Provided high touch and weekend support for two major business units Go-Live.
e Extensive User and Role maintenance experience.
e BW and HR access provisioning via rule sets.
e Assist colleagues in troubleshooting when problem arises.
e Ticketing tool - HP Open View, Service Now.
* Worked from Canada - Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for North American region (Rio Tinto) for all security related issues.

Infosys Limited - Rio Tinto Solution Delivery - SAP Security
°
e Involved in SAP Security analysis, design and implementation efforts.
¢ Development, testing, and implement SAP Security roles, profiles and authorizations across SAP system landscape using Profile Generator.
¢ Held Role Design meetings with Business and functional teams to gather requirements.
¢ Implement SAP Security Policies and procedures for customers.
* Design, Develop and Implementation of BI Security Roles using RSECADMIN.
e Interact with Functional and Technical teams to define and gather requirement for security design.
e Experienced in adhering to the Change Management Process for transporting roles, security objects and maintaining the change documents.
¢ Clean up activity of all invalid users in active directory.
¢ Update roles for major/minor releases with appropriate access based on requirement.

e Experience with SOX compliance analysis.

SAP security Consultant, 2008 - 04/2010
Igate Patni — City, STATE
e Requirement gathering, Design, Development and Maintenance of SAP applications Security.
e Create Users and assign Roles within SAP.
* Create and modify roles as per the Performa raised by Business Process architect.
¢ Implement SAP Security policies and procedures for customers.
¢ Responsible for Development.
e Testing and Administration of roles in SAP R/3 and BW3.5.
e Transport Management - Transport of newly created roles after successful testing.
¢ Provided technical support for role Implementation and Redesign of Roles.
* Provide Production support including ongoing support and maintenance of roles.
* Close coordination with other functional teams related to role based transactions authorization verification.
e Perform SOD conflicts and propose options and solution to implement mitigating controls and eliminate risks.
* Coordination with customer basis lead for the business critical requests, approvals.
e Performed Role defect updates in development.
¢ Performing Role Comparison between Development and production Systems and stabilizing them.
e Maintenance activity for roles during cut over of Systems.
e User administration using Central user administration (CUA).
e Generation of month end reports from SAP system.
e GeSeaco SOD Rollout Summary: This project included redesigning of composite roles based on transactions which are executed by the
user.
¢ Responsibilities: Preparation of Business Blueprints for Security Requirement Gathering Role Design, Build and Testing Redesign of
Composite role Provide defect resolution Patni Internal Systems Maintenance and provided support for all internal SAP systems.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Electronics & Communication, 2007

R.M_D Engineering College - Chennai

SKILLS

SAP ECC, BI/BW, HR, CRM, SRM Security.
CUA and SOLMAN systems

SAP GRC

Portal and OSS.

Ticketing tools - OVSD and Service Now
Virsa Tools - Firefighter, compliance calibrator