Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Skills
e Application Configuration e Attention to Detail
e Vendor Management/Relations ¢ Knowledge Base Documentation
¢ New Technology Integration ¢ Project Management
e End User Support e Change Management
e System Testing e Incident Management
e Team Collaboration e Disaster Recovery Activities
¢ Performance Monitoring and Optimization e Architecture and Design
¢ Problem Solving ¢ Disaster Recovery Planning and Drills
¢ StJessicaup and Shutdown Management e Application Lifecycle Planning

e Automation Management

Summary

A natural leader and proven high contributor dedicated to completing work in a timely way. Passionate about coaching, mentoring,
and assisting others and always willing to jump in to help manage complex issues. A champion of the Gore Culture with a strong

focus on excellent experiences for customers and associates.

Experience

SAP Basis Administrator, 05/2020 to Current
Amazon.Com, Inc. — Kent, WA
e Manage and configure SAP S4 HANA, BW, and MDG landscape
e SAP Certificate management, create knowledge documents to guide team members through the certificate management process.
e SnapPay implementation and certificate management
¢ Solution Manager/ Diagnostic Agent configuration
e Configure alert monitoring via Solution Manager for the SAP landscape
« Change Management via ServiceNow
IT Champion
e Application Owner — Redwood RunMyJobs
e Technical Lead/Champion for Redwood RunMyJobs Automation
¢ Work with vendor to clearly define SOW
¢ Product Assessment and comparison using SCOUT
e Review vendor support agreements and licensing costs
¢ Redwood implementation and configuration
¢ Define clear expectations to the SAP functional teams
¢ Provide status updates to PACE Project stakeholders
¢ Redwood and ServiceNow implementation.
¢ Create ServiceNow catalog item
¢ Create knowledge documentation to be used by the Basis team
e Align with stakeholders to gather business requirements for SAP batch jobs and deliver solution prior to go-live
e Provide error alerting and daily reports on batch job execution to functional and technical teams.

JDEdwards CNC Administrator, 06/2012 to 05/2020
W.L. Gore & Associates — City, STATE
¢ Manage and support business-critical applications, JD Edwards and third-pJessicay tools such as Vertex, Tidal Automation, and
EDI.
e Configure and maintain E1 web and enterprise servers.
e Configure and troubleshoot El related printers.
e Apply ESU and follow Oracle recommendations for installations.
¢ OMW project promotions
e ServiceNow change management.
e JDE/BSSV Package builds and deployments.
e El Security Workbench administration, user and role security management which includes internal/external auditing.
e Server maintenance (AIX and Linux), create shell scripts to perform repetitive maintenance tasks such as log clean up and service
restJessicas.
e Setup and configure Windows Developer Clients, install and maintain various developer's applications requests such as
JDeveloper, MobaXterm, SQL Developer, and Java.
e Acquired basic SOL knowledge to query Oracle databases to extract usable data for analysis.
e Coordinated with vendors and IT Leadership to facilitate purchases.
¢ Coordinate data backups and disaster recovery operations.
¢ Diagnosed, troubleshot and resolved hardware and system problems
IT Champion
e Application Owner — Tidal Enterprise Scheduler
e Technical Lead/Champion for Tidal Enterprise Scheduler Automation
¢ Work with vendor to clearly define SOW
e Review vendor support agreements and negotiate 3-year support contracts/licensing costs
e Automate JDE maintenance, stJessicaup and shutdown processes
¢ Tidal Enterprise Scheduler implementation and configuration
¢ Lifecycle management through cross functional alignment, plan, develop test scripts and execute Application Upgrades — Tidal
Enterprise Scheduler
¢ Define test scripts and job-related execution details
¢ Provide status updates to stakeholders
¢ Create ServiceNow catalog item
e Create knowledge documentation to be used by third pJessicay ERP support team Allari
® Coach/Train/Mentor Allari team

HELP DESK /Desktop Support Technician, 06/2007 to 06/2012
W.L Gore & Associates — City, STATE
¢ Provide remote support to users
e Setup and configure desktop and laptop computers
e Image and configure PC for end users
e Hardware/Software installation, replace mother/system boards, internal storage devices and memory configuration
¢ Network Printer setup and configuration
¢ Audio and Video troubleshooting
¢ Mobile Phone Support
¢ End User Support

MANUFACTURING TECHNICIAN - IPD, 03/1996 to 06/2007
W.L Gore & Associates — City, STATE
* Machine operator created laminate products by utilizing expanded PTFE and suitable backer material. Performed online
inspection
¢ Ensured product quality through sampling and testing
¢ Worked closely with engineering team with R&D
¢ Calibrated laminator and various test equipment
¢ Create daily production schedule for 24 hour manufacturing operation

* Managed resources

Education

Bachelor of Science: Cyber Security, 01/2024
UMGC - Adelphi, MD

AA Business: Business Administration, 03/2015
University of Phoenix - Phoenix
Certifications

* Microsoft MCP
e CompTIA A+ Hardware and Software