SUMMARY

TOOLS/FRAMEWORK

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« SAP Consultant with 5+ years hands-on experience in SAP PP and QM Module with their integration
with MM/WM Modules in different phases of SAP Implementation, Roll - Out and Production Support.

« Two full cycle implementations and one partial implementation cycle which includes S/4 HANA
implementation and roll out in SAP PP/QM module with hands on knowledge in version upgrade and
experience in ECC 6.0.

« Strong domain knowledge in Automotive Industry, Manufacturing Industry, Process and Chemical
Industry business processes.

« ERP Systems : S/4 HANA, SAP ECC 6.0 andR/3 «Project Utilities : MS Office, MS Project,

47 Visio,Lotus Notes, Share Point, TTKF
e SAP Functional : SAP QM/PP e Databases : My-SQL, MS Access
e« Migration Tools : LTMC, LSMW, BDC, BODS e Management tools - HPQC, SolMan, Service
« Computer Languages : C. C++, SQL, JAVA NowJIRA
SAP PP/QM CONSULTANT 05/2021 to 11/2021

Cognizant Technology Solutions | Brea, CA

DuPont is a multi-vertical company, with their niche in Chemical Industry. For a sector of Semi-Conductor
manufacturing . spearheaded PP/QM module in the migration from ECC to HANA Platform.

e Played an integral part in the implementation of S/4 HANA , by configuring QM in a new plant and
activating SAP Fiori tiles for Customer Specifics.

e Reconfigured sources to maintain status profiles and made enhancements to maintain screen groups.

e Created of Bill of Materials, Mater Recipe, Production Versions and WorkCentres.

e Worked on Lean Manufacturing business process for Just-In-Time manufacturing (JIT) and Kanban
(Scheduling System).

e Created Master Data and designed, implemented and configured Inspection Lot Creation, Results
Recording, Inspection Lot Completion, Sample Management for Quality Inspections.

e Extensively used LTMC(Legacy Transfer Migration Cockpit) to migrate data from Legacy system to S/4
HANA and wide knowledge on the features of LTMC.

e Leveraged LTMOM(Legacy Transfer Migration Object Modeler) to customize the data migration upload
template to cater business's requirement.

« Created Certificate Profile and Output type to facilitate CoA (Certificate of Analysis) print for the
customers ; when a Delivery is created.

« Engaged with the ABAP team to work on the RICEFW objects, SmartForm layout of the CoA and to
implement the required custom features leveraging BAP! and development of BDC.

e Involved in Unit testing, End User Training, Documentation and Go-Live process for QM module.

e Designed Process structure and uploaded Business Process Documents in SolMan using SolDoc
feature.

SEXIOR ASSOCIATE CONSULTANT 02/2013 to 08/2016
Aon Corporation | Lake Mary, FL

Robert Bosch Gmbh is a multinational engineering and technology company. Implemented PP/QM for two new
Gasoline engine parts manufacturing plants in Germany and led the post Go-Live activities.
e Integral part in two end-to-end implementations in the Bosch Automotive World.
e Orchestered complete cycle using ASAP methodology , right from Blue-Print to Go-Live phase of the
entire cycle.
e Implemented standard functionality with Make-to-Order and Make-to-Stock Environment.
e Administered and resolved issues with Material Master, BOM, Routings and WorkCentre.
e Involved in Configurations of BOMs, WorkCentres and Capacity Planning.
e Creating, Configuring and maintaining the parameters of MRP. configuring availability check and
production scheduling profile.
e Worked on different MRP scenarios for both purchasing and production like reorder planning (Manual &
Automatic) and purchase stock.
e Configured QM Master Data such as Code Groups and Selected Sets, Master Inspection
Characteristics, and Inspection Plans.
e Processed Inspection Plans, Header Data, Operations, Inspection Characteristics in Quality Planning.
e Prepared Web Based Trainings for the end users, helping them to navigate and understand the
implemented functionalities.
e Deployed to Germany and Japan to train the end users and responsible to create the training
documents in multiple languages to serve across Bosch Global locations.

ASOOCIATE CONSULTANT 09/2011 to 01/2013
Korn/Ferry International | Austin, TX

RBEI anchored the Run & Maintain team , supporting and consulting SAP solutions across Bosch Global
projects. Primarily handled QM support and production tickets created by Germany and USA specific users.
e« L1/L2 Support Consultant, understanding the integration of Quality Management module in the Bosch
World.
e Analysis and resolution of issues which are reported in the form of Incident tickets, related to Quality
Inspection, QM in procurement, Quality Notifications and the issues related to Customized reports.
e Triggered different Notifications in test systems for Customer/Vendor/Material related Defects.
« Worked with SAP Security Team to structure the road map for Authorizations to facilitate access for end
users.
« Took up the responsibility of internal audit of all the Change Tickets for the team to ensure everything is
as per the Audit guidelines.
« Worked on different Shop-Floor Activities like creation of Process Orders, Availability Checks and
Process Orders release.
« Monitoring of Stock availability in Blocked and Quality Inspection and follow up with plants users.
e Worked with the Background jobs, their scheduling and preparing new variants for the batch jobs.
« Worked with LSMW for mass upload of QM master data like Master Inspection Characteristics, QM view
for materials in lower clients.

Bachelor of Engineering | Information Technology 2011
Avinashilingam University, Coimbatore