Phone Number: +918886057704 +918341 843550
Mail ID : sk.nabhi477@gmail.com

© Total 4.2years out of which 3.3 years of SAP FI/CO experience with good exposure into functional modules -
Financial Accounting (Fl) and Controlling (CO) with Implementation, support Project.

¢ Good understanding of business processes and workflow in the areas of Costing, Finance and Accounts.

© Good understanding of business processes and workflow in the areas of Finance and Accounts.

© Studying the current processes through detailed discussions with the client's care team.

© Proficient in SAPs ASAP Methodology and well versed with business process, mapping & configuration in SAP.

® Configunng General Ledger, Accounts Receivables and Payables including Excise.

e® Configuring dunning process & automatic payment program support the bank reconciliation, commitment items.

© Steering configuration for G/L encompassing framing chart of accounts, account group and general ledger accounts,
customizing screen layouts, specifying for preparation of balance sheets, etc.

© Designing the organization structure and setting it up in SAP in association with other members from different streams
of the implementation team.

© Mapping the processes on to SAP and documenting the to-be processes.

© Participated in conceptual design phase in Accounts Payables and Accounts Receivables.

® Decent exposure to all popular implementation methodologies like ASAP.

© Self motivated and consistent performer in achieving targets with timelines, team onented and easily adaptable to new
concepts and ideas.

Excellent verbal and wntten communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with both non-technical business
users and technical IT developers

® Working asa SAP Consultant for Wipro,Hyderabad from Jan13 to till Date.

Project : Support
Client : BAT
Role : Team Member

British American Tobacco ple (informally BAT) is a Bntish multinational tobacco company headquartered
in London, United Kingdom. It is the world’s second-largest tobacco company by sales (After Philip Moris International). BAT

has a market-leading position in over 50 countries and operations in around 180 countne