PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Adata analyst with 3+ years of experience in interpreting, analyzing data for the business solutions. Proficient

knowledge in statistics and analytics. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytical tools for
effective analysis of data.

Data Warehousing

Data Visualization

Business Intelligence
Statistical computing methods
Relational Database

Data Administrator

Data Analysis

Data Management

SAP HANA DEVELOPER 10/2013 to 07/2014
Infosys Ltd | Allen Park, MI

e Designed an effective database system and then successfully lead several data extraction, warehouse
and analytics initiatives that reduced operating cost Accomplishments.

e Integrated data from different data sources into Sap HANA using ETL replication.

e Created visually impact dashboards and analyze data to identify key metrics.

e Designed, developed and implemented new functionality.

e Written SQL scripts to manipulate data for data loads and extracts.

SAO BI DEVELOPER 04/2013 to 10/2013
Trissential

e Improved the design of BI tools and reporting, and assisted in the governance and management of
master data.

e Accomplishments.

e Conducted reports for implementation of marketing strategies leading to 34% of growth in customer
acquisition.

e Developed strategy and road maps including tactics, project plans, milestones and KPIs.

e Built database cubes and design star schemas using ER/Studio and Visio.

e Developed rich interactive graphics and data visualizations of large structured data in browser-friendly
formats.

DCA ANALYST AND BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER 06/2012 to 03/2013
P & G Consumer Village | City, STATE, USA

Developed methods and procedures that streamlined data analysis, improved the design of BI tools and
reporting, and assisted in the governance and management of master data

Accomplishment

Worked with customers to design and implement effective business intelligence tools.

Analyzed data requirements, application and processing architectures, data dictionaries and database
schemas while designing. developing, amending, optimizing and certifying database designs to satisfy client
needs.

Gathered functional and non-functional client requirements in order to optimize the design of BI deliverables
(reports, dashboards, alerts, visualizations) using SAP Business Objects.

Master of Science | Information Assurance 2016
Wilmington University, Wilmington

Bz helor of Science | Computer Science 2012
JNT University, Hyderabad