JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Well experienced in business process study, requirement gathering, mapping, configuration, functional specification, implementation, user
training - documentation and support. Full life cycle
implementation knowledge and experience includes ASAP implementation methodology, GAP Analysis, blueprinting, development, testing

and training.

SKILLS

Well versed in business process study, requirement gathering.
mapping. configuration,

functional specification, implementation, user training -
documentation and support. Full life cycle

implementation knowledge and experience includes ASAP
implementation methodology, GAP

Analysis, blueprinting, development, testing and training.

SAP Functional - Order Management . Shipping, 3PL activities,
Billing, Billing Plans, Milestone Billing, Invoice Lists,
Transportation, Shipping Costs, Interfaces, Pricing, routine
programming. Purchasing, Inventory Management.
Configuration expertise in following aspect of SD module:
Master Data:- Partners, Customers, Contracts, Contact Persons,
Sales Partners, Hierarchy, Account Groups, Number ranges,
Materials, Item Proposal, Item category group, Customer material
info record, Agreements, Schedule Agreements.

Pricing: - Pricing Determination. Creation and Configuration of
pricing procedures for various condition types and business
processes

Credit Management: - Credit Control area, Credit limits, Groups.
Sales: - Inquiry, Quotation, Order, Availability check, Back Order,
Sales order Types, Consignment stock, Returnable Packaging,
BOMs.

Shipping: - Delivery Processing, Delivery types, Shipping point
determination, Route determination, Transportation and delivery
scheduling, picking, packing, Goods issue.

Transportation: Shipping types, Shipment documents,
Transportation Planning Delivery split.

Billing: - Document types, invoices, Pro forma Invoice, Billing
Methods, Rebate

Agreements, and Intercompany Billing.

Output determination - Output types, partner profiles, Output
determination procedures, smartforms, communication strategies
etc.

EXPERIENCE

04/2020 to 01/2021

07/2017 to 03/2019

12/2013 to 07/2015

SAP Functional Analyst

Asre Federal Holding Company — Bethesda, MD

* Copy control rules, text control, batch determination, cross

selling.

e Customization of All types of Sales documents, Delivery and

Billing Documents.

¢ Defining Organization structure like Sales organization,

Distribution channel, Division, Sales office and also units relevant
to other Modules like MM & FI.

¢ Configured Standard order types, Complaints, Return orders.
e Extensive knowledge on Output Determination, Customer

Hierarchy and Third party order
processing.

* Configured Incompleteness, Partner and output determination &

Material Determination procedure.

¢ Involved in discussions and decision making process of bringing

down the migration data
from legacy to SAP system when using LSMW process.

e SAP EDI-Monitoring, trouble shooting and error correction of

incoming and outgoing idocs
types 810, 830, 850, 855, 856, 862.(Specializing the automotive
industry).

e Integration with 3PL for transportation related business processes

e Work within the IT applications team as a Sr. SAP functional analyst for service requests,

enhancements and projects.

¢ Gather requirements from the business through workshops/meetings and translate them to functional solutions.
e Configure the back end settings in the ECC system and write functional specifications for the technical’

development team

e Work with the technical team in converting the functional requirements to technical solutions.
e Testing changes and moving the developments thru various systems.
Working with the business team thru UAT and finally working with the basis team to move the development to the

production system.

© Coordinate with EAI and EDI teams to develop new requirements for eBusiness.

Consumer Loan Officer
Altura Credit Union — Riverside, CA

e Analyzed applicants' financial status, credit and property evaluation to determine feasibility of granting loan.

e Educated customers on variety of loan products and available credit options to promote valuable decision-making.
e Adhered to federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending.

¢ Performed daily maintenance of loan applicant database.

e Obtained and compiled copies of loan applicants’ credit histories, corporate financial statements and other financial

information to update credit and loan files.

¢ Gathered and documented client financial information and application details meeting lending requirements and

accurately representing client status.

¢ Prequalified borrowers based on credit criteria and offered debt counseling and financial education to clients and

potential clients to help attain loan qualification.

¢ Built relationships with clients and used knowledge of consumer marketplace, products and finance to fully
understand clients’ personal plans and introduced suitable loan services.

At-Home Advisor
Apple — City, STATE

¢ Developed and implemented troubleshooting plans to improve number of issues resolved in initial call by 25%.
e Assisted 40+ customers on a day to day basis exceeding customer satisfaction targets of 90%.
¢ Obtained initial Apple product certifications and participated in continuous training courses to exceed customer

satisfaction.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

BBA: Business
Georgia State University - Atlanta