JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Executive PRoFILE

Over twenty years of progressive, comprehensive experience as an innovative finance professional, including areas in project management
and SAP system modules. Demonstrated ability to effectively plan. coordinate and meet deadlines of multiple projects. Noted for positive
tapport with co-workers and clients. Detail oriented, with a proven ability to successfully contribute to company objectives. Professional
experience 2014 - Present Decipher Software Solutions Clearwater, FL Business Development Director Identified trendsetter ideas by
researching industry and related events, publications, and announcements: tracking individual contributors and their accomplishments.
Located or proposed potential business deals by contacting potential partners; discovering and exploring opportunities. Screened potential
business deals by analyzing market strategies, deal requirements, potential, and financials: evaluating options; resolving intemal priorities;
recommending equity investments. Worked on new business deals by coordinating requirements; developing and negotiating contracts;
integrating contract requirements with business operations. Protected organization's value by keeping information confidential. Updated job
knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in
professional organizations. Enhanced organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests: exploring
opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.

Semi HicuricutTs
¢ Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
¢ Merchandising expertise e Product promotions

Core ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

01/2013 to 01/2014 Caribbean Project SAP Functional Advisor
John Wiley & Sons, Inc. — Campbell, CA

¢ Consulted with US PwC Firm and the member firm stakeholders in Bahamas, Trinidad, and Jamaica on ther SAP
implementation to manage project scope and the deliverables timeline.

e Worked with the Caribbean PwC Firm internal accounting department to understand business processes and
statutory reporting requirements.

e Performed a Gap Fit Analyses and worked with IT to customize solutions to meet the foreign territories’
requirements.

e Prepared change management training materials.

¢ Lead end user training classes.

e Lead the engagement economics educational courses.

01/2010 to 01/2013 Sector Finance Leader
American Express — Jamaica, NY

e Responsible for managing the financial function of four sectors: Private Equity, Energy, Technology, and EMC,
including areas of Financial Risk, Operations and Systems Risk Services, Internal Audit Services, Strategic Risk
Services and Compliance Risk Services.

e Gave guidance in the planning and budgeting process in which strategic short and long term business and financial
objectives are defined.

¢ Provided advice and assistance to the Leadership Teams on how to achieve the financial objectives outlined in the
strategic plan.

© Delivered pertinent periodic financial and statistical information and relevant analyses to the Leadership Team on a
timely basis.

e Represented the finance function at leadership meetings.

¢ Provided sector financial information and analyses to finance leadership.

¢ Submitted to leadership new financial policies and recommended changes to existing policies.

01/2007 to 01/2010 Service Line Finance Sr. Manager
PricewaterhouseCoopers Health Industries Advisory — City, STATE

e Directed the preparation of annual budgets to coincide with the planned financial objectives.

e Analyzed monthly financial results in comparison to budget, determine related reasons for significant variances and
provide the Leadership Team with comments, observations and suggestions for resolving financial issues.

¢ Monitored investment in client services and implement related firm policies.

¢ Provided guidance and assistance to HIA partners and staff regarding use of the firm's SAP system for engagement
economics.

© Coordinated financial operations, controls and results with Advisory financial directors.

© Coordinated revenue related activities such as the monitoring of utilization rates, headcount statistics and billing
rates with human resource counterparts.

e Ensured that adequate controls are in effect to provide accurate revenue and expense reporting.

e Performed special projects as requested by members of the Leadership Team.

© Monitored, controlled and reported on internal investment initiative requests, budgets and expenditures.

01/2005 to 01/2007 SAP Project Sr. Manager
PricewaterhouseCoopers — City, STATE
e Managed a portfolio of functional projects relating to PwC's SAP BW system.
¢ Worked with internal clients to determine project definition and business requirements.
e In charge of the administrative aspects of the BW projects.
¢ Managed client and stakeholder relationships at project level.
e Provided leadership to project teams and inter clients in the SAP BW environment.
e Advised clients on project governance.
e Set up an appropriate project organization.
© Developed work plans and coordinating the activities of the project team and sub-team.
© Managed project planning and scheduling.

01/2003 to 01/2005 SAP BW Functional Manager
PricewaterhouseCoopers — City, STATE
¢ Worked closely with BW developers to build solutions, according to business functional requirements.
* Conducted dashboard training sessions.
e Gained knowledge of BW data architecture and authored documentation in the Finance Site.
e Developed an understanding of R3 transactions and the impact to reporting.
¢ Delivered work plan within established timelines.
© Coordinated with the Change Management Technical Documentation Team to ensure documentation is updated.
e Coordinated with the Change Management L&E team to create presentation materials.
¢ Delivered presentations of the new BW data architecture to the entire Finance Leadership.
© Developed and executed test scripts.
e Participated in report requirements / enhancement gathering sessions.
e Analyzed & documented reporting requirements in technical specifications.
e Built solutions to business requirements utilizing SAP BW tool suite.
e Trained end users and SAP team members on features, capabilities/limitations of SAP BW.

01/1998 to 01/2002 Service Line Finance Manager
PricewaterhouseCoopers — City, STATE

© Provided advice and assistance to the GRMS Finance Director on how to improve the financial reporting process in
terms of content, timing, analyses and best practices.

© Coordinated and conformed the financial reporting to the strategic plans and budgets.

e Provided relevant analyses of the financial and operating results to the Leadership Team on a timely basis.

¢ Utilized financial and operating information available through the firm's systems and databases, and prepared
periodic reports for GRMS as a whole, including relevant consolidating worksheets.

e Prepared relevant analyses (narrative comments) for the monthly financials for inclusion in distribution to the
GRMS Leadership Team: Determine reasons for significant variances from budget and prior year amounts.

¢ Develop suggestions/recommendations for improvements and future actions.

01/1995 to 01/1998 Sr. Financial Analyst
PricewaterhouseCoopers — City, STATE
¢ Formulated annual budgets and forecasted monthly profit levels.
¢ Provided vital company statistics on various cost drivers to be used as the basis for allocation percents for region
wide indirect cost pools.
e Analyzed the Firm's current profit levels vs.
e budgeted amounts and submitted findings in monthly commentary memos.
e Received and responded to multiple requests to research unusual staff and vendor spending transactions.

01/1992 to 01/1995 Financial Analyst
Kmart Fashions — City, STATE
e Analyzed actual weekly financials vs.
e budget.
e Prepared statistical reports to analyze corporate data.
¢ Prepared annual budget.

EpucatIon
2000
Fairleigh Dickinson University - Teaneck, NJ
GPA: GPA: 3.6
GPA: 3.6
1991 BS: Finance
University of Scranton - Scranton, PA
GPA: GPA: 3.33 Omicron Delta Epsilon (Economics Honor Society) & Dean's List.
Finance GPA: 3.33 Omicron Delta Epsilon (Economics Honor Society) & Dean's List.
SKILLS

accounting, administrative. billing, budgeting. budgets, budget, business processes, Change Management, content, client, clients, databases,
documentation, drivers, economics, Equity, features, Finance, financials, Financial, financial reporting, functional, human resource,
Leadership, Director, managing. materials, meetings, policies, presentations, profit, project planning, reporting, research, SAP. SAP BW,
scheduling, scripts, statistics, Strategic, strategic plans. user training, Technical Documentation, training materials