Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

With me you gain an employee who combines professional competence and a special character in perfection. I already have more
than 7 years of professional experience in development, especially in the support of the SAP REFX, SAP SD, SAP MM and SAP TM
modules.

I have also gained experience with SQL, Enterprise Architect, JavaScript, JAVA, ABAP RAP, ABAP 4 and ABAP OO, SAP UI5, SAP
Fiori. I would like to continuously develop myself professionally, and his solution-oriented and communicative manner rounds off

my profile. My open nature makes it a pleasure to work with me.
Skills

e Advanced SAP knowledge (ABAP OO, ABAP/4, BOPF, JAVA, © HTMLS5, CSS and JavaScript, Eclipse, Adobe Lifecycle

ALV, BADIs, user Exits, BTE) Designer
e New technologies (SAP UI5, Enhancement Framework, S/ ¢ Testing and maintenance (ABAP Unit Testing )
4hana) e Web-based Application (WebDynpro )
¢ Database programming (SQL) ¢ Programming (Java, C++, ABAP )
e Agile(Scrum)
Work History

SAP ABAP Developer And Consultant, 07/2021 to Current
Clarkston Consulting - Durham, Baden Wiirttemberg, Germany
e Created and maintained SAP Fiori and SAP UI5 applications using Abap Development Tools (ADT) in Eclipse and Web IDE.
¢ Traveled to client locations to implement SAP solutions such as S/4Hana, and offered post-installation support services.
e Multitasked and managed multiple deliverables and projects concurrently and facilitated use of SAP for enterprise resource
planning.
¢ Solved functional and technical obstacles and worked closely with project team from different streams.
e Coached and supported third-party clients, creating self-sufficient competencies within customer service personnel.
¢ Worked closely with the product owner in a scrum team to develop new or enhance existing applications
¢ Designed, developed, modified and debugged programs.
¢ Modified existing software to correct coding errors, upgrade interfaces and improve overall performance.
¢ Estimated work hours and tracked progress using Scrum methodology.
e Assisted in planning of software and system testing efforts.
e Analyzed work to generate logic for new systems, procedures and tests.

e Corrected, modified and upgraded software to improve performance.

SAP ABAP Developer And Consultant, 07/2019 to 06/2021
Atos Global IT Solutions — City, NRW

¢ Implementation and upgrade of SAP S/4Hana, SAP R/3, SAP UI5 applications including NW7.5, ECC 6+, Abap Development
Tools on Eclipse.

e Tested, implemented, Coded, debugged, and documented highly complex programs.

¢ Designed programs and systems to meet highly complex business needs.

¢ Developed WebDynpro Applications using MVC.

¢ Created detailed functional Specifications and technical documentation from which programs are developed and coded.

e Gathered information from existing systems, analyzes program and time requirements.

¢ Used Tools like SOL Trace for Runtime Analysis.

¢ Worked in Debugging, Transport System, Performance Tuning.

¢ Created SAP Reports for modules like MM, TM, SD, REFX and suing ABAP/4 and ABAP OO to extract data.

¢ Applied Object Oriented Programming (OOP's) principles in creating programs using ABAP and BOPF framework

¢ Facilitated change and continuous improvement to SAP applications.

¢ Troubleshoot and corrected SAP module problems by using ABAP programming language to implement OSS Notes.

¢ Modified system screens to provide default values and eliminate unnecessary fields using transaction variants.

¢ Created specialized reports for SAP Modules using ABAP programming language.

¢ Developed programs and supports production activities for IT applications.

¢ Made required coding changes related to change request or system updates.

¢ Maintained close contact with the business and business processes.

¢ Developed programs (reports) using ABAP/4, ABAP Objects, OO ALV, Smart Forms, Adobe Forms, Function Modules, Dialog
Programming, User Exits, Screen Painter, Menu Painter, BADIs Class Builder, Data Dictionary, Enhancement Framework
(explicit and implicit enhancement).

¢ Worked on a project in creating smart forms and adobe interactive forms using the Adobe Lifecycle Designer.

SAP ABAP Developer, 01/2015 to 06/2019
Aareon Deutschland GmbH - City, Northrhine Westfalia, Germany
e Prepared technical SAP reports used multiple clients.
¢ Worked together with the end user client and SAP functional consultants to gather new requirements and test technical solution
for their business processes.
¢ Used Runtime analysis and SQL tracer to optimize code
¢ Development of new programs for Contracts Purchase Order, Sales Order using BAPIs.
e Enhanced standard programs using the enhancement framework (implicit and explicit ) , User exits and Business Add Ins
(BADIs).
¢ Designed and implement Smart and Adobe forms for multiple business processes such as PO, Sales Order, Freight Order using
the Adobe Lifecycle Designer.
e Prepared technical specifications for the new objects to be developed
e Analysis on WebDynpro applications as per the customer requirements.
¢ Created RFCs for customers
¢ Prepared technical documentations for objects which are not having any documentations.
¢ Conducted code reviews for the new developed enhancements

¢ Creation and maintenance of Dictionary objects lie Domains, Data elements and Tables .

Education

Bachelor of Science: Applied Computer Science And System Engineering, 07/2017
University of Duisburg-Essen - Northrhine Westphalia Germany

Certifications

e SAP Certified Development Associate - ABAP with SAP NetWeaver 7.50
https://www.youracclaim.com/go/495M7kLS

e ABAP RESTful Application Programming Model
(ABAP RAP)
https://open.sap.com/verify/xuvoz-sekyk-zysaf-carat-mibes

¢ Basic Certificate in Project Management (GPM) - PMZERT

¢ Basic Certificate Business Analysis - DXC Academy