Sap Abap Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH im:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective
Experienced .NET, JAVA and ABAP developer also a versatile application developer helping design,

develop, maintain, and enhance client server and Web-enabled applications. Leaded development
tears inthe SAP FICO, MM, PP and SD rnodules based on the PW and ASAP methodologies,

Skills

7+ years of extensive experience in developing, ABAP Developer.

Work Experience

Sap Abap Developer
ABC Corporation - August 2007 - March 2009

.

Developed reports and Interfaces resulting in financial stability and positive cash flow.
Configured and cross-trained CFM Transaction and Cash Mgmt Electronic bank statement,
intra-day bank statement polling, cash position, liquidity forecast, money markets
(lending/borrowing), foreign exchange deals, AP FL10 payment program, TR F111 payment
program, and cash concentration.

Mapped and setup interfaces for electronic payment and bank staternent/lockbox processing
with banks using SWIFT MT101 and BAI2 standards.

Wrote ABAP specs for special auto-clearing of ACH payments,

Created SAPSCRIPT forms for dunning notices to be sent to the clients.

Developed of enhancements, user exits, badis, coding standard, and financial and hr reports.
Developed bapis with abap to json conyersion, sending data by http to nor-sap system,

Sap Abap Developer
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2007

Environment AIX UNIX Skills/Tools SAPScript, ABAP, R/3 Created forms for dunning notices to
be sent to the clients,

Also supplement manifests form, fax confirmation with cllent and financial Information form,
Developed ticket vouchers to be shipped to clients with itinerary information.

Applied SAP notes to correct run time errors in standard SAP programms,

Developed an interface to communicate Apple Vacation central booking engine with the Hotel
Riu and other hotels booking engines,

Developed a mirror engine inside R/3 to allow the AMResorts to have thelr own separate
Inventory.

This prevented major Issues and simplified the process.

Education
Bachelors In Cornputer System Engineer - (UNAPEC University)

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines