Jessica CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 © resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

SAP FICO S4HANA professional. Two years of SAP Experience, successfully helped Terumo bring positive change through SAP
technology solutions. Led and contributed to implementation, support, roll out projects across Finance. Experience in Treasury,
Banking, General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Credit Management, Lockbox Accounting, Dispute Management,
COPA.

Skills

Strong knowledge of ERP Finance and Controlling Process Analytical Skills
Experience with Financial Supply Chain Management (FSCM)

Work History

SAP Treasury & Banking Applications Specialist, 07/2019 to Current
Terumo Americas Holdings, Inc — City, STATE

e Under the leadership and tactical guidance of Sr. Manager, SAP Record to Report, the SAP Specialist — Finance Treasury &
Banking Application specialist successfully collaborating with business stakeholders, consultants to help design, develop, and
deploy and support solutions in SAP S/4HANA.

¢ Played a critical role in supporting the developing the architecture and implementation of SAP S{HANA within the operating
subsidiaries and the holding company Terumo in North and South America.

¢ Member of the Center of Excellence team for SAP, Report to Record.

e Develop and maintain roadmap for the Finance and controlling solution, ensuring it reflects the current and future business
needs, aligns with industry, SAP best practices and solution roadmap.

e Proactively and effectively communicate and collaborates with the SAP COE Leadership team to address the need for bolt-on
and other integrated applications which have relevance across Terumo operations.

e Enhanced Incoming and Outgoing Payments, AP/AR matching, General Ledger, Cost Center, Accounting processes through the
development of regionally relevant solutions to meet business needs.

¢ Worked successfully with other Process Team(s) in resolving key integration points between and across processes to ensure they
are properly accounted for.

¢ Worked with other Process Team(s) on cross-functional processes (SAP Hierarchy).

¢ Worked with other Process Team(s) in development and execution of the test scripts in the integration testing cycles, as well as
develop and execution of the cutover activities.

¢ Built on basic knowledge in areas such as IDOCs, batch job processing to troubleshoot and suggest improvements.

e Performed Fit/Gap assessment and finalize functional requirements.

¢ Work with Consultants and developers to clarify any requirements as needed.

e Successfully performed unit testing and ensure satisfaction of the documented requirements.

¢ Timely development and communication of weekly/monthly/quarterly status reports to Record to Report Solution Architect.

Group Treasury Analyst, 03/2018 to 07/2019
Terumo Americas Holding, Inc — City, STATE
e Manage daily cash management activities for cash reporting to senior management.
e Provide daily cash reconciliation for Terumo Americas Holding, Terumo Medical Corporation, and Terumo Latin America.
¢ Established the banking structure and manage the daily bank relationships for entire company.
¢ Implementation and maintenance of the Treasury Management System — Kyriba.
¢ Maintain ERC technology application to optimize productivity and increase hit rates.
e Process ACH positive pay request for all subsidiaries.
e Analyze and negotiate bank fees to insure consistent treasury management service pricing across the company.
¢ Create automation of AP files approval, reporting, and processing.
e Analysis of AP payments and savings.
¢ Administrator of companywide card programs.
¢ Full implementation of the companywide Corporate Purchase Card Program as well as Travel and Expense Program.
e Administrator for all banking platform applications.
e Support and Lead Cash collection improvement process projects.
¢ Maintains and monitors banking activity in Treasury Management's system’s modular database.
e Ensure cash is properly balance, codified and reconciled for accounting’s review and recording.
¢ Provide on-going Treasury support to subsidiaries on banking issues.
e File yearly Foreign Bank Account (FBAR) filing for Terumo Americas Holding and subsidiaries.

Group Treasury Specialist, 12/2015 to 03/2018
Terumo Americas Holding, Inc — City, STATE
e Perform all daily cash management activities including cash positioning.
¢ Report daily, weekly, monthly cash reporting for TAH to the senior management.
e Execute cash transactions for account transfers, intercompany loans, investment transactions for TAH subsidiaries.
e Assist Senior Treasury Analyst with preparation of cash forecast for all TAH subsidiaries.
¢ Monthly cash reconciliation for Terumo Medical Corporation cash bank accounts.
e Prepare and post TAH miscellaneous deposits and monthly journal entries for all cash activity.
¢ Submit positive pay file for weekly checks for TAH and TMC.
¢ Responsible for accurately tracking check disbursements and check clearing on a daily basis across all TAH subsidiaries.
e Prepare monthly credit card receipt reports for TAH.
e Perform monthly analysis for making sure Merchant Transactions are achieving qualified savings.
e Prepare monthly product cash reports.
¢ Distribute and file daily, weekly, monthly Bank Statements.
e Analyze bank fees to insure consistent treasury management service pricing across the company.
¢ Load and Execute Federal Fund Wires and ACH payments on a daily basis.
¢ Process lockbox cash receipts and intercompany netting and settlement schedules in support for Terumo Medical Corporation.

Cash Application, Accounts Receivable, 02/2015 to 12/2015
Accutest Laboratories — City, STATE
¢ Process payments received (wires, checks, credit cards) in, accounts against open invoice to U.S.
e Customers.
¢ Remotely deposit checks received at New Jersey corporate headquarters.
¢ Reconcile cash received daily against cash applications.
¢ Manage unapplied cash reporting and reconciliation.
¢ Process daily cash collections reports to senior management.
e Manage credit card processing through First Data application.
¢ Collect and resolve credit card declines with accounts receivable team.
¢ Properly code invoices for payment, enter cash receipts, and update accounts receivable ledger by customer.
¢ Daily use of MAS 500 accounting program and LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System).
e Assist staff members as necessary (i.e.

e Pulling invoice copies, back-up, etc).
Education

Graduate, Bachelor of Science: Healthcare Administration, 2012

University of Phoenix