Robert Smith

Jr. SAP Consultant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Currently employed with Cognizant Technology Solutions as a SAP
Consultant . Well experienced in different Cross Application technique. Have
experience and knowledge on handing SAP Master Data Objects.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. SAP Consultant
ABC Corporation- August 1997 - December 1997

Responsibilities:

Created a Batch Input program to load GL-Account Posting Header data
using transaction F-O2 Developed Classical BDC prograrn.

Report that lists all customers, the materials ordered and the net price
for a given customer by sales area Report that lists.

Developed a report of all the Fast roving items listing material number,
quantity, plant, and delivery date,

Created a new Order Confirmation Layout set and print program.
Created a print program to generate transfer orders.

Inserting a company logo, company address, order nurnber, sold to,
ship to, product no, net price,

Modified invoice print program to get the narne of the person wha
created the sales document Created sales order and purchase orders.
Actively worked In master data, order types, contract types, basic
function, pricing, availability check, route determination,

SAP Consultant

ABC Corporation -

1994 - 1997

Re sponsibilities:

Client SEL, STIL, SWIL, SWECO Suzlon Energy Limited is Worlds 5th
largest wind turbine manufacturer with operations in Australia, China,
Europe, India & USA with international business headquarters in
Denmark.

Suzlon is having own ERP division for implementing SAP R3 for in house
project for own Group Cornpany & proving support to existing
implemented cornpanies.

Worked as a Projects tearn rember Salient feature of my work onthe
project were as follows - | was responsible for Implementation & Post
Implementation support for Suzlon group of companies.

Involved in Customer Project Mapping.

Configuration in Project structure, Std. Ternplates, CATS for hours
booking & Clair - Authorization and role management.

Online support to end users for day to day activities through service
desk.

End user training and training material developrnent,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.corm

SKILLS

Worked On SD, FI,
EWM;Data Archiving SD,
MM, 1S-O1L.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Cormpany
Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)