JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Procurement and Material Planning Specialist with management experience, and exceptional leadership skills. Versed in strategic sourcing
and continuous improvement, I desire a challenging role in Supply Chain Leadership. Excellent client and project management skills. Action-
oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences.

SKILLS
¢ Operations Management e Materials Planning
* Strategic Sourcing © Process Improvement
* Operational process tools e Advanced in SAP
e Advanced Negotiator e Advanced in Analytics
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Carrying continuous improvement tools to Dorman Products, I was able to rebuild the supply chain of the packaging product group, with the
help of the product team to increase inventory turns, decrease company costs on packaging, and build strong relationships with product group
vendors. This one year project has lead to increased job performance, reduction in time spent on particular jobs, and has brought Dorman
more than $350,000 in yearly savings.

EXPERIENCE

06/2017 to Current Procurement Specialist/Material Planner
Dorman Products — City, STATE

e Optimized roles at all levels, facilitated communication and adjusted culture to be more open and productive, while
merging multiple roles into one.

¢ Boosted company efficiency and customer satisfaction by streamlining processes deemed inefficient.

e Created solutions in the areas of inventory, reporting, distribution and product upgrades that led to system
improvements and streamlined processes.

¢ Managed entire project life cycle from initial concept through final delivery.

e Set project schedules and oversaw milestones for duration of project.

01/2017 to 06/2017 SAP SME (Subject Matter Expert)
Clemens Food Group — City, STATE
e Attended over 50 hours of training to become a super user in SAP. After becoming advanced in SAP. it became my
duty to train all supervisors in my area of the business on SAP user responsibilities, and create a plan to enable a
smooth transition of business software.
e My team and I were tasked with overseeing all cost comparisons between our old system and SAP. to ensure all
BOMs were correct, and that all costs were transitioning to SAP correctly.

09/2016 to 07/2017 Cost Accountant - Production Analyst
Clemens Food Group — City, STATE
e¢ Recommended operational improvements based on tracking and analysis. Performed competitor bench marking
analysis and identified savings opportunities and potential product enhancements. Prepared the business to go live
with SAP.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2015 Bachelor of Science: Agribusiness Management
The Pennsylvania State University - State College. PA
Specialization in Food Science and Technology