PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS ©

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

To be a part of dynamic organization and be involved in challenging projects, ultimately attaining the
organization goal. Having more than 3.7 years of experience as a SAP SD Functional Consultant and having
4 years' experience in portal industries (Shine.com- Job portal) and held various positions in marketing and
sales. A result oriented professional experience in Sales. *Proficient at maintaining cordial relationship with
customers, identifying their individual need, providing solution to their problems, providing good after sales
service ensuring customer satisfaction and their retention *An effective communicator with excellent
relationship building & interpersonal skills. “Target and achievement oriented with an ability to take up
challenges and perform in challenging work environments. *Managing the sales and marketing operations
and accountable for increasing sales growth. *Driving sales initiatives to achieve business goals. *Exploring
potential business avenues & managing marketing & sales operation for achieving increased business growth
& initiating market development efforts. *Analyzing latest marketing trends & tracing competitors' activities &
providing valuable inputs for tuning corporate sales & marketing strategies. “Identifying prospective clients
from various sectors, generating business from the existing and there by achieving business target

« Guest services e Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures « Cash register operations
« Merchandising expertise e Product promotions

SAP SD CONSULTANT

« Controlling Sales Documents - Sales document types, Item categories, Schedule line Categories.

« Good knowledge in Pricing & worked on Pricing requirements of client.

e Proficient in various configurations like.

« Availability Check.

« Credit management.

« Partner determination.

« Output determination.

e Transfer of requirements.

« Copy controls.

« Credit memo and Debt memo.

e« Knowledge on various business Process like.

« Order to Cash.

e Third party and IPO.

e« Consignment Process.

« STO.

« Knowledge on user exits enhancements.

« Knowledge on data uploading tools like LSMW.

e SAP SD Work Experience.

e Project Name : Power and water (power and generation services).

« Duration : from May 2014 - Till date.

e Type of Project : Support Project.

e Client: GE Power and Water, USA.

e Client Profile: GE Power & Water provides a broad array of power generation, energy delivery, and
water process technologies to solve the challenges locally.

e |t works in several areas of the energy industry, including renewable resources such as wind and solar,
biogas and alternative fuels, and coal, oil, natural gas, and nuclear energy.

e Version SAP R/3 ECC 6.0.

SFOASSOCIATE CONSULTANT 04/2014 to 01/4
Deloitte

e responsible for support of multiple locations.

e Supporting numerous issues in the areas of resource allocation (MRS Module), PS Module, Sales order,
inbound delivery, outbound delivery, Billing and interface like customer connect and working with users.

e Responsible for support order to cash processes in several locations including Dubai, Saudi Arabia,
USA, Japan, Singapore, China, and Malaysia, Spain.

e Working with user for various process and provide the solution.

e Working closely with tech team for testing the new configuration.

e Involved in providing Functional support, testing of new enhancement as per client's requirement.

e Working on different interface.

« Working on MRS, MM and PS modules.

e Worked on new Output Type configuration.

e Preparing business process documents for the sales and distribution activities.

e Preparation of test cases and user documentation.

e Training to the users.

e Providing support to client by resolving SD, MRS and PS module tickets.

e Handing of client calls.

e Preparing of MOM (minutes of meeting) and status calls.

e Working on ticketing tool like ServiceNow.

e Working on interface like Customer connects and HP ALM.

e Project Name : Power and water (power and generation services Type of Project : Rollout project Client
- GE Power and Water, USA Client Profile: GE Power & Water provides a broad array of power
generation, energy delivery, and water process technologies to solve the challenges locally.

e It works in several areas of the energy industry, including renewable resources such as wind and solar,
biogas and alternative fuels, and coal, oil, natural gas, and nuclear energy.

SAO SD CONSULTANT 10/2013 to 01/2014

e Version SAP R/3 ECC 6.0 Responsibilities.

e = Involve in BBP

e Configured Sales document types, item categories and schedule line categories.

e Configure Credit Management.

e Configured Availability check and Transfer of requirements.

e Configured Output determination.

e Worked on Copy control Requirements.

e Configure pricing procedures.

e Configured revenue account determination.

e Project Name : Power and water (power and generation services Type of Project - Support Project.

e Client Profile: GE Power & Water provides a broad array of power generation, energy delivery, and
water process technologies to solve the challenges locally.

e It works in several areas of the energy industry, including renewable resources such as wind and solar,
biogas and alternative fuels, and coal, oil, natural gas, and nuclear energy.

SFOASSOCIATE CONSULTANT ASSISTANT MANAGER 09/2008 to 09/2012
Aon Corporation

e responsible for support of multiple locations.

e Supporting numerous issues in the areas of resource allocation (MRS Module), PS Module, Sales order,
inbound delivery, outbound delivery. Billing and interface like customer connect and working with users.

e Responsible for support order to cash processes in several locations including Dubai, Saudi Arabia,
USA, Japan, Singapore, China, and Malaysia, Spain.

e Working with user for various process and provide the solution.

e Working closely with tech team for testing the new configuration.

e Involved in providing Functional support, testing of new enhancement as per client's requirement.

e Working on different interface.

« Working on MRS, MM and PS modules.

e Worked on new Output Type configuration.

e Preparing business process documents for the sales and distribution activities.

e Preparation of test cases and user documentation.

e Training to the users.

* Providing support to client by resolving SD, MRS and PS module tickets.

e Handing of client calls.

e Preparing of MOM (minutes of meeting) and status calls.

e Working on ticketing tool like ServiceNow.

e Working on interface like Customer connects and HP ALM.

e Domain work experience: Worked with Fire fly e-ventures Itd.

¢ 100% subsidiary of Hindustan Times.

MBA | Marketing as major and Human Resource Management

Marketing as major and Human Resource Management

HF 2008
Karunya University

B.A 2005
Rajiv Gandhi College (Barkatulla University)

IntOrmediate 2002
Nalanda Public High School
Classification: Genpact Public