Sap Sd Consultant I Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Danicl Vazquez is a SAP-SD Consultant with more than live years of experience in information
systems area, Proven experience in SAP Project Implementation, covering activities as process
analysis & design, SAP SD module customizing, functional specifications, functional testing, user
training, user & customizing documentation, final preparation, go-live and final user support,

Project Management Professional,

Work Experience

Sap Sd Consultant I
IBM INDIA PVT.LTD - October 2012 - 2020

Serviced both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers, the Company provides
drug distribution and related services designed Lo reduce costs and improve patient outcomes,
Worked as a Senior Consultant for this project.

Responsible for OM process like order Interface (Via IDOC), Order to Cash, Drop Ship Price,
Substitution via Vistex, Product Allocation, Eligibility , Slieky Price via Mobile Application,
Delayed Delivery order Process (850, 855,860,865 and 824}.

Defined and Assigned partner functions and pariner determination procedures asa part of
Partner Determination.

Worked on Pricing Procedure, Sales document types, Number Ranges lor all the Master Data
and also worked on Business requirement for maintaining contact person for customers and
vendors without the authorizations of change mode.

Contigured Sales document types, Number Ranges for all the Master Data Provided Solution for
entering DEA and HIN numbers by assigning Objects to Classes in the Classification System
Unit &amp; Integration Testing, End User Training and testing signofls, preparation of
Customizing and Design Documentation.

Configured document types with allowed account assignments, account categorics and
different internal number ranges for prs &amp;pos.

Sap Sd Consultant
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2012

Suncor Energy Ine.

{s an iniegrated energy company headquartered in Calgary, Alberia.

Suneors ail sands business located near Fort MeCurry where they extracts, upgrades oil sands
and markets refinery feedstock , diesel fuel and natural gas,

Suneor operates a refining and marketing business in Ontario with retail distribution under
the Sunoce brand.

Suncors common shares {symbol SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges.
Roles and responsibilities in support In TSW worked in transport system, Stock Projection,
Marine Scheduling, Nomination and ticketing.

tn Exchanges worked in exchange data flow, Terminalling, netting and fees.

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines