PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Ambitious and motivated [Job Title] bringing [Number] years of experience supporting multiple senior vice

presidents, executive directors and senior partners.

e« Excellent communication skills e Advanced clerical knowledge

e« [Number] WPM typing speed « Compensation and benefits

« Accurate and detailed e Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
e Resourceful e Self-directed

« AR/AP e Strong interpersonal skills

« Advanced clerical knowledge
« Multitine phone proficiency
e« Report development

« Schedule management

© ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT/SAP ADMINISTRATOR 10/2013 to 09/2014

Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. | Lafayette, LA

« Provide administrative support to the Site Service Manager and REM Manager at the Genentech facility.

« Schedule, reschedule work orders and data entry using SAP for facility, janitorial and offsite vendors.

e« Run daily dispatch report; reconcile work orders and provide the work schedule.

« Create notifications, enter data into SAP and run daily reports.

« Work closely with the Genentech REM staff to provide them with excellent service for the buildings
facility needs.

e« Create and run multiple reports in order to research open, outstanding and completed work orders.

« Support to REM staff as well as administrative support to SBM staff.

e Assist with activities and monthly meetings.

EXOCUTIVE ASSISTANT 03/2010 to 03/2011
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. | Tampa, FL

e Finance Assistant to the Finance Manager, receive invoices, prepare weekly check run and obtain
proper signatures then send to vendors.

e Run AP/AR reports in Job Scope.

e File maintenance for all invoices both AP and AR, contact for all vendors.

e Assist with multiple projects, reports and end of the month close.

e Pulled parts in warehouse, operated sky jack lift and inventoried entire on hand supplies and parts for
final closure of the business.

EXOCUTIVE ASSISTANT 2006 to 2009
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. | Baltimore, MD

e Assistant to Marketing Co.

e President, fully in charge of the regional office without direct supervision, supervised office assistants,
gave performance reviews and was solely responsible for managing every aspect of the office i.e.

e — facility maintenance, inventory, purchasing etc.

e Processed payroll bi-weekly, maintained all personnel files as well as all termination files and leave of
absence files.

e Responsible for all personnel/HR data entry into our system. handled all recruitment needs such as
position postings, contact for all applicants, screened all applicants, conducted interviews, in charge of
final wages requests and handled all terminations appropriately.

e Handled unemployment claims and attended hearings if needed, filed workman's comp claims, attended
Labor Board hearings and numerous other court proceedings.

e Responsible for risk management compliance, maintained HMBP files, as well as all permits and
licenses for our 13 locations.

e Paid all invoices, authorized signer for all company drafts, in charge of petty cash, company credit
cards, and handled all confidential or sensitive items.

e Created weekly sales reports, salary and wages reports and Profit and Loss reports, as well as
coordinate and run all reports for end of the month meetings.

e Handled all escalated customer complaints appropriately and also providing resolution information to
BBB when needed.

EXOQCUTIVE ASSISTANT 2002 to 2006
Penske Automotive Group | Turnersville, NJ

e Provide administrative support to the National Fleet Manager.

e Responsible for handling every aspect of the entire company fleet of over 1200 units which included:
registration renewals, transporter licenses, motor carrier permit renewals, and paying citations.

e Responsible for overall maintenance of equipment by providing important mileage and date of service
information with extensive reporting methods | helped develop.

e Entered all data for fleet maintenance services and repairs into system to ensure our equipment was in
excellent condition and in compliance with Federal and State laws.

e Reconcile monthly maintenance statements for all major accounts such as Bridgestone, Fleet Pride,
Michelin and International.

e Entered all purchase orders and invoices into JD Edwards.

e Provided account assistance for all major corporate accounts.

e Provided weekly and monthly reports to numerous state and federal agencies such as IRP. IFTA, and
DOT to ensure we were always at 100% in compliance for all motor carrier laws and regulations.

ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 2000 to 2002
Five Below, Inc. | Port Saint Lucie, FL

e Provide administrative support to the Vice President of Imports.

e Account manager for major accounts such as Raley's, Albertsons and Wal-Mart Superstores.

e Managed internal and external inventories for all accounts as well as our local inventory on site via
computerized inventory system and would conduct site visits for exact counts twice a year.

e Key person to purchase, sell and import quality Australian meat.

e Entered sales orders into system and tracked every shipping line that was handling our containers in
order to coordinate with Australian and US governments all legal documentation needed to import.

e Contact for the USDA and with US customs providing all tracking reports and container numbers.

e Developed multiple reports and tracking systems that were recognized by the USDA who currently
utilizes them for all US imports.

e Provided administrative assistance to Sales and Marketing departments when needed, provided
customer service daily.

HLWAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 1998 to 2000
Robert Mondavi Winery | City, STATE

e Provide administrative support to Human Resources Directors.

e Data entry of all confidential employee information into Oracle HR database.

e Updated weekly job postings, job hotline and website as well as placed job opening advertisements,
respond and track all incoming applicants and resumes.

e Created and maintained employee reports of all levels, maintain employee handbooks, benefits
packages and new hire packets, personnel file maintenance.

e Coordinated numerous employee events as well as share holder concerts and conducted new hire
training programs.

e Supported HR directors and was the assistant to the Dean of the Robert Mondavi University, employee
and customer service daily.

HUAN RESOURCES ADMIN. ASSISTANT, RECEPTIONIST AND MAIL/FACILITY CLERK 1997 to 1998
Partnership Health Plan Of California | City, STATE

e Payroll for 100+ employees, complete benefits administration, conducted new hire orientations, and
handled all applicant screenings and testing.

e Updated weekly job postings and job hotline, responded to all applicants and conducted interviews.

e OSHA reporting and tracking, conducted salary and benefit provider surveys, personnel file
administration, coordinated all employee events.

e Provided information regarding all personnel needs, addressed any issues appropriately.

¢ Operated multi-line switchboard, greeted and directed all customers and clients to appropriate areas.

e Responsible for distribution of payments to medical providers by obtaining appropriate signatures
(CFO/CEO) then reconciling checks with EOP's for bi-weekly check runs.

e Handled all facility maintenance needs such as landscape, minor office machine repair and upkeep of
entire office inside and out.

Associate of Science | Business
Heald Business College, Rancho Cordova, CA
Business

Dijoma
Vacaville High School, Vacaville, CA

administrative, administrative support, ADP. advertisements, AP. AR, AS 400. benefits, benefits administration,
Budget, bi, credit, clients. customer service, Data entry, Databases, database, documentation, Finance,
Human Resources, HR, inventory, JD Edwards, legal, managing, Marketing. meetings. Microsoft Access,
Microsoft Excel, office i, office, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Windows XP.
Microsoft Word, Oracle, Page Maker 6.5. Payroll, performance reviews, personnel, Profit and Loss.
purchasing, quality, reconciling, recruitment, repairs, reporting, research, risk management, Sales, SAP.
shipping. supervision, switchboard, employee handbooks, training programs, website. Web Design