SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

e A Certified Material Management Professional over 10 years of experience in Material Management,Procurement/Contracts,Inventory
control.vendor Development, including implementation .support experience & key end user experience in SAP ERP & SAP S/4 HANA.

e Excellent Domain knowledge in Material Management/contracts/Procurements.

e Skillful in developing & streamlining systems with proven ability to achieve cost saving & meet production targets within the cost &

time parameters.

e Effective communicator with excellent negotiation skills, with strong analytical power & problem solving & organizational abilities in

planning & managing resources.
SKILLS
¢ Domestic Procurement © Supplier Relationship Management
¢ Material Management e Master data Maintenance of Vendor Master & Material Master
e Inventory Management ® Release Procedure
« Negotiations e Material Requirement Planning

« Vendor Management

EXPERIENCE

07/2017 to 10/2018 SAP MM Team Lead

Infosys Ltd — Oakland, CA

e Working with E&Y on GST returns for Tata Global Beverages & Tata Coffee Ltd.IFB Industries & Honda Motors.

¢ Development of extractor program as per govt.

¢ Provided format & facilitating GST returns for Tata Global Beverages Ltd.

e Tata Coffee.

e Validation of Inward supplies, HSN/SAC code, Supply types etc.

e As per required govt.

¢ Rules.

¢ Looking after MM validation of the extractor program designed for GST returns.

e Interfacing with client for business related clarifications and building logic for correct data fetching in the extractor
program.

e Dealt with business scenarios like STO, Domestic and Imports purchases of goods and services.

* MM and FI table validations which includes header and line item data fetching from tables for Procurement
processes.

07/2016 to 07/2017 SAP MM Consultant

ZIETA Technologies — City, STATE

e Analyzed the Business requirements / and performed AS-IS, TO-BE analysis, documenting the operating
procedures.

e End to end Blue printing of all the procurement process.

¢ Prepared required document such as Visio, User Manual & Test scripts.

e Configuring and maintaining the Material Master & Vendor Master.

e Maintaining the Source lists, Info Records.

e Customized IMG activities in procurement and inventory management processes, such as Sourcing Process .
Vendor Return Process, Stock transfer from Plant to Plant and Storage Location to Storage Location, Transfer
Posting .RFQ, Contract, Schedule Arrangements, Good Receipts, Good Issues., reservation and transfer orders.

¢ Definition of Release Procedures for Purchasing documents with & without Classification.

¢ Creating and configuring the approval Procedures and providing the level of authorization.

e Configuration of Number range for Material Master, Vendor Master, Service Master and document types for
Purchasing Requisitions, Request for Quotation, Purchase Order, RFQ's etc.

e Maintenance of Excise Master Data, Maintenance of Tax Codes, Condition Records Tables and access sequences.

e Worked on all CIN Scenarios: Procurement of RAW Material, Procurement of Capital Goods, Import Process &
Sub Contracting Process.

08/2013 to 11/2015 SAP MM & SRM Consultant

Vedanta Aluminium Limited — City, STATE

¢ Deep understanding of the principles of Vendor Management.

¢ Provide Production support to users in issues pertaining to Purchase order,Service PO,Contract.

e Work with supplier enablement team to support the supplier on boarding process & provide training to suppliers.

¢ Troubleshoot the workflow related issue between buyers and higher management.

e Responsible for Organization structure maintenance and role Modification and providing Authorization for
Procurement Department.

e Preparation of Functional & Technical specification document.

¢ Carrying out all configuration changes as applicable.

e Handling Tickets, tasks and responsible for closing the same within defined SLAs(Service Level Agreements).

e Working with application developers for delivering the requirements and creation of custom objects whenever
necessary.

e Analyzed the Business requirements / studied the TO-BE flows .documenting the operating procedures.

e End to end Blue printing of all the procurement process with respect to Smelter-2 and Sterlite Energy Limited.

e Configuring and maintaining the Material Master & Vendor Master.

e Maintaining the Source lists, Info Records and Quota arrangement.

Worked on Purchase requisitions, Contracts, Scheduling agreements, Source lists, Request for quotations, purchase
orders, and source list determination.

¢ Maintained and worked on Inventory management with Physical inventory.

e Customized IMG activities in procurement and inventory management processes, such as Purchasing of Non stock
and Stock materials, RFQ, Contract, Schedule Arrangements, Good Receipts, Good Issues,, reservation and
transfer orders.

¢ Creating and configuring the approval Procedures and providing the level of authorization.

e Configuration of Number range for Material Master, Vendor Master, Service Master and document types for
Purchasing Requisitions, Request for Quotation, Purchase Order, RFQ's etc.

e Tested Successfully for all configuration settings by Unit and Integration testing Methods.

07/2007 to 07/2013 Associate Manager (Procurement)

Vedanta Aluminium Limited — City, STATE

e Expertise in Procurement terms & Purchase related to Civil, Mechanical Electrical.

e Prepare and manage RFQ proposals, purchase agreements, and scope of work.

e Initiates bid/quote process; writes bid specifications & prepares bid forms; manages the bidding process: analyzes
bid results: makes recommendations & awards.

e Determines & develops supplier portfolio strategy; Identifies suitable suppliers based on price, quality, availability,
reliability, and technical capabilities; Maintains cooperative supplier working relationships.

e Key team member in finalization of Annual Rate Contract (ARC) for spares and consumables for 2400MW IPP &
1.75MTPA Smelter Plant-Complete end to end sourcing for all spares & contract management of all major O&M
contracts. Manpower contracts,Employee engagement related contracting.

Participated as an core team member in implementing e-procurement (e-NFA.e-RFQ.e-Registration etc.) *Team

Lead for implementation of “Supplier Relationship Management” (SRM) module integrated with organizational

ERP (SAP) system.

e Functioned as a key member for introducing the service master in SAP & assisting to create Service code.

e Adroit in using SRM for each process from floating of enquiry to finalization of contract.

e Prepares contract documentation, Reviews documentation for completeness, accuracy, risks.

e Track and communicate status of overdue materials; seek out substitutions when needed.

e Work with warehouse team to conduct the inventory counts to ensure that all inventory is properly recorded in SAP
system.

e Create and maintain spreadsheets reports such as supplies spending. inventory, raw material, requisitions,
purchasing orders, etc.

e Ensuring the cost of a Material/Service contract by preparing & verifying the cost break up, evaluation,
negotiations to ensure 100% quality.

e Co-ordinating with various cross functional team like user dept. stores dept, finance team, stores team to meet the
customer requirements & resolve customer service issues, concerns.

© Monitor Open PO report, proactively identify and address possible delivery expedite issues, implement corrective
actions to achieve desired results.

e Primary point of contact for day to day supply chain service activities to internal employees and external clients.

¢ Highly proficient in SAP, Excel and other Microsoft applications «Basic understanding of blueprints and drawings,

dimensions and tolerances, and the ability to interpret and understand written material specifications.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

2007

CERTIFICATIONS

B.Tech: Civil Engineering
Biju Patnaik University of Technology

SAP Material Management Certification ID : 0010380696