Sap Business Objects Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH mney:

linkedin.corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Over 7+ Years of experience in decision support systerns Using Business Intelligence tools SAP
BOB) 4.0/3.1 / XI R3 / XI R2. Experience in gathering requirements from the business users and
prioritizing those requirements, which have the highest business impact in terms of analysis and
decision-making. Worked with Business users to analyze the business process and made
necessary changes ta the schema objects.

Skills

Project Management, Business Objects 5.1, 6.5, BOXI R2, BOX! R3, Oracle 10g, SQL Server, DB2,
Cognos 10, Qik.

Work Experience

Sap Business Objects Developer
a july 2014 - 2020

Worked on several development projects that includes eritical Universes and reports for
varlous usér populations.
Interacted with Business Users and owners to know their day to day Business views reflecting
thern in the Universes and Reports.
Created the Universes for different user populations such as BARS, Business Resource Center,
ClaimFacts and Consolidated Group Renewal System.
Created canned and ac-hoc reports meeting user requirements over the top of Universes and
freehand sql queries.

» Made modifications to existing Universes as part of the support.

+ Created, maintained and modified the business reports using the Business Objects Reporting
Module,

+ Created users, Groups, Folders and assigned privileges for various access levels |.e Viewers,
Power Users and Desk Users,

Sap Business Objects Developer
Delta Corporation - 2012 - 2014

» Kaiser CSBIO Project provides Business Intelligence solutions to Kaiser for all ROC and
California Regions.

* We develop solutions for BI reporting using SAP Business Objects.

* Involved In requirement gathering Garp; status meetings with client,

* Developed Business Objects (X] R2) Universes in Sql Server 2005/CA Service Desk
environment Wrote SQL Queries to create SOL Views to provide .

* Involved inthe below activities 1) Creating a security model and proposing to the client,

+ Valldating three layered security architecture(Location, abject, application level) 3) Editing
Universe for applying class level filter, managed.

+ This ls Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant te your current role,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines