Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; [nfo@awikresume, corm

Website : www. qwikresume,corm

Sap Business Objects Developer | Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Around 8 of Experience working with Business Objects 4.1, 4.0, Web Intelligence Rich Cent, Info
View, Security Design, Performance Manager, Dashboard Manager, Lifecycle Manager, Central
Management Console, Crystal Reports/X/10-8, Crystal Xcelsius 4.5 - 2008, Query as a Web
Service, Import Wizard, Central Configuration Manager, Live Office, Oracle SOL Server Experience
of Installing (Clustered environment), Configuring and upgrading Business Objects XIR3,

SKILLS

Excel, Excellent communication and consulting skills Ability to work independently.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sap Business Objects Developer |
ABC Corporation - May 2013 - January 2015

* Worked in Installation of BI 4.0 successfully, also Involved In unpacking the software files,
setting up the environment files and CMS repository Database.

* Involved in business requirement analysis for reporting and analytics requirernents for data
quality and legacy systems migration,

* Designed, developed and implemented solutions with data warehouse, ETL, data analysis,
and Bi reporting technologies.

* Developed Analytical Reports with multiple pararneter fields, multiple expressions and
multiple grouping for hierarchy levels and published them using the Business Objects
Enterprise Developed Universes using Designer for different business groups applying
business Intelligence for quality data,

* Worked on import and Export of the Universes on the BI server, with the changes In Database
Objects by using Import wizard and Designer module,

* Checked the Universes for Integrity and exported to the Repository to rake resources
available to the users and groups.

* Created Ad-hoc Reports by accessing the Universe.

Sap Business Objects Developer
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2013

* Responsibilities Interacted with business users to analyze the business process and
requirements and transforming requirements into prototypes.

» Worked with ETLtearm to translate business requirements Into ETL processes while developing
the data mart.

* Participated In Data Mapping workshops and follow-up meetings with the client business and
IT teams Coordinate with business on specifying rules required to cleanse, standardize
existing legacy Master data to meet universal standards using Industry proven unique
Cleansing Methodology.

+ Invelved in Designing, Developing and Maintaining Universe by defining joins, and
cardinalities between tables.

+ Applied contexts or created allases ta address cycle dependencies issue,

+ Created complex Webl and full cllent reports (used multiple data providers, Sub Queries,
Master/Detail, cross tab, Charts) which Includes special field, user variables and cornplex
calculations using report level contexts (In context &arnp; Out Context) Leveraged the use of
indexed and primary key columns Inthe where clause of the report to improve the
performance of the query.

+ This is Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lines