Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

Website : www, qwikresume, com

SAP ABAP Consultant LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Over 10 Years of experience with in various SAP projects for MNCs across the globe in various
domains which mainly include HR, SRM, MM, SD, PM, CS repair and FICO. Experience of Leading,
Handing &amp; working in onsite and offshore model. Excellent communication skills and having

good experience in requirement gathering, analysis, design, development testing &amp;
finplerneriexioe of SAP business applications,

SKILLS

ERP Systems SRM Server SAP R/3 ECC 6,0, ECC 5.0, ECC 4.6 SRM 7,0, SRM 7,1 Environments
ABAP, HR-ABAP, Screen Programming, SAP Script, Srnartforms, Adobe Forms, Webdynpro,
Operating Systerns Windows XP, Vista, 7 Database Oracle, SOL Computer MS Office, Word, Excel,
Power Point Ticketing &amp; Testing Tools Remedy, Serena Team Track, SDE, HPOC

WORK EXPERIENCE

SAP ABAP Consultant
Zimmer, Inc - June 2010 - Present

* Project title Zimmer SRM implementation Gamp; AMS (application maintenance Samp;
support),

* Involving in requirernent gathering from business, estimation, development &amp; creation of
frice documents and review of various development objects.
Working as SAP technical consultant during SAP-SRM implementation at Zimmer for SRM 7,01
implementations,
Supporting the SAP-SRM as tech lead and dealt with all SRM post go-live issues during
support,
Successful implementation of SAP-HR to SRM integration for organization structure replication
using [Docs and change pointers.
Working with various clients to capture the requirements and suggest suitable sap solution
after analyzing the requirements,
Supporting all Zimmer Nam sap application landscapes which mainly include SAP-HR, SRM,
GMS, CS, X! and BI,

SAP ABAP Consultant
ABC Corp - 2008 - 2010

Planned for knowledge enrichment, change management and quality management,
* Conducted estimation of time utilization of different resources and activities.
Understood the requirernents from clients/ functional consultants,
* Participated in the client calls and seeked clarifications.
« Understood various functional and non functional requirements.
Broke down the requirements into smaller modules.
Allocated the modules to developers for coding,

EDUCATION

Bachelor Of Engineering in information Technology - june 2005(Manikaya Lal Verma Textile
Bamp; Engineering College - Bhilwara, Rajasthan )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of QWikresume.com. Usage Guidelines