SAP*® Certified

Associate

Sagar Mantri

Contact : +91 9130406459 E-Mail : sagar.b.manti@gmail.com
JOB OBJECTIVE

Seeking a challenging and rewarding career in SAP as UI5, Fion & ABAP consultant where I can contribute
my knowledge and skills for growth and development of the organization and to be able to implement
solutions that meet the customer requirements using my variety of software development skills and technical
expertise.

PROFILE SUMMARY

© 6.7 years ofrelevant expenence in SAPUIS, Fion & ABAP Consultant with different types of SAP
projects like Implementation, upgrade, maintenance and Support for reputed clients into different
business sectors.

e SAP Certified Development Associate- ABAP with SAP NetWeaver 7.40

e Presently associated with TCS Ltd., Pune as SAP ABAP Consultant

e Expertise in SAPUI5, SAP FIORI, OData HTML5, CSS3, JavaScnpt, Workflow, Data Dictionary,

classical/interactive Reports, Menu Painter, Screen Painter, Module Pool Programming, SAP Script,

Smartforms, BDCs, BAPI, RFC, ALE/IDOCS and all enhancements techniques and Performance Tools.

Custom Apps Development using UI5, JavaScnpt, JQuery and MVC frameworks on SAP Web IDE.

Expertise in Integrating Gateway OData/JSON services with UIS Apps.

Customization and extension of Fion Apps using SAP Web IDE and Eclipse.

Expertise in configuring the standard Fion Application, redefining the existing OData services and

enhancing the Fion Apps according to client requirement

Expertise in implementing Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Enhancements, Forms and Workflows.

Expertise in extending OData services and customizing/Extending the standard Fion Apps.

Expenence with Performance Analysis, Performance tuning, Debugging.

Strong expenence in Performance Tuning and Optimization of ABAP programs using SQL Trace,

Performance Analysis and Runtime Analysis.

e Effective in executing multiple tasks and assignments ahead of schedule and under budget Capable of
working independently with minimum direction

e Proficient & expertise in gathenng requirements and developing Technical Design.

e Possesses strong analytical, problem solving, diplomatic, communication and client facing skills.

e Ability to learn quickly and take up new tasks and responsibilities.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Project Management

© Mapping client's requirements and providing them best solutions involving evaluation and definition of
the scope of the project and finalisation of the project requirements.

e Onshore — offshore co-ordination from onsite location with handling vanous development activities.

Software Development

e Handling complete software development life cycle involving project planning, estimation, tracking and
delivery

e Participating in design reviews to ensure integnty of the solution; providing SLA and costs for existing
solution(s) prior to Business Case/Proposal Development

e Delivering and implementing the project as per scheduled deadlines and extending post-mplementation and
maintenance support

TECHNICAL SKILLS: