AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Functionality testing

Data migration

System configuration
Profitability analysis
Solution Integration
Applications maintenance

Project methodologies

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Curry
Dayjob Ltd

The Big Peg
Birmingham

B18 6NF

T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E. info(@idayjod.com

Driving license: Yes
Nationality: British

Maxine Curry
Sap Fico Consultant

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A client focused and results driven SAP FICO consultant who is an expert at finding
cteative solutions to complex problems. Maxine has a ‘can do’ attimde & relishes new,
technical and creative challenges. One of her key strengths is her ability to translate
between technical and business language On a personal level, she is very loyal to the
people she works with and is always ready to back up staff and lets them know exactly
what they can expect from her. Right now, she would like to join a company where she
will gain exposure to a wide range of interesting and challenzing client projects .

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company name — Location
SAP FICO CONSULTANT Jun 2013 — Present

Responsible for analyzing complex SAP business problems and then developing solutions
+ Developing technical specifications for SAP custom modules & interface programs.
» Configuring SAP FICO systems so that they meet a client business requirements.

* Designing SAP solutions m accordance with a customers’ requests and needs.

+ Successfully integrating SAP activities with a company’s other IT departments.

+ Interfacing between the SAP IT team and key users during the SAP rollout.

+ Working effectively with support organisations in pursuit of problem resolution.

+ Producing clearly defined acceptance tests for automated systems.

+ Working as a team members and also independently with little or no supervision.

+ Integrating SAP technology into a client's existing busimess environment.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 —Jum 2013)

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (i.e. Aug 2011 —Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Knowledge of the latest SAP best practices and SAP implementation techniques.

+ Skilled in SAP related user support, roubleshooting, error resolution and team work.

+ Supporting teams, Business Process Mamagers and end users in SAP related mutters.

+ Identifying problems by gettmg to the root cause of the issue that’s causing them.
other alternatives.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton Universi 2008 - 2011
BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008
A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
REFERENCES — Available on request.