Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Sap Abap Developer Website : www, qwikresure,com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

an experienced SAP technical Consultant with 9 years of software development as SAP ABAP /CRM
Technical Consultant, During this period, involved in multiple phases of SAP lifecycle process such
as Implementation, Support, upgrade and enhancernent projects. Good Experience on SAP ABAP -
Data dictionary objects, Classical Reports, ALV Reports, Forms (Scripts and Smart forms), User
exists, BADI 'S, BAPI'S , CAMS, Function modules , Pricing Routines , Data Migration Techniques -
LSMW (Legacy systems migration workbench) & BDC (Batch Data Cormmunication),Module pool
programming, RFC'S ,Enhancernent framework, IDOC'S and Object Oriented ABAP,

SKILLS

SAP ABAP, SAP Workflow, SAP WebDynpro, SAP ALE/EDIL.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Sap Abap Developer
ABC Corporation - April 2021 - Decernber 2013

.

Worked on enhancernents and developments, by getting requirernents directly from the
business users, and designing the Technical specifications,

Worked on reports, BAPIs, ALE, |DOCs, Interfaces, Conversions, BDC, LSMW, SAP Script/SAP
Smart forms and User exits Coordinated with basis team regarding OSS, Support Packs and
Transport managernerit,

Expertised in Performance techniques STO5, ST12, SE30 and SAT,

Created clear technical docurnents with all the logic and methodologies used,

Knowledged transfer to the client&rsquo;s IT tearm.

Optimized the code using Perforrnance Analysis tools,

Responsible for creating and maintaining sap security roles and users ina sox environment
using saps.

Sap Abap Developer
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2011

.

Client Description SPP Purnps and systems are Installed in all continents providing valuable
high integrity services for diverse industries, such as oll and gas production, water and waste
water treatment, power generation, construction, mines and for large industrial plants.

It is no wonder that since SPP Fire was formed |n 1875, it has built a reputation for quality and
value that has made it unquestionably the leading supplier of Approved Fire Protection
Purnping Packages throughout the World.

Roles and Responsibilities Analyzing the Functional Inputs and development of Technical
specification documents for the developments assigned.

Object developrnent and review of the development requests assigned,

Interacting with functional tearn to resolve the issues in the given objects.

Designed the Unit test cases and done testing for other objects developed by the tearn,
Resolving the tickets and Defects,

EDUCATION
MS In IT Management - August 2013(University Of Texas At Dallas - Dallas, TX)

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings