ROBERT SMITH
Senior SAP ABAP Consultant

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

8 year of experience as an SAP ABAP developer, proficient in interacting with functional
consultants to identify information need, requirement and initiate process change.
Experience in gathering functional requirements and analysis, mapping business
requirements to SAP technical environment, development testing and delivery and go live
and supporting.

CORE COMPETENCIES

SAP ABAP, SAP ABAP HR, SAP CRM Technical. SAP SRM Technical. SAP BPC Technical.
SAP BW, SAP MDM Technical.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior SAP ABAP Consultant
ABC Corp - 2012 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Customizing the development and support for HCM application, PDR, 180,
workflow HCrm torms and process.

* Looking after the requirement sttcy. analysis. designing, development. testing
and implementation,

« Distributing the technical work among the team and guide the entire team to
achieve the customer requirement in a given timeline.

* Involving in all customized development and support related ta HCM, forms; and
process, workflow report, intertace and report

* Customizing the development and support for ESS/MSS application change and
support workflow for each HCM process. BAD! implementation according to
customer requirement adobe form, worlcflow, HEM report, interfaces,

* Involving in all customized development and support related to miss/ess forms
process. workflow report, interface and report,

* Customizing the development and enhancemetits tor case creation of VAT, ST.
LBT. ET registration.

SAP Setution Consultant
ABC Corp - 2010-2012

Key Deliverables:
* My cole leading the technical team and also involved in all customized
development
* Responsible for the requirements gathering for a project.
* Consistently applied a logical and analytical thought process to assigned tasles.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ls the copyright of Qwvikresurie.com, Usage Guidelines