Junior SQL BI Developer Phane: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Junior SQL BI Developer with more than two years of experience in end-to-end implementation of
Data warchousiimg projects including Modeling, Database design, development ami administration
of applications with Microsoft SQL Server || Hands-on experience in complex Stored Procedures,
effective functions, Constraints, Querying. Joins, Keys, Indexes and appropriate Triggers to assist
efficient data manipulation and data consistency.

Skills

TSQL, SQL, PL/SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI, Excel, Testing, Requirements Gathering

Work Experience

Junior SQL BI Developer
ABC Corporation - July 2010 - December 2011

Designed and developed SSIS Packages to import and export data from MS Excel, SQL Server ||
and Flat files Create joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.
Responsible for Creating and Modifying T-SQL stored procedures/ triggers for validating the
integrity of the data.

Created indexed views, and appropriate indexes to reduce the running time for complex
queries.

Involved in the installation and configuration of SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008 and SQL
Server 2012 with the latest Service Packs,

Enhancing performance using optimization techniques-normalization|2nf), indexing and
Transaction Isolation levels, monitoring logs to ensure the completeness of batch processes,
scripts, and processes.

Created Linked Servers Lo connect OLE DB data sources and providers Participated in
designing a data warehouse to store all information from OLTP to Staging and Staging to
Enterprise Data warehouse to do better analysis,

Used basie Script Task for renaming the file names, storing Row Count Values into User
Variables.

SQL BI Developer

ABC Corporation - November 2008 - June 2010

Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008.

Performance Monitor to track the size of the SQL Server database transaction logs and sect up
alerts to notify the server before the transaction log files, thus averting problems thal might
otherwise seriously allect users and applications,

Created Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, clicnt-specific Views for the Application.
Extensive testing on the Performance of the Stored Procedures.

Optimized SQL queries for efficiency and provided queries and procedures for the front-end
application.

Imported and exported data to and from various heterogeneous sources using various
techniques like BCP, DTS.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current rale,

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines