ROBERT SMITH
Junior Sql Server Developer/Analyst

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com Phome: (0123)456-789

SL NIMARY

Highly qualified Junior Sql Server Developer with experience in the industry. Enjoy creative problem
solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and would excel in the collaborative environment on
which company prides itself.

ShILLS

Management, Organizing.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Junior Sqi Server Developer/ Analyst
ABC Corpomtion - September 2006 — September 2008

Implemented of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as u part of Seeurity Policies for
various caterories of users,

Rebuilt / Monitored the indexes ut regular intervals for better performance.

Recovered the databases fram backup in disasters;

Implemented Point-In-Time Recovery solutions,

Performed SQL Server service pack and Windows Service pack upgrades,

Extensively worked on Enterprise Manager for managing the database,

Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.

Junior Sqi Server Developer
Delta Corpomtion ~ 2003 — 2006

® Design, create, maintain und manage Enterprise Data Warehouses (EDW), data marts, Operational
Data Stores (ODS) Extmet Transform Load (ETL) solutions, XML, indexes, T-SQL and data
ouinipulation senpts, stored procedures, views, functions, reports and farms.
Apply DoD data standards to all software applications and database data elements, ensuring logical
data models are fully att buted, normalized, and included in a data dictionary.
Create data dictionanes for all datahase efforts that include the following information for each
functional data element the logical datu element nume, its definition that describes the meaning und
the cantext of the datu element in the system, the domain of the data element (the allowable values},
the data type, length; and unit of measure,
Assist in developing SOP Enterprise metadata standards and document all meta tags, where
applicable, in an XML Schema (XSD file) and post to the Metadata Registry after being vetted
through a configumtion management process.
Provide consulting services and technical support for database creation, modification, testing,
administmition, monitonng, tuning, backup, and recovery.
Ensure maximum use of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server reparting Services
(SSRS) for the integration and deli very of information.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines