SQL BI Developer/Consultant Panis 24) 49678 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Highly qualified SQL BI Developer/Consultant with over 3 plus years of experience in
implementing end-to-end BI solutions using the Microsoft BI Stack (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, and Tableau)
within several Industries viz. Manufacturing, Health, Service, and Insurance. Involved in gathering
business requirements from clients through Joint Requirernent Development sessions for
functional and non-functional requirernents,

Skills

Business Intelligence, Sql Server, Ms Access, SSIS, SSRS, SSIS, C++, Java, HTML, CSS, PHP, SQL,
TSal.

Work Experience

SQL BI! Developer/Consultant
ABC Corporation - Septernber 2013 - April 2014

Gathered business requirements as an endeavor that will facilitate the planning and
Implementation phase of a data warehouse for reporting.

Conducted JAD sessions with different Auditors, Business Users to capture and docurnent the
BRD and transform the relevant /approved BRD into SRS and FRS.

Developed and created logical and physical database architecture using Erwin,

Created stored procedures for auditing purposes as well as triggers for data consistency
checks,

Dramatically increased query performance, necessary for statistical reporting after
monitoring, tuning, and optimizing indexes by Using Performance Monitor, Profiler, and Index
tuning wizard.

Examined and evaluated the data structures inthe source and destination databases/staging
Tables.

Developed complex mappings using SSIS to transform and load the data from various source
systerns like Oracle into the SQL 2008R2/2012 Server target staging database.

SOL BI Developer
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2013

Created new tables, written stored procedures for Application Developers and sare user-
defined functions.

Created SOL scripts for tuning and scheduling. Performed data conversions frorn flat files into
a normalized database structure.

Handling Users/Logins/User Rights Creation/Deletion of Linked Servers Managing historical
data from various heterogeneous data sources (|.e. Excel, Access)

Engage in detalled and advanced requirements gathering for Bl projects and staternents of
work

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
This is Durmmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
This ls Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines