Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,

PL/SQL Developer (123)-856-7809

info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
Oracle PL/SQL Developer with over 8 years of experience in the field of SKILLS
software development Experience in Perl, Oracle and Unix Expertise in Microsoft Project, MS
financial Industries based applications Including trading systems. Excellent Excel, MS Access, T-SQL,

database knowledge on RDBMS like Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL Solid experience in SSIS, SSRS, MS Visio,
Perl programming using with JavaScript and Html. Experience in Oracle SOL Unix Shell M rl Scri
queries and PL/SQL scripts, procedures, functions, triggers and packages nix: Shell/Pert Seript
and query optimization.

WORK EXPERIENCE LANGUAGES
English (Native)
PL/SQL Developer French (Professional)
Jpmorgan Chase - July 2013 - Present Spanish (Professional)
Responsibilities:
* Involving in database development by creating Oracle PL/SQL functions,
procedures, triggers, packages, records, and collections. INTERESTS
« Creating database objects like SQL queries, tables, joins stored Climbing
procedures using Oracte utilities like PL/SQL, SQL plus, SQL server. coi
* Involving in performance tuning for complex SQL queries using explain Reading

plan tables, collections, and table partitions to optimize performance.
= Generating SQL and PL/SQL scripts to create and drop database objects

Including tables, views, primary keys, indexes, constraints, packaaes, REFERENCES
sequences, grants, and synonyms. — ; ;
« Involving in application enhancements according to user requirements, Reference - 1 (Company
* Building physical data structures like tables, views, constraints &amp; pty - 2(Company
indexes, Narne)

= Working with SOL loader and control files to load the data in different
schema tables.

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp- 2010 - 2013
Re sponsibilities:
= Conducted database administrative work to support the production
system
* Provided support for QA and Development systerns.
= Identified opportunities to fine-tune and optimize database systems.
= Designed, coded, and tested the technical solutions.
= Identified the systern deficiencies and recornmending solutions.
= Met aggressive development deadlines and schedules,
= Worked assignments to members of the tearm, and monitoring their
workload.

Education

Master Of Computer Application - 2009 (Maharshi Dayanand
University )Bachelor Of Science - (Maharshi Dayanand University )

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Guidelines