ROBERT SMITH
Oracle PL/SQL Developer

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Omecle PL/SQL Developer having 10 years of programming experience, us a Sr. Oracle SQL, PL/SQL and
ETL Developerin Analysis, Design, and Implementation of Business Applications using the Oracle
Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). Experience in Data Migration across various databases
as well us within the sume database across different systems, Well-versed in different stages of the Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

Oracle 11G, Oniwle PLY SQL, UNIX Shell Script. SQL Develaper, Toad, Omecle Developer, IBM Rutianal,
Agile & Watertal |, PowerBuilder

WORK FAPERIENG)

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2010 - January 2018

Created datahase objects like bles, views, sequences, synonyms, indexes using Oracle tools like
SQL PLus, SQL developer, und toad.

Enforced data integrity using integrity constraint and database triggers.

Proficient in advance features of Oracle I lg for PL/SQL programming like using records and
collections, bulk bind, ref. Cursors, nested tables, and dynamic SQL.

Created purtitioned tables and purtitioned indexes to improve the performance of the applications.
Experience with performance tuning for Onele RDBMS using explain plan and hints,

Intenicted with web development team to develop in tandem back-end solutions with front-end web
executions:

Executed Quality Control checks of source code created by other developers.

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2008-2010

Created and maintained technical documentation, proosss flows, etc.

Created und Maintained Seed Data creation seripts.

Provided technical expertise and mcammendations while assisting fellow team members, either of
development or testing.

Troubleshoot technical issues and identified modifications needed in existing applications to meet
changing user requirements.

Purticipated in Business Requirement discussions, identified system impacts, and designed
solutions.

Delivered projects on time and within budget with quality.

Ensured that the projects meet the customer expectations as measured by scarecands.

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines