Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (jpfo@qwikresurme,com

Website : www, qwikresume, com

SQL Server Developer LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

SQL Server Developer with over 4 plus years of experience In Design, Development & Analysis of
SQL Server and SQL Server Business Intelligence Tools (BIDS) - SSIS, SSRS, and SSAS, Experience
with Installing, Configuring, Managing, Upgrading, Migrating, Monitoring and Troubleshooting SQL
Server Development and Administration experience in Database Design and Implementation of
OLTP and OLAP environment using SOL server.

SKILLS

Relational Databases SOL Server Oracle MS Access, MS Excel, DB2, Sybase, Tools And Packages
SQL Server Management Studio, Enterprise Manager, Profiler, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Erwin, DTS.

WORK EXPERIENCE

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - January 2016 - Present

* Designing and implementing the snapshots report, report subscription, data-driven
subscription and report caching using report manager.

* Generating SSRS reports which included various reporting features such as groups, sub-
groups, adjacent-groups, group by total, group by sub-totals, grand-totals, drill-downs, drill
through, sub-reports, navigation reports,

Creating parameterized reports like standard parameter reports, cascading parameter reports
which consist of report criteria in various reports to make minimize the report execution time
and to limit the no of records required.

* Creating the linked reports, ad-hoc reports based on the requirement, Linked reports are
created in the report server to reduce the repetition in the reports.

Creating the subscriptions to provide reports on a daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly and annual

basis.
Creating stored procedures to validate the data coming with different data discrepancies

using data conversions.
Creating sub-reports, bar chart, matrix reports, parameterized reports, cross-tab reports, drill

down reports &amp; summary reports for newly created markets.

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - 2014 - 2016

Successfully deployed reports in various sources like XML, web browser and pdf.

* Designed and developed the micro-strategy schema objects like attributes, facts, and
hierarchies using micro strategy architect,

» Extensively worked in developing metrics, derived metrics, compound metrics and filters for
complex reports,

» Created logical views In micro-strateagy for conmmplex report creation scenarios.
Designed and coded the database tables to store application data,

* Worked with application developers to create optimized stored procedures,

« Identified and created the indexes to improve database performance,

EDUCATION
Bachelor Of Technology in Computer Science &amp; Engineering - 2013 (University Of Kerala )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines