Robert Smith

Senior SQL Server / BI Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Senior SQL Server / BI Developer with over 6+ years of strong experience in
the Manufacturing domain as a SQL Server Developer (SSIS, SSRS), Tableau
Desktop and Server with sound business analysis skills. Good knowledge in
all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Good knowledge in
Designing, Building Dimensions, Cubes with Star Scherma and Show-Flake
Schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS),

WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior SQL Server / BI Developer

Atrium Corporation -

May 2015 - Present

Responsibilities;

Developing SQL programs and stored procedures as required for the ETL
processes and data integration activities.

Building and maintaining SQL scripts, indexes and complex queries for
data analysis,

Planned, designed and implemented application database code objects,
such as stored procedures, functions and views.

Creating complex SQL scripts using joins (inner and outer), CTE and
derived table.

Working on functional design, system analysis, the gathering of user
requirements and maintaining good docurnentation,

Extensively using joins, stored procedures and sub-queries to sirnplify
complex queries involving multiple tables,

Experience on normalization and de-normalization of existing tables for
faster query retrieval,

SQL Server BI Developer

ABC Corp -

2012 - 2015

Responsibilities:

Made the package dynamic by creating project parameters and passing
into the expression on visual studio 2010.

Worked on file system task to rename the source files once it has been
loaded into tables,

Interacted with business analyst, subject matter experts and
stakeholders to understand their needs and provide solutions by writing
SQL objects.

Developed SSIS packages using SOL Azure database and used SQL
Azure database to connect to Power Bi,

Maintained the historical data in data warehouse used ETL to implement
the slowly changing transformation.

Created ETL SSIS packages both design and code to process data to
target databases.

Created SSIS package to export and import data From SQL server to text
and excel files and configured SOL mail agent for sending automatic
emails.

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
MS SQL Server Access,

SQL Profiler, Excel, Wore

LANGUAGES
English (Native)

French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

NTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)