Oracle PL/SQL Develop er Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Oracle PL/SQL Developer with over 2 years of prograrnming experience as an Oracle PL/SQL
Developer in Analysis, Design, and Implernentation of Business Applications using the Oracle
Relational Database Management Systern (RDBMS), Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software
Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, Implementation, and
maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.

Skills

Cracle 10q/1ig (SQL, PL'SQL, Stored Procedures, Triggers), MS SQL SERVER DB2, Teradata, MS
Access, ETL Tools; Informatica (Power Center AB Initio And SQLLoader.

Work Experience

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
Discover Financial Services - january 2014 - June 2015

Invelving inthe full development cycle of PLanning, analysis, design, development, testing,
and implernentation.

* Designing logical and physical data models for star and snowflake schemas using Erwin.

* Created and modified SQL PLus, PL/SQL and SQL Loader scripts for data conversions.

* Developed and modified triggers, packages, functions and stored procedures for data
ronnie and PL/SQL procedures to create database objects dynarnically based on user
nputs.
Wrote SOL, PL/SQL, SOL PLUs programs required to retrieve data using cursors and exception
handling,
Crain Indexes on tables to Improve the perforrnance by eliminating the full table scans and
views for hiding the actual tables and to eliminate the complexity of the large queries.
Coordinating with the front-end design tear to provide thern with the necessary stored
procedures and packages and the necessary insight into the data,

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2013 - 2014

* Involved inthe continuous enhancements and fixing of production problerns.

» Generated serverside PL/SQL scripts for data rnanipulation and validation and materialized
views for remote instances.

* Developed PL/SOL triggers and master tables for autornatic creation of primary keys.

* Completed application coding assignments that meet provided technical specifications and
end-user requirements,

* Participated im the design process that generates application functional and technical
specifications.

* Documented the application design specifications and implementation procedures to improve
application quality and reuse of code,

* Assisted inthe creation of unit, integration, function, and performance test scripts to improve
application quality and ensure fulfillment of requirernents.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines