ROBERT SMITH
SQL Server BI Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SQL Server BI Developer with over 7+ years of experience in the Healthcare domain, with
experience in Database Design, Development and Implementation of SQLSERVER and
providing ETL/ Business Intelligence applications using Microsoft components.
Effectively involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle such as
Analysis, Design, Development, Testing. Implementation, and Maintenance of projects,

CORE COMPETENCIES

SQL Server Tools: BIDS, Enterprise Manager, DTS. Profiler, UTA. Upgrade Advisor. ETL
& Reporting Tools: SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, ProClarity,
Databases: MS-SQL Server MS Access.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SQL Server BI Developer
4front Healthcare Of Atlanta - February 2013 ~ Present

Key Deliverables:

* Experience in working with business analyst in order to gather requirements for
design and implementation of the database.

* Optimizing the performance of queries with modifications in TSQL queries,
removing unnecessary columns. and eliminating the redundant and inconsistent
data.

* Creating the data model enhancements and design tor a different location,
supplier, and HR systems to consolidate and provide a single interface to any
downstream consuming system.

* Designing and developing SSIS ETL packages to validate. extract. transform and
load data. from OLTP systenus to the data warehouse

* Integrating the ETL (batch processing) as well as reol time processes using web
services that were both subseribed and fed as information into the database.

« Experience in creating tables, views, complex stored procedures to facilitate
efficient data manipulation, data integrity, and other TSQL (DDL. DML)
statements for various applications,

* Experience in creating packages. jobs and experience in migration of data from
excel, Hat file, Gracle ta MS SOL server,

SQL Server BI Developer
ABC Corp - 2011 - 2013

Key Deliverables:
* Created SSIS packages for dynamic ETL flow to validate, extract, transform and
load data into the data warehouse using aggregate, sort, multicasting, lockup,
fuzzy loolcirp, derived column, conditional split to perform data scrubbing,

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutie.com, Usage Guidelines