Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Junior Sql Server Developer eisai Viadeseweiiecien cers

ROBERT SMITH eee enna inked

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

8+ years of experience in Information Technology, Experience in requirement analysis, coding and

testing various modules in a SDLC using Microsoft Technologies. Core cornmpetence in Data

Warehousing & Business Intelligence Application Development 6 years of experience in systerns

prt design and development of cornplex ETL systerns In Retail sales area of the Mortgage
jormain.

Skills

Management, Organizing.
Work Experience

Junior Sql Server Developer
ABC Corporation - August 2007 - January 2010

* Works with support personnel, developers and software designers In designing, developing,
and troubleshooting new and existing software programs and applications,

* Corrmnunicates with support personnel, developers and IT to assist in resolving issues with
software applications,

* Defines, develops, and docurnents the application&rsquo;s business requirements, objectives,
deliverables, and specifications on a project by project basis in collaboration with internal
users and external clients.

Defines project plans, including scope, schedule, and implementation.

Writes and codes software programs and applications in accordance with business
requirements,

Designs, runs and monitors software performance tests on new and existing programms for the
purpose of correcting errors, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging,
Provides verbal and written project status reports.

Junior Sql Server Developer
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2007

Implementation of Ramco electronic app, an ERP
* It was the initiation of Johnson Controls.
» All their global manufacturing partners units had avery good transactional data base systern

for their business operations.
* Johnson Controls would like to establish the sarne with Indian partner,

* Afresh Implernentation of ERP.

+ Based Upon the business requirements the base product has been customized and the new
reports were developed as a part of Implernentation.

+ RESPONSIBILITIES Was the successful tearn player,

Education

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines