Robert Smith CONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

. al
Junior SQL Server Developer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.cor
PERSONAL STATEMENT
junior SQL Server Developer with over 3 plus years of IT Experience in SKILLS
Database Design, Development and business intelligence of Microsoft SQL SOL Server/Oracle Tools
Server in Development, Test and Production Environments. Expertise in Servi
writing T-SQL Queries using joins, Sub queries and Cursors in MS SQL ae neil patent

Server Strong hands-on experience with MS SOL Server with Business

Intelligence in SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services Business Intelligence

of and SQL Server Integration Services. Development studio,
SOL Developer, SOL
WORK EXPERIENCE Riecisinant ele
Junior SQL Server Developer (SSIS), SQL Server
Citibank - March 2016 - Present Analysis Services (SSAS),
Responsibilities: ssagyaiba® anata
» Working on various possible performance-related issues including Transformation earuities
database tuning with the sole intention of achieving faster response (DTS), Business Objects
times and better throughput. XI / XI-R2 Visio, MS SOL
* Involving in the analysis of report design requirements and actively Server, MS Access,
participating and interacting with team lead, technical manager and Oracle, T-SQL
lead business analyst to understand the business requirements.
= Migrated DTS packages frorn SOL Server 2000 to SOL server 2012 as
S5IS packages, LANGUAGES
* Experience in working on cube structure optimization for MDX query English (Native)
performance in analysis services 2008, French (Professional)
* Excellent report creation skills using Microsoft SQL server 2012/2008r2 Spanish (Professional)
reporting services (SSRS) with proficiency in using report designer as
well as report builder,
* Created SQL server reports based on the requirements using SSRS INTERESTS
2008, Climbing
= Worked on the reports module of the project as a developer on ms SQL oan
server 2012 (using SSRS, t-SOQL, scripts, stored procedures, and views), Reading

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp- 2015 - 2016 REFERENCES

Responsibilities:
* Participated in all phases of SDLC, from system analysis and design thru oo (Company
development and test to deployment and support Reference - 2 (Company
» Participated in designing and developing complex systems by writing Name)

Design Specifications description of the frarnework, interfaces, services,
reports, business components, and interaction between the components

* Created complex reports which involve a number of groupings and
multi-value parameters.

= Developed reports like claim statements, fee bills transactions and
some end request user reports on a periodic basis.

» Sound experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP and OLTP cube,
data mining, and architecture.

= Created multiple reports with drop down menu option having complex
groupings within the report,

® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines