ROBERT SMITH
SQL Server BI Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

SOL Server BI Developer committed to deliver high value to the organization, 10 years of
extensive IT Professional experience with in the Retail domain. Expertise in Database
Development, Modsling, Data Warehousing, Design and project management. Ability to
comprehend and develop projects that align with program and organizational vision. Adept at
instituting procedures and initiating solutions to specifications that save tims, reduce costs, and
eliminate redundancias.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Database, MICROSOFT SSRS, MS SQL Server, SQL, SQL Server

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SQL Server BI Developer
Dress Barn Inc - January 2014 — Present

Key Deliverables:

« The project involves developing a BI solution for strategic analysis by sales, marketing, and
pricing.

« Providing marketing and campaign management capability, an ability to maasure
ettectiveness across all products and provide single data set for analysis and tracking of
rasults to the management,

« Responsibls for analyzing business requirements and defining sales and marketing CRM
system specifications.

* Supporting tho business and technical professionals in process improvernent, technical
designs, and quality assurance.

« Building tho CRM sales and marketing application reporting structures using SSAS, SSAS,
SSIS, TSQL and SOL server,

« Responsibilities also Include enhancements of the CRM tallored to meet Dressbarns needs
while administering day to day activities for supporting the sales and marketing CAM
activities.

« Writing high-level test plans and test cases based on the basaline requirements,

SQL Server BI Developer
ABC Corp - 2008 — 2014

Key Deliverables:
« Provided support for the client applications and solved client issues.
= Used various SSIS event handlers In SSIS packages to capture the events such as pre-
executs, post-execute for initializing settings related to the task. and used error event
handler to log the custom errors and sent amail notifications as alerts using snd ernall
task to the application development team and production support teams.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge. New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines