SQL Server Developer Fpene sae) S00, co ae

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwikresume.com
ROBERT SMITH £iieeeics set cern feqetfentatee

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

SQL Server Developer with 12 plus years of experience in the Retall domain, Hands on Experience
in installing, configuring, managing, monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server Expert in
Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS), and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS }

Skills

Database: SQL Server Oracle 10g, Sybase Technologies: SQL Server Management Studio, SSIS,
SSAS. SSRS, Profiler, BI Express, Database Tuning Advisor, MS Office, Excel, MS Project, Oracle
SQL Developer Tool. Version Control Tools: MS Visual Source Safe (VSS), Source Version Control
(SVN}, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) Programming Languages: C, C++, HTML, XML
Operating Systems: Windows MS-DOS

Work Experience
SQL Server Developer

Stein Mart - March 2011 — Present

Designing and developing the SSIS packages, stored procedures, configuration files, tables,
views, Indexes.

Used SSIS to extract data from enterprise data warchouse, Oracle added multiple
transformations to transform the data and finally loaded into the DB2 database.

Using table difference, upsets, lookups, and conditional splits for finding deltas.

Used SQL Bi-Xpress for managing, auditing and notification frameworks.

Creating the SSIS jobs for monitoring the jobs that depend on datly loads and loading db2
database tables using SQL server agent_

Automating tasks using active x script [similar to VB Seript). Be able to tmplement failure
alerts using email in SSIS.

Involving in object-ortented design (UML, activity diagrams, use cases, and object modeling}.

SQL Server Developer

ABC Corp - 2006 - 2011

.

Developed transact-SQL (t-SQL) queries, stored procedures, triggers. user-defined functions
(UDF), views, tndexes, and user-defined data types strictly following the data Integrity using
constraints, rules, and default.

Createcdl Windows logins and privileges to user accounts/groups and objects.

Developed CTEs, constraints, and complex queries to fetch the data from diflerent servers.
Worked with project stakeholders to understand business requirements and initiatives.
Developed processes based on technical specifications and development standards.
Performed untt testing on all development.

Monttored the job periornmances to ensure processes run according to schedule. Troubleshoot
and resolved the issues as needed.

Education

© This Pree Resume Template ts the eapyright of Qwilcresumecom. Usage Guidelines