ROBERT SMITH
SQL Developer (SSIS)

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

$+ years of expenence in Data warehousing and Business Intelligence technologies along with 4 years af
data visualization using Tableau Desktop. Expertise in data cleansing for analysis, perform data quality
testing for gaps, and liaising with data origination teams.

ShILLS

MS Visual Studio 2008, BITS, SQL Server 2008R2, Windows 2000/XP, XP professional, PPS, Erwin 4.0),
ETL, XML, Visual Studio 2010.

WORK EXPERTENCE

SOL Developer (SSIS)
ABC Corponition - March 2008 -— September 2010

Responsibilities Intemected with the Business Users and Supervisors to guther business requirements.
Conyerted the User Requirements into Business Requirements Document, Functional and Technical
Requirements Documents Created Business Process Models from the requirement specifications.
Worked on developing Tables, Views, Indexes, Stored Pmecedures, Taggers, Queries, and Macros
using MS SQL Server 205, and MS Access dutuhases Invalved in Partitioning tables that have bulk
inserts, deletes and updates to improve the performance.

Extracted data trom xml and flat files using SSIS Genemted punimeterized/Drilldown, Drill through
&amp; Cascaded reports using SSRS.

Created, maintained, moditied, and optimized SQL Server databases, datahase security and auditing
Designed, progmmmed, deployed and tested the requested Reports,

Designed ER diagrams (Physical and Logical using Erwin) und mapping the data into database
objects.

Developed Duta Flow Diagrams, illustrating the flow of data from the legacy systems into the
Application dutwhase Tables, alang with checkpoints for testing verification.

SQL Developer
ABC Corpomtion - 2006-2008

Dr.

Reddys is a global, vertically integrated pharmaceutical company with a presence acmss the valve
chain and active pharmaceutical ingredients amd biological products The project involved
computerizing Payroll Activities and production cantrl activities of Dr,

Recklys.

ht is capable of generating monthly income statements of all emplayees-

i is maintuining the database of entire industry staff and generating reports over each issue.
Participated in collecting all the requirements for building the database Created and designed
required tables, indexes and constraints for all production activities Responsible tor Data Modeling

© This Eres Resumes: Tomplats » the copyright of Qwikreimecom, [sags Guldsfines