Senior SQL Server Developer PGES 125) 338 FEBe

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH mn

linkedin.conyqwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,

Objective

Senior SQL Server Developer with 10 plus years of experience in professional application and
database development with thorough knowledge of different phases of software development
lifecycle including analysis, design, development, documentation, deployment and system
Support. Experience in designing of the database in SOL Server 2012, 2008, 2005 and 2000.
Hands on experience in writing T-SQL queries, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDF),
Cursors, Derived Tables, Views, and Triggers.

Skills

SSIS/SQL 2005/2008 R2, ActiveBatch V9, ERWIN 8 Data Modeling Tool, XML Schema, FTP,BIDS,
Visual Studio2010,

Work Experience

Senior SQL Server Developer
Silkroad Technologies - December 2009 - Present

* Working with client/business analysts to define data requirernents for enterprise analytical
reporting needs.

* Designing and developing the automated routines (scripts etc,) to facilitate the application
development and deployment process,

* Maintaining DB schema and code change management using TFS and Redgates SOL cornpare.
Maintaining the product application data which Is critical in product lifecyde and efficiently
implementing the data migration in each release.

Implementing the heartbeat product role-based security which defines access to each
individual functionality based on their role-based permissions.

Involving in database design, application development of health benefits functionality and
developed mission-critical benefits eligibility exception report.

Developing SOL routines for complex, enterprisetevel application development tasks
involving hierarchical tree structures.

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - 2008 - 2009

Prototyped the ETL solution using SQL server 2008 R2 Change Data Capture (CDC),
Designed and implemented a trigger based historical data change capture audit mechanism,

* Developed complex stored procs which consumes and exports data in XML to support
Payroll/benefits data exchange,

* Designed and implemented data marts using dimensional modeling for cients KPI reporting
requirements,

* Designed ETL SSIS packages to load data Into the data warehouse on daily basis to perform
the incremental historical data load from source to staging environment and into the
enterprise data warehouse.

* Partnered with the business to determine end user database/reporting needs and
requirements,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines