ROBERT SMITH
SQL Server Developer I

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SQL Server Developer I with 11 years of experience in the Healthcare domain. Strong,
experience in Design, Development and business intelligence of Microsoft SQL Server
with various business domains. Experience in creating the database, tables. indexes,
stored procedures. views, triggers, T-SQL, SSIS using MS SQL Server Exceptional hands-
on working knowledge with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS).

CORE COMPETENCIES

SSRS, Data Warehouse. Microsoft SQL Server, SSIS, Database, T-SQL, Procedures,
Reporting, Business Requirements, Transformation, Data Flow. SQL, Microsoft Access,
Microsott Excel. ETL. Flat File. Oracle. Strategy Development. Pl/SQL

SQL Server Developer I
Inovaion Health Care - April 2014 - Present
Key Deliverables:

* Creating the SSIS packages to load the data into SQL table using lookup
transformation, conditional split. data conversion. derived column, join. merge
join, slowly changing dimension

* Extensively working on data flow tasies like for each loop container, execute
process task. transfer SQL server objects task, transfer jabs task. transter logins

tasle.
* Working with SSIS packages involved FTP tasks, fuzzy grouping, merge and merge
join.

= Using SQL Server package configuration technique to make dynamic
configurations.

* Generating the periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using
SQL server reporting services (SSRS).

* Involving in creating calculated members: named set, advanced KPIs for the SSAS

cubes,
* Designing cubes with star schema using SQL server analysis services 2008
[SSAS}
SQL Server Developer

ABC Corp - 2007 - 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Created on demand (pull) and event-based delivery [push] of reports according to
the requirement.
* Developed and revised program code based on clearly defined requirements.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresutie.com, Usage Guidelines