ROBERT SMITH
Sr. SQL Server Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Sr. SQL Server Developer with 6 plus of experience in the Finance domain. Experience in
Database Design, Development, and maintenance of database applications on SQL Servor in
OLTP/OLAP’BI environment. Installation and configuration of SQL Server Management Studio
2008 R2, Experience in writing complex SQL quaries involving multiple tables inner and outer
joins, Extensive experience in writing Transact-SQL (DDL/DML) queries.

CORE COMPETENCIES

MS-DOS, Unix, And Solaris Back-end Language T- SQL, PL-SQL, XML. Front-end Language C#
Wob Applications ASP.NET 2.0, SOAP, HTTP, Intemet Information Services (IIS 6.0), FTP,
TCP/IP, LAN, MS-Qutlook Express Scripts T SOL, VB, JavaScript, PHP

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. SQL Server Developer

State Farm Insurance - March 2015 — Present

Key Deliverables:

* Working on full life cycle development (SDLC) involving in all stages of devalopment.

« Creating the database objects - schemas, tables, indexes, views, user-defined functions,
cursors, triggers, stored procadura, constraints, and roles.

« Writing he stored procedures and user-defined scalar functions (UDFS) to be used in the
SSIS packages and SOL scripts.

« Extensively utilizing the jolns and sub-quoeries to streamline complex quastions including
different table

= Bullding, publishing customized Interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling
using tableau server

« Developing the tabular queries for sfficiemt analysis of rapart using pivot/unplvot in T-SOL,

« Creating and managing the clustered Indexes and non clustered Indexes and optimized
querigs using execution plan

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - 2012-2015

Key Deliverables:

« Expertise in enhancing and deploying the SSIS packages trom the development server to
production server,

« Dasigned and developsd data load jobs using SS!S package and scheduled in SOL agent.

* Migrated old data from MS Access and Excal Into SQL server 2008 using SSIS packages
In the business intelligence development studio.

« Assisted with DBA (database administration) duties to support davelopment tasks.

= Collaborate with other developars to create and implament BI best approach solution(s).

« Troubleshoot the BI tools, systems, and software.

a
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge. New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines