Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

SQL Server BI Developer ll Website : www. qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

SQL Server BI Developer Il with 16 years of experience in the Finance domain with experience in
MS SQL Server SQL Server 2012 parallel data warehouse and worked extensively on Integration
Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS) and Analysis Services (SSAS),

SKILLS

BI, BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE, DATABASE, MS SQL SERVER, SQL
WORK EXPERIENCE

SQL Server BI Developer I!
First National Bank - September 2011 - February 2018

Involved in planning, defining and designing data, based on business requirernents and
provided documentation,

Designed data mapping documents, DDL scripts, data dictionary and metadata of the models
and maintained therm,

Developed SOL Scripts, Indexes, cornplex queries for data analysis and extraction,

Writing T-SQL script, dynamic SQL, complex store procurers, function, triggers.

Created functions, stored procedures, database triggers, user-defined function,

Used SSIS and ESQL stored procedures to transfer data from source to staging area and
finally load into the data warehouse.

Created SSIS packages to extract data fromm OLTP and transformed into OLAP systems and
scheduled jobs to call the packages and stored procedures.

SQL Server BI Developer
ABC Corp - 2002 - 2011

Used various SSIS tasks such as conditional split, derived column, which was used for data
scrubbing, data validation checks during staging, before loading the data Into the data
warehouse,

Experience in creating jobs, alerts, SOL server mail agent. and schedule SSIS packages.
Worked with quest SOL compare table and the data compare between dey to test and test to
prod environment,

Created cubes to support specific analysis conducted by upper management, the cube
included few materialized views as well as fact arranged by topic.

Worked in optimizing the performance of queries with modification in T-SQL queries, stored
procedures, functions removed unnecessary colunins, eliminated redundant and inconsistent
data, normalized tables, established joins and created indexes,

Extensively performed data processes, data mappings, data dictionaries, data pulls and
reporting solutions.

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role, In
case if you dont need it you can delete it.

EDUCATION

B.Sc. in Computer Science - 2002 (Addis Ababa University )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines