ROBERT SMITH
SQL Developer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Around 7 years of professional experience in Design, Implementation & Maintenance of OLTP &
Data Warehouse systems, Data & Technical Architecture, ETL processes, Business Intelligence
and Enterprise Application Integration,

CORE COMPETENCIES

SQL, java, Business Analysis, ETL, Scrum, Waterfall, SSIS, SSRS, Databases, Excel, Quality
Control, Quality Assurance, MySOL, Project Management, Data Analysis, CRM, Salesforce,
Documentation, TFS, RDBMS.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - October 2009 - November 2010

Key Deliverables:

» Extensively involved in Gathering requirements by holding meetings with users.

» Constructed context diagrams and data-llow diagrams based on a description of a
business process.

« Analyzing the data model and identification of haterogeneous data sources.

» Constructed an extended entity relationship diagram based on a narrative description ota
business scenario.

« Created Transformations using the SOL script to modify the data belore loading Into tables:

* Installed and Configured MS SOL Server 2008,

« Migrated SOL Server 2005 data bases into SOL Server 2008.

SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2009

Key Deliverables:

« The aim of the Project isto help the departments in their underwriting process from
application through policy delivery, security, and controls, document retention which
primarily includes toading and routing the submissions.

» Responsbilities Created new database objects like Procedures, Functions; Packages,
Triggers, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for
SOL Server 2000 Actively participated in gathering of Requirement and System
Specification,

» Developed SOL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases
using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs Worked on
complex T-SOL statements, and implemented various codes and functions,

« Installed, authored, and managed reports using SOL Server 2005 Reporting Services
Wrote Transact SOL utilities to generate table insert and update statements.

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines