Robe rt Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Sql Database Developer Website : www. qwikre sume, corm

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Over 9 years of DBA experience on Data Design, Development and Administration on SOL Server
2014, 2012, SQL Server 2008 R2, 2008 and 2005 systern In OLTP/OLAP environment. Experience
in Oracle Database and Adrninistration AND Development database. Expert in RDBMS concepts

and constructs to design relational databases model and implementation as per business needs,

SKILLS

Creating database triggers for use in automation, Maintaining data quality and overseeing
database security,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sql Database Developer
ABC Corporation - March 2012 - February 2014

Installed and configured MS SQL Server and Clients.
Created and managed schema objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes, procedures,

triggers and maintained Referential Integrity.

Performed Data migration (import &amp; export BCP) frorn Text to SQL Server.

Managed Disk space, memory and User connections.

Established DR sites using lod-shipping and Wrote dynarnic stored procedures for moving

Databases from production server to DR server.
Performed query tuning and reduced response time by 60%,

Performed query plans and enforced Indexing In each and every query.

Sql Database Developer
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2012

Project Student Management System (SMS) SMS is a web based software that manages day to
day operation for schools.

Worked with T-SQL to create tables, build stored procedures, bullding and maintaining SSIS
packages, and designing ad-hoc reports for our client to manage student data and provide
capabilities for registering students, grading, tuition payments and to perform other related

tasks,

Used AGILE/SCRUM methodology to implement the application,

Developed physical data models using E-Draw and created DDL scripts to create database
schema and database objects:

Designed and implemented relational database rnanagernent systern (RDBMS) using MS SQL
Server 2008R2;

Normalized and De-normalized tables and maintained Referential Integrity by using Tagers
and Primary and Foreign Keys.

Used T-SQL scripts to create new tables, develop complex stored procedures, views, triggers
and user defined functions.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Materials Sclence - August 2011(State University of New York - Stony Brook,
NY)

OC Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Guide lings