Shelli L. Ciaschini
Shelby, NC 28152
@ (704) 692-5150

SUMMARY

Motivated and ambitious Database Developer with advanced experience using SQL Server
Management Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2005. | am capable of leading and working with a
team as well as individually. 1 have the ability to accomplish tasks under minimal supervision and
direction, Hard worker with a desire to use updated SQL skills in the field to assist with achieving
goals and objectives.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages:
Transact SQL, XML, COBOL-370, MVS/JCL, SQL, QMF, HTML, XHTML, CICS(trained)

Microsoft Technologies:
SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, Access, Word, Excel, Power Point, VB.Net

Databases:
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 2005, DB2, VSAM, TSO/ISPF, ENDEVOR, STARTOOLS, SYNCSORT

Operating Systems:
Windows 98/2000/XP, Windows Server 2003

Software:
SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office, Database Engine Tuning Advisor,
SQL Server Profiler, CoolGen 6,0 workstation, Joomla, Dreamweaver &, Flash &

SetFocus, LLC. Shelby, NC 8/08 - 11/08
ses Server Master's Program

Created numerous simple to complex queries involving self joins, correlated subqueries and
XML techniques for diverse business requirements, Tuned and optimized queries by altering
database design, analyzing different query options, and indexing strategies.

* As part of a team, analyzed the business requirements and systematically designed a
database for an online-movie (DVD/Blu- Ray) rental company. Employed best practices in
creating a complete schema including tables, relationships, stored procedures, views,
Custered and non-clustered indexes and triggers, and implemented the importation and
exportation of data using XML and SSIS.

© AS part of a team, crested various reports according to the business requirements for the
movie rental company. Individually authored, installed, deployed and managed reports
using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services for a library database.

* Individually designed a bank application according to business requirements, and
implemented robust stored procedures, functions, and triggers to implernent required
functionalities.

« Developed a backup and recovery plan based on the data availability requirements of the
library and on the potential impact of data joss on the business after considering and
analyzing the different backup and recovery strategies.

* Designed database maintenance plans to set up core maintenance tasks to moeke sure thot
the database performs well, is regularly backed up in case of system failure and is checked
for inconsistencies.

* Employed the Database Engine Tuning Advisor to analyze the performance effects of
workloads and implemented its recommendations wherever appropriate.

* Used the SOL Server Profiter too! to monitor the performance of SQL Server - particularly to
analyze the performance of the stored procedures.

« Analyzed different high availability solutions and implemented database mirroring and
replication.

© AS part of a team, established security policy using windows domain accounts and
implemented a security strategy to protect against threats and attacks.