Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Junior SQL Developer Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Ower 7 and half years of strong experience with Demonstraird success in the Database Design,
Development and Deployment of large-scale enterprise applications. Expert in MS SQL Server suite
of products like SSIS, SSAS and SSRS. Hands of experience on Database development in OLTP
{Online Processing) and OLAP{[SSIS, SSRS and SSAS)

Software Development, SQL, Database Management, codereview, unit testing, dao, Oracle, Web
Services, ide, Business Development, aop, oop.

Work Experience

Junior SQL Developer
Ace Parking - Scptember 2013 - 2019

Design and deploy SSRS reports for visual presentation of the data Developed T-SQL codes,
ETL Processes to collect /eonmsolidate data from a variely of sources.

Developed parameterized dashboards and reports with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS}.
Develop T-SQL code, stored procedures, views, functions. and other dalabase objects to supply
data needed for the reports.

Integrate data from various sources using SSIS, validate data and create reports.

Responsible for developing and optimizing reporting solutions using SQL Server Reporting
Services (SSRS} to author, manage, and deliver dynamic, interactive, drill-down web-based

reports,

Used tools (Excel and SQL) to analyze, query, sort and manipulate data according to defined
business rules and procedures.

Optimized the queries which were running slowly.

SQL Developer

ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2013

Technologies SQL Server 2008, BIDS Description As a part of the e-Governance initiative,
Ministry of Commerce (MOC) has entered into a formal agreement with NSDL Database
Management Limited (NDML) for establishing and managing a nationwide integrated solution
for administration of Special Econamic Zones (SEZ} of India.

SEZ Online is a total integrated solution offered by NDML for the administration of SEZ to
facilitate speedy processing of various transactions, transparency in activities by reducing
physical Interface and using modem technology solutions of online electronic transaction
processing and payment.

This development is in collaboration with Infasys.

Responsibilities Created disaster recovery plan to restore SQL Server and databases hosted on
the server Used SQL Profiler to monitor applications using SQL Server Perform periodic
checking of databases with DBCC command for maintaining data consistency and integrity
and rebuilt indexes.

SAN Storage Configuration for clusters & servers Establish and maintain sound backup and
recovery policies and procedures Review Database design and implementation and recommend
improvements Implement and maintain database security (create and maintain.

© This Free Resume Template & the copyright of Quikresumecam, Usage Guidelines