Robe rt S m ith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

Website : www, qwikre sume, com
Junior Sql Server Developer LinkedIn: linkedin.com/quwikresurne

Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Responsible for supporting the lead developer with maintenance of our software, management of
our server infrastructure, backups, data migrations for client onboarding, diagnose systern issues
with our technical support tearn and other technical projects,

SKILLS

Management, organizing.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Junior Sql Server Developer
ABC Corporation - January 2012 - Decernber 2012

* Identifies and understands business needs during requirernents gathering to effectively
design, develop, test, and deploy reports or applications,

+ Stress test and optimizes the systern for efficiency in a distributed database,

* Analyzes internal processes and make recormmendations for autornated workflow processes
with eventual Implementation.

* Proposes technical solutions, new application design, process flows.

* Bullds custarm data imports as required,

* Troubleshoots and problem solve SQL database issues.

» Implements and tests software/server upgrades as needed to gain better functionality.

Junior Sqi Server Developer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2012

* Create stored procedures, views, functions, tables, and ensure their stability, reliability, and
performance,

* Design, develop, and maintain SSRS reports based on user requirements.

+ Write and optimize SQL staternents for data access and retention.

* Test databases for performance, fine-tune when necessary.

» Collaborate with developers on database design, query tuning, and scherna refinerment.

* Respond to feedback frorn users regarding performance and work with developers to improve
the performance of queries and indexes.

* Tune TSOL queries and stored procedures to improve performance and sustainability,

EDUCATION

Bachelor's of Engineering

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings