CONTACT

KA info@resumekraft.com

O 202-555-0120

9 Chicago, Illinois, US

IN linkedin.com/resumekraft

SKILLS

Exploratory testing
Regression testing
Functional testing
iOS platform
Android platform
Unity

Test cases

Management

INTERESTS

Cycling
Gaming
Running
Reading
Live events
Travelling

Hiking

Steven Kevin

QUALITY ASSURANCE TESTER

SUMMARY

Highly organized and detail-oriented Quality Assurance Tester with over 5 years
of experience in the mobile gaming industry. Proficient at identifying defects and
maintaining clear visibility of project status to stakeholders. A fast and effective
learner, possessing a proven track record of delivering results ahead of
expectations.

EXPERIENCE

Technical Quality Assurance Tester Oct 2020 - Present
Star Tech
¢ Identified and reported critical defects related to technical areas of the
project using Jira software.
¢ Implemented new testing methodologies using network capturing tools for
various features.

Quality Assurance Tester Mar 2020 - Oct 2020
Star Tech
e Improved existing processes within the team to increase efficiency and
reduce testing time.
e Provided feedback for the design and art teams to improve the product.

Quality Assurance Tester Apr 2017 - Feb 2020
Accenture
e Created test cases using TestRail and planned test rounds for external QA
teams.

e Performed early-stage testing using version control systems and Unity.

e Frequently monitored community feedback to track and report any defects
found in live environments.

e Collaborated with the development team to design and maintain public test
servers.

Senior Quality Assurance Tester Mar 2016 - Apr 2017
Gameloft
e Created and organized test cases based on the documentation received.
e Used automated internal tools to create and share daily status reports with
the development teams and product owners.
e Mentored new members of the team to achieve and surpass individual and
company targets.

Quality Assurance Tester Nov 2014 - Mar 2016
Gameloft
e Performed in-depth compatibility, performance and gameplay tests outlined
in the test cases of each specific project.
e Learned how to use internal tools to efficiently isolate defects and assisted
development teams by performing additional tests when necessary.