JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-
level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.
SKILLS

¢ Excel knowledge including common tools, conditional & nested © Medication administration

formulas e Respiratory equipment training
e Tendency to be well-organized, rule-abiding, and hard-working ¢ Calm and level-headed under duress
¢ Knowledge of various Microsoft Word features, functions, and e HIPAA Compliant

techniques. ¢ Understands medical procedures
« Coding ¢ Collecting specimens
¢ Medical records ® Quality assurance controls
e OSHA safety requirements e Performing patient intakes
e Facility oversight ¢ Collecting vital signs
« Data entry e Infection control procedures
¢ Medical terminology knowledge
¢ Wound care
EXPERIENCE

11/2020 to 07/2021 Vaccination / Testing Site Specialist
Providence Health & Services — Plainview. TX

* Collect, compile and analyze data from the state and local testing programs.

e Summarize testing results in an effort to identify strengths and weaknesses of instructional programs.

e Present testing information to parent groups, administrators, teachers, the School Board, and the community
through workshops and meetings.

e Work with the state department of education to implement changes and update training packets for administrators
and other school staff.

e Serve as a resource regarding testing questions and concems as well as data analysis.

¢ Complied with operational standards and OSHA regulations.

e Retained records of supplies and tools used and tasks performed for each project.

e Maintained payroll data, attendance records and delivered materials to job site on time and in good condition.

09/2018 to 10/2020 Certified Home Health Aide
Intermountain Healthcare — Midvale, UT
e Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
¢ Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
¢ Helped transition patient between bed, wheelchair and automobile to provide safe mobility support.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.
e Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
e Tracked and reported clients’ progress based on observations and conversations.
e Followed care plan and directions to administer medications.
¢ Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
e Assisted clients with bathing, dressing and incontinence care.

11/2009 to 01/2010 Dental Claims Processor
Goodwill Of Southern Nevada — Las Vegas, NV
e Ensure accurate processing of claims according to client's plan of benefits.
¢ Process all claims in a timely manner according to the established standards of service.
¢ Corresponds with clients and claimants to correct claim forms, and to investigate questionable entries.
e Research claim problems and perform any required claim adjustments in a timely manner.
¢ Complete filling, photocopying, faxing, and other administrative functions.
e Provides customer service to clients and claimants to resolve claim, billing and administrative issues.
e Evaluated pending claims to identify and resolve problems blocking auto-adjudication.
¢ Called insurance companies to ascertain pertinent information regarding policies and payment benefits for patients.
¢ Verified policy holder data, including age, contact number and physical address.
¢ Complied with confidentiality regulations in handling customer information.
e Checked documentation for appropriate coding, catching errors and making revisions.

04/2000 to 02/2008 Customer Service Manager
ACS Inc. — City, STATE

e Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.

e Maintained knowledge of company products and services to promptly resolve complaints and concerns.

e Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.

© Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.

e Interviewed, hired and trained new quality-focused customer service representatives.

e Oversaw and assessed customer service staff activities to provide personnel with regular performance-related
feedback.

e Evaluated employee job performance and motivated staff to improve productivity.

e Secured client retention by driving service and product benefits, features and recommendations around clients'
needs.

e Organized shift assignments to meet expected coverage demands by factoring in typical loads and upcoming
changes.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

01/2017 Associate of Science: Medical Assistant
South University - Distant Learning

08/2011 Associate of Applied Science: Phlebotomy / EKG Technician
Allegany College of Maryland - Cumberland, MD

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Promoted from Customer Service Rep to Customer Service Manager in less than 12-months

¢ Created highly effective new Medicare approved program in the newly opened Houston, Texas call center that significantly impacted
efficiency and improved operations.

¢ Recognized as Employee of the Month for outstanding performance and team contributions.

CERTIFICATIONS

e OSHA (Occupational Health and Safety Administration) certified Training - 2020
e HIPAA Compliance Training - 2000
e CPR / First Aide License - 2011