PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Expert in all aspects of nursing with success in developing strong nurse leaders focused on improving patient
care and delivery models. Adaptable and resilient with strong attention to detail, clinical expertise and
emergency response experience bringing 20 plus years of nursing ranging from the ED to Outpatient Surgery
as well as Pre-Admit Testing. Experienced nursing professional bringing demonstrated clinical expertise,
leadership skills and technical knowledge. Team-oriented and reliable with expert healthcare knowledge, clear
verbal and written communication skills and sound clinical judgment.

« Trauma and Acute Care Management & e Patient-focused care

Recovery e« Organizational Skills & Leadership
« Building Effective Relationships e« Companionship and emotional support
« Strong clinical judgment e Educational Programs

e Acute care expertise
e Chronic disease management

PRE ADMIT TESTING 07/2020 to CURRENT
Chi Memorial | Hixson, TN

e Perform initial physical assessment and interview including medical history.

e Perform tests that the surgeon has ordered or per facility protocol, such as an EKG and blood for lab
work.

e ICD 10 coding

e Teach the patient on surgery being performed as well as pre and post operative instructions.

e Maintain efficiency while seeing to patients comfort and well-being.

e Maintain a calm and helpful demeanor.

e Consult with Anesthesia regarding any abnormal or questionable patients comorbidities that may
increase risk of anesthesia complications.

PFLI-ADMIT TESTING 01/2016 to 06/2020
Adventhealth | Lampasas, TX

e Addressed unit staff concerns, including staffing ratios, resource management, allocation of
responsibilities and optimized workload management according to the current demand

e Communicated with primary care physicians or emergency care providers to relay patient results and
further needs

e Provided exceptional care to a varying number of high-acute patients needing complex care such as
ventilator management, extensive wound care and rehabilitation

e Utilized ICD 10 coding

RNOEMERGENCY DEPARTMENT 12/2004 to 12/2016
HCA Healthcare Inc. | City, STATE
e Integrated evidence-based nursing into practice environment for the team of nurses
e Answered codes quickly and orchestrated efficient, skilled medical care
¢ Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while
managing rapidly changing conditions
e Performed triage on all incoming patients and determined severity of injuries and illnesses
e Communicated openly and collaboratively with all healthcare staff to organize successful patient care.
e Educated patients, families and caregivers on diagnosis and prognosis, treatment options, disease
process and management and lifestyle options.

ENERGENCY ROOM REGISTERED NURSE 12/2001 to 08/2004
Ben Taub Hospital | City, STATE

e Answered codes quickly and orchestrated efficient, skilled medical care

e Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while
managing rapidly changing conditions

e Performed triage on all incoming patients and determined severity of injuries and illnesses

Bachelor of Science | Registered Nursing 01/2021
Grand Canyon University, Phoenix, AZ

AsCociate of Science | RN 12/2001
San Jacinto College, Pasadena, TX

BLS, PALS, ACLS
COVID 19 SZAR TEAM