PROFESSIONAL

WORK HISTORY

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced Oil and Gas professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills, looking to excel
my knowledge of the industry.

¢ Vast oil and gas industry knowledge ¢ Self motivated
e Mechanically Inclined e Extremely quick learner
e Understand isometric and P &ID drawings e Organized

e Interpersonal skills e Conducts work efficiently

e Microsoft applications skills
e Attention to detail

HYDRO TESTING FOREMAN 06/2015 to CURRENT
Delta Constructors | City, STATE

e Schedule and meet deadlines of quality assurance department to meet clients expectations.

e Read isometric drawings to ensure tests will be conducted on proper piping spools that client has
specified for test.

e Conduct hydrostatic and pneumatic pressure testing on piping ranging from 1" to 12" diameter.

e Test pressures ranging from 25 PSI to 7500 PSI depending of flange ratings and pipe thickness.

e Ensure proper torque values have been applied prior to filling lines with fluid or air.

e Document testing pressures and turn into quality control department to show client.

e Maintain and inspect tri-plex pumps to ensure no failure during tests.

e Assist field crews in re-commissioning piping and valve upon test completion.

WULL SUPPORT- TIE IN LEAD 05/2012 to 06/2015
Ch2mHill Energy & Chemicals | City, STATE

e Manage a crew of five employees to conduct disassembly and reassembly of well tie in configurations to
allow for a well work over. Piping and valves ranging from 1" to 10" were utilized

e Organized fabrication and modification of old and new piping spools per isometric drawings.

e Ensured crew conducted work in a safe and efficient manner with client expectations exceeded on a
regular basis.

e Conducted lock out tag out of well lines prior to disassembly of piping to ensure employee, and
environmental safety.

e Conducted post job walkdowns to ensure everything was torqued and installed properly per isometric
drawings and P&ID\'s

CCRROSION UNDER INSULATION- CREW LEAD 09/2008 to 05/2012
Ch2mhHill Energy & Chemicals | City, STATE

« Conducted insulation removal and corrosion mitigation on various piping diameters to prep for corrosion
inspection.

e Installed insulation on piping after inspection was conducted and deemed safe for continued operation.

« Ensured crew conducted safe and efficient work.

« Organized work campaigns to ensure work was completed in an efficient manner to meet clients
expectations.

« Tracked completed work locations and turned in daily reports to management.

High School Diploma 2005
Wasilla High School, Wasilla, AK