ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Testing Technician

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A Senior Continuous Improvement account manager with extensive experience managing
diversity, people & processes, Experienced in domestic/international express small parcel, air,
LTL, HAZ, JIT, automotive, media, intermodal, and cart loaded freight. Responsibilities: SCS lean
distribution methodologies and strategic planning, DOT compliance, OSHA requirements, training
leaders, managing P&L statements, Team Player, cross divisional suppon.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Verilog, C++, C, C#, Java, Assembly, Logisim, Pspice, Matlab, 3-D modeling, Microsoft Office,
Java, Spanish,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Testing Technician
ABC Corporation - December 2011 —- November 2015

Key Deliverables:

* Managed projects while maintaining budget and resource requirements,

* Worked with suppliers and manutactures to Dring new producis to market and improve
existing products,

» Provided excellent customer service to various elementary, mkidle and high schools
through elective communication with test coordinators.

« Performed prototype testing and sterilization for surgical instruments in lab environment),

» Responsible tor steniization, perform cycie tests, tracking.

» Operated autoclave sterilizer, multimeter and mechanical cycle equipment.

» Provided on-site support and training for the Gabriel Joint Venture project.

Testing Technician
Delta Corporation - 2009 ~ 2011

Key Deliverables:
= Author of Quality Manual and ail documentation, procedures and SOPs to acquire ISO
17025 certification,
» Appoint Quality Manager for the Test Engineering Dept,
* Proctored nursing, law, business, engineering, civil examinations and explain the
parameters of their exam Enforced strict rules and regulations, .

« Tesied modems and other electronics components to make:sure that they satisty industrys
quailty standards and customers satislaction prior to .

» Administer monitored drug and alcohol urine screens, PBT Input results and details into
court required databases.

* specimen collection, documentation of results and submission to coresponding agencies
Suburban Mobility Authority tor Regional Transporation (,

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines