JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-
level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

SKILLS
« Coding e HIPAA Compliant
¢ Medical records e Understands medical procedures
« OSHA safety requirements ¢ Collecting specimens
e Facility oversight ® Quality assurance controls
e Data entry e Performing patient intakes
¢ Medical terminology ¢ Collecting vital signs
* Wound care e Infection control procedures
¢ Medication administration © Medicaid knowledge
¢ Respiratory equipment training e Insurance terminology
EXPERIENCE

11/2020 to 07/2021 Vaccination / Testing Site Specialist
Generations Home Healthcare Lic — Bridgewater, NJ
* Collect, compile and analyze data from the state and local testing programs.
e Summarize testing results in an effort to identify strengths and weaknesses of instructional programs.
e Serve as a resource regarding testing questions and concerns as well as data analysis.
¢ Complied with operational standards and OSHA regulations.
e Retained records of supplies and tools used and tasks performed for each project.
¢ Maintained payroll data, attendance records and delivered materials to job site on time and in good condition.

09/2018 to 10/2020 Certified Home Health Aide
Intermountain Healthcare — Saratoga Springs, UT
¢ Helped transition patient between bed, wheelchair and automobile to provide safe mobility support.
e Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
e Assisted with client personal care needs to foster independence and well-being.
e Supervised medication administration, personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
e Tracked and reported clients’ progress based on observations and conversations.
¢ Organized and administered medications on schedules to alleviate symptoms and improve quality of life.
e Assisted clients with bathing, dressing and incontinence care.

11/2009 to 01/2010 Dental Claims Processor
Taylor Corp — Coldwater, MI
e Ensure accurate processing of claims according to client's plan of benefits.
e Corresponds with clients and claimants to correct claim forms, and to investigate questionable entries.
e Research claim problems and perform any required claim adjustments in a timely manner.
e Evaluated pending claims to identify and resolve problems blocking auto-adjudication.
¢ Called insurance companies to ascertain pertinent information regarding policies and payment benefits for patients.
¢ Complied with confidentiality regulations in handling customer information.

04/2000 to 02/2008 Customer Service Manager
ACS Inc. — City, STATE
e Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.
© Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions.
e Interviewed, hired and trained new quality-focused customer service representatives.
e Oversaw and assessed customer service staff activities to provide personnel with regular performance-related
feedback.
e Evaluated employee job performance and motivated staff to improve productivity.
¢ Led team engaged in delivering assistance to customer service department on daily basis.
e Generated reports on KPIs to track and improve key metrics.

EpucaTION AND TRAINING

01/2017 Associate of Science: Medical Assistant
South University - Distant Learning

08/2011 Associate of Applied Science: Phlebotomy / EKG Technician
Allegany College of Maryland - Cumberland, MD

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ Promoted from Customer Service Rep to Customer Service Manager in less than 12-months

e Created highly effective new Medicare approved program in the newly opened Houston, Texas call center that significantly impacted
efficiency and improved operations.

¢ Recognized as Employee of the Month for outstanding performance and team contributions.

CERTIFICATIONS

¢ OSHA (Occupational Health and Safety Administration) certified Training - 2020
e HIPAA Compliance Training - 2000
e CPR / First Aide License - 2011