PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

® 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experience in both Manual and Automated testing. + Proficiency in HP/Mercury tools (Unified Functional
Testing, Application Lifecycle Management) - Performed planning and development of Test Plans, Test Cases
and Test Scenario to meet product's business requirements. + Expert in retrieving database information writing
SQL Queries and transforming data to information as needed. - Analyzed test results fo ensure existing
functionality and recommend corrective action where necessary. « Implemented Sanity Testing, Smoke
Testing. Black Box Testing, GUI Testing, Functionality Testing, Performance Testing, Positive and Negative
Testing, End to End testing, Security Testing, Integration Testing. System Testing, User Acceptance Testing
(UAT) and Regression Testing of Web Based Applications and Client-Server Applications and assisted in
Load Testing. - Good skills for problem solving and Bug Tracking using Application Lifecycle Management. «
Thorough knowledge of the SDLC (Agile, Traditional) models and methodologies + Expertise in translating
user requirements into technical specifications and mapping the process design, work flows for SDLC with
documenting and managing business requirements. - Maintained the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM),
Test Matrix and also performed Gap Analysis. - Analyzed Enhancement requests and Modification requests. «
Professional expertise in MS Office and MS Project. - Possess excellent organizational, interpersonal,
communication and documentation skills with good process management skills along with a remarkable ability
to gather requirements to bring out quality product. « Ability to successfully manage multiple deadlines and
multiple projects effectively through a combination of business and technical skills.

e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
e Merchandising expertise e Product promotions
SOFTWARE TESTING AND EVALUATION ANALY ST 05/2022 to 08/2022

Saic | Fort Hood, TX

e Evaluated software for functionality, form and usability.

e Wrote and optimized test cases to maximize success of manual software testing with consistent,
thorough approaches.

e Looked beyond testing scripts to check software for interconnected problems not covered by
established specifications.

e Managed quality and success of individual development deliverables.

e Carried out tests to identify, report and repair issues such as bugs and glitches.

e Supported test review, defect control and configuration management within delivery pipeline.

e Collaborated on all stages of systems development lifecycle. from requirement gathering to production
releases.

e Implemented user acceptance testing with focus on documenting defects, identifying bottlenecks and
executing test cases.

SCUTWARE QUALITY ASSURANCE TESTER 08/2020 to 03/2021
Cvs Health | Midland, TX

e Identified and tracked defects with QTP and supported developers in resolving problems by completing
additional tests

e Created accurate and efficient test scripts in QTP to manage automated testing of certain products and
features

e Reported test findings to development personnel, advising staff on efficacy of subsequent remediation
attempts

e Published diagnostic findings in reporting literature to inform stakeholders of product performance

e Tested, identified and troubleshot problems in field with cellular networks and data collection equipment

e Worked alongside management to develop testing and improvement plans

e Evaluated results against design and customer standards

e Demonstrated understanding of SDLC .STLC, and AGILE project management

e Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user
requirements.

e Consulted regularly with internal customers on application development project status, new project
proposals and software-related technical issues.

SCC}TWARE QUALITY ASSURANCE TESTER 07/2019 to 07/2020
Flex | Memphis, TN

e Identified development issues by using various manual and automation testing techniques.

e Improved product usability 18% by creating feature enhancement requests and performing systems
analysis on existing products.

e Conducted software compatibility tests with programs. hardware, operating systems or network
environments.

e Provided technical support during software installation and configuration.

e Corrected any data entry error to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.

e Coordinated statistical data analysis, design, and information flow.

e Performed system analysis, documentation, testing, implementation and user support for platform
transitions.

INCUSTRIAL ENGINEER 05/2015 to 05/2018
United Parcel Service | City, STATE

« Streamlined material handling and material flow procedures to reduce overall production times and
shorten lead times on custom orders.

« Designed labor utilization standards to balance worker efficiency with employee satisfaction, increasing
overall productivity and satisfaction.

« Collaborated with cross-functional development team members to analyze potential system solutions
based on evolving client requirements.

« Worked closely with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust
solutions to meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance.

e Researched, designed and implemented scalable applications for information identification, extraction,
analysis, retrieval and indexing.

e« Developed and enhanced reports in Tableau and PowerBl. connecting to single or multiple data sources
to improve performance.

Bachelors of Technology | Electrical And Communication Engineering 05/2021
Gitam University, Visakhapatnam

Division of Business Academic Achievement Award
« Dean's List