Robert Ss m ith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email: (nfog@awikresume.com

Software QA Tester Website : www, qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Software QA Tester with over 3 years of experience in performing Functionality Testing, Integration
Testing, Systern Testing, and Regression Testing manually. Strong knowledge of the SDLC, OA
Testing Process. Experienced jn testing Client/Server Web-based and mobile applications.
Experienced in participating in Entire QA Life Cycle - Designing, Developing and Execution of the
entire QA Process, Efficient in writing Test Plans and Test Cases based on business requirements

SKILLS

Android, Bugzilla, Web, Mobile, QUI, Functionality, Smoke Acceptance, Regression Testing
WORK EXPERIENCE

Software QA Tester
Infomatrix Global - Septernber 2014 - April 2018

Tested the leading independent airport parking directory and reservation network on the
internet.

Prepared the test traceability matrix to confirm the test coverage and mapped it with the test
cases:

Interacting with the developers and business users to communicate the defects and actively
participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using Jira,
Coordinating the acceptance test processes and documenting and addressing all the issues
during the process.

Interacting with the development configuration and operations team to ensure the quality of
software to user expectations.

verifying the Integration of various components Inthe application and executed end-to-end
testing,

Participating in release review/requirement analysis and design review meetings,

Sr QA Tester
ABC Corp - 2012 - 2014

.

Created and maintained automation suites using testcomplete scripts to increase efficiency,
and allow for more time spent on manual exploratory testing.

Found, researched and reported the bugs in jira/Hansott,

Wrote, maintained and executed the Test Cases as necessary.

Prioritized, assigned and delegated the tasks to OA testers on a daily basis,

Tracked the daily/weekly progress of projects to ensure releases are on schedule,

Gathered and reported the test metrics.

Clearly cornmunicated the overall health of the product to key stakeholders via status
updates.

EDUCATION

MA in Financial Management - (Moscow University For Industry And Finance - Moscow, RU )

© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines