SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Resourceful Medical Assistant keeping office operations smooth and efficient. Detail-oriented approach to
organizing files, scheduling appointments and assisting patients. Brings background in settings over 15 years
to handle patient needs. Well-organized MA with demonstration to knowledge of healthcare procedures and
administrative operations in both outpatient and clinic environments. Experienced with insurance forms, charts
and other business correspondence. Detailed understanding of complex office and DBMS systems for
maintaining secure patient information. Reliable Medical Receptionist offering 15 years of experience working
in busy clinical practices and urgent care settings. Enthusiastic and offering years of experience in
communicating positively with physicians, office staff, and patients. Polished, hard worker and willing to go
extra mile to complete any task. Team oriented _ Professional and organized with all assignments and daily
duties.

« HIPAA guidelines « Phlebotomy

e Referral verification e Multilingual

« Front desk operations « Communication

e Patient callbacks « Time management

« Proficient in Epic e Knowledge of basic medical procedures
e Telephone etiquette e Follow protocols

« Relationship building e Attention to detail

« Team management e« Organization and cleanliness

e Critical thinking e Interactment with patients

¢ Team building

MEDICAL ASSISTANT RECEPTIONIST AT COVID 19 TESTING 10/2020 to CURRENT
Clinica Sierra Vista | Lebec, CA

e Conducted patient interviews to gather health history, vital signs and information about current medical
issues.

¢ Oversaw patient registration, insurance verification, form completion and appointment scheduling to
maintain operational efficiency.

e Assisted physicians by preparing patients for procedures, including EKGs, phlebotomy, glucose testing
and pulmonary function tests.

e Relayed messages from patients to physicians about concerns, condition updates or refill requests to
facilitate effective treatment.

e Assessed, documented and monitored vital signs for more than 100 patients per day.

e Prepared treatment rooms for patients, including cleaning surfaces and restocking supplies.

e Experienced in front and back offices, controlling patient flow, collecting payments and assisting in
delivery of quality healthcare.

e Maintained and calibrated lab instruments and equipment to streamline use.

e Answered appointment calls to streamline office operations.

e Maintained inventory, vaccination and product expiration logs to record updated documentation for
tracking purposes.

e Assisted back office patient processes to reduce customer wait time

e Performed front desk duties, including answering phones. scheduling appointments, greeting patients
and ordering supplies.

¢ Monitored patient stability by checking vital signs and weight.

e Verified appointment times with patients, preparing charts, pre-admission and consent forms.

e Tracked and managed inventory for exam rooms and maintained vaccine and expiration logs.

e Secured patient information and maintained patient confidence by completing and safeguarding medical
records.

« Communicated with patients by phone and via written correspondence.

e Positioned patients for optimal comfort prior to procedures.

« Led patients to exam rooms, answered general questions and prepared patients for physician by
explaining process.

e Performed preliminary physical tests, such as taking blood pressure, weight and temperature,
accurately recording results in patient history summary.

e Printed and filed examination data records according to HIPAA patient standards.

e Sterilized medical equipment after each procedure.

e Improved patient care and daily task efficiency resulting in smoother operations.

e Coordinated services with medical and office staff to improve patient satisfaction, engagement and
compassionate care.

e Performing Point Of Care Tests

e EKG

* Phlebotomy

e Assisting Providers wit PPE USE

e Handle and preparing all Covid 19 swabs to main lab in hospital

e Troubleshot malfunctioning equipment and test systems to maintain testing accuracy.

e Monitored medical supply levels to confirm sufficient stock, promptly placing replenishment orders
before depletion.

e Followed all principles of asepsis and infection control to meet patient safety guidelines.

e Maintained clean and organized work area with adequate supplies and reagents.

e Transmitted physician's orders to patients, counseling on execution and addressing follow-up questions.

M(CDICAL ASSISTANT 10/2010 to 03/2020
Yakima Valley Memorial Hospital | Yakima, WA

e Oversaw patient registration, insurance verification, form completion and appointment scheduling to
maintain operational efficiency.

e Assisted physicians by preparing patients for procedures, including EKGs, phlebotomy, glucose testing
and pulmonary function tests.

e Relayed messages from patients to physicians about concerns, condition updates or refill requests to
facilitate effective treatment.

e Prepared treatment rooms for patients, including cleaning surfaces and restocking supplies.

e Maintained and calibrated lab instruments and equipment to streamline use.

e Answered appointment calls to streamline office operations.

e Maintained inventory, vaccination and product expiration logs to record updated documentation for
tracking purposes.

e Performed front desk duties, including answering phones, scheduling appointments, greeting patients
and ordering supplies.

e Positioned patients for optimal comfort prior to procedures.

e Communicated with patients by phone and via written correspondence.

e Tested and repaired medical testing equipment to maintain safety and accuracy.

e Performed routine tests such as urine dip stick, vision and hearing tests.

e Sterilized medical instruments to streamline procedural use.

e Assisted in providing customized healthcare options to infants, children and adolescents.

e Performed, validated and reported laboratory tests for prognosis, diagnosis, treatment and research.

e Escorted patients to examination rooms and documented medical histories.

e Trained patients on how to properly operate medical equipment.

NURSE TECHNICIAN 04/2005 to 01/2010
Shriners Hospitals For Children | City, STATE

« Took patients vitals, including blood pressure, temperature and pulse and documented vital signs and
weight of patients.

e« Turned or re-positioned bedridden patients to promote blood flow and prevent bedsores.

« Documented patient intake and dietary requirements, also assisting with feeding and monitoring.

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

« Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care
team.

e« Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared for lab testing.

e Used mobility devices and [Type] equipment to transport patients.

e« Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

e Assisted patients during ambulation and moved from one place to another by pushing wheelchairs.

e Provided support with bathing, toileting, grooming, and washing.

e« Assessed patients' physical and mental conditions by thoroughly assessing medical histories and
communicated to patients fo base trust.

e« Played games, with patients on a daily basis to boost mood, improve memory and provide light
entertainment.

e Protected and promoted patient rights and assisted individuals to achieve maximum independence.

e Engaged with patient family and friends to provide courteous, efficient visit experience.

e Stocked rooms

e Covered front desk duties when needed

Medical Assisting 06/2009
Lincoln Technical Institute, Somerville, MA

Hig” School Diploma 06/2008
Somerville High School, Somerville, MA

Becton College , Newton, MA