SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of

driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

SKILLS
« Equipment testing and calibration © Supervision
¢ Laboratory assay analysis * Microsoft Office
« Time management e Flexible
« MS Office ® Clerical
¢ Critical thinking e Data management
¢ Relationship building © Decision-making
e PPE use e Organization
EXPERIENCE
12/2020 to Current Drug Testing Technician
Premier Senior Living Group — New Bern, NC
¢ Followed laboratory guidelines for handling biological specimens.
e Initiated and implemented drug and alcohol tests and issued notices to prohibit presence or usage in secure zones.
¢ Recorded control values from technical instruments to maintain reliability and validity of test results.
08/2020 to Current Personal Care Aide

Avalon Health Care Group — Tacoma, WA

e Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

¢ Documented patient intake and dietary requirements, also assisting with feeding and monitoring.

¢ Promoted patient satisfaction by assisting with daily living needs such as bathing, dressing, toileting and
exercising.

e Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and physical symptoms to assess and prioritize need for further
attention.

¢ Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care team.

e Collected biological specimens and packages for laboratory transport to complete diagnostic tests.

e Safely and accurately prepared all medications and sterilized products by using proper techniques, calculations and
standards of precautions.

e Prevented spread of infection by consistent hand washing, universal precautions and special isolation procedures.

e Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

e Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

e Worked with supervisory medical staff to review cases and improve care.

e Ambulated individuals with safe and effective strategies around home, public and medical locations.

© Helped clients maintain daily living standards by assisting with personal hygiene needs.

e Assisted patients with daily personal hygiene such as bathing, dressing and grooming.

e Assisted with meal planning to meet nutritional plans.

¢ Transported clients to locations such as medical appointments and group meetings to maintain social connections
and meet medical needs.

e Monitored vital signs and medication use, documenting variances and concerning responses.

02/2020 to 08/2020 Caregiver

Core Mark — Miami, FL

e Monitored vital signs and medication use, documenting variances and concerning responses.

e Assisted with meal planning to meet nutritional plans.

© Helped clients with personal needs from exercise to bathing and personal grooming.

e Maintained clean and well-organized environment to promote client happiness and safety.

¢ Facilitated best care by developing strong and trusting rapport with patient.

e Transported clients to locations such as medical appointments and group meetings to maintain social connections
and meet medical needs.

¢ Documented information in patient charts and communicated status updates to interdisciplinary care team.

e Fostered relationship with client, providing companionship and counseling.

¢ Directed patients in simple prescribed exercises, including passive and active ROM to maintain musculoskeletal
functions and increase strength.

e Oversaw and planned schedules by coordinating doctor appointments, exercise routines, recreational activities and
family visits.

e Assisted with basic care for elderly patients, including scheduling appointments and managing finances and legal
matters.

12/2019 to 02/2020 Truck Driver

G. Thomas Trucking — City, STATE

¢ Promoted positive customer service by delivering on-time shipments and fully resolving issues.

e Employed best inventory packing and safety practices with zero complaints, hazards, incidents or lost-time
accidents.

e Improved project completion time, multi-tasking operations on heavy equipment and trucks.

¢ Submitted reports on condition of truck at end of each trip.

¢ Demonstrated safe driving by observing all road rules, exercising caution in unfamiliar areas and maintaining
vehicle control.

e Connected air hoses and electrical lines, installed and removed tire chains and manually cranked dolly wheels.

¢ Managed on-time, under-budget tow truck service execution across region while partnering with local authorities
and USPS.

¢ Coordinated with dispatch to receive updates, communicate efficient routes and convey delays.

© Operated tractor-trailer combination in urban, suburban and rural environments and in all types of weather
conditions.

e Drove trucks with capacities greater than three tons, including tractor-trailer combinations, to transport and deliver
products, livestock or other materials.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

04/2006

GED
Waverly High School - Waverly, NY

Associate of Science: Nursing

Corning Community College - Corning, NY

CERTIFICATIONS

© Certified CPR (Adults & Infants), - 2020