JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Customer Service professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining
professional relationships to increase profitability and drive business results.

SKILLS
¢ Information Ordering e Shift Scheduling
¢ Specifications Conformance e Transaction Approvals
¢ Sample Collection e Sweeping and Mopping
¢ Packaging and Shipping Support e Store Opening and Closing
« Inspection and Testing Reports © Cooperative Attitude

© Work Orders
e Customer Service

¢ New Hite Training

Work History

¢ Team Contribution
e Heavy Lifting
e Team Leadership

06/2022 to Current Covid Testing
Compass Group Usa Inc — Odessa, TX

e Tested over 200 people per day

¢ Travel to site location

e Set up and take down testing site at beginning and end of each work day

e Ask prompted health related questions and follows structured screening protocol

e Re-stock PPE and lab supplies

e Enter data into EHR and/or lab system

© Greets all incoming individuals at on-site location (employees, patients, and visitors)

e Adhered to social distancing protocols and wore mask or face shield

e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment

e Completed paperwork, recognizing discrepancies and promptly addressing for resolution

e Learned new skills and applied to daily tasks to improve efficiency and productivity.

¢ Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving to work ready to start immediately.
e Successfully maintained clean, valid driver's license and access to reliable transportation.

e Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications.
e Received and processed stock into inventory management system.

© Carried out day-to-day duties accurately and efficiently.

e Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.

01/2020 to 07/2021 Housekeeper
Taco Bell — Boynton Beach, FL

e Cleaned over 12 rooms per day

¢ Disinfected and mopped bathrooms to keep facilities sanitary and clean.

¢ Disposed of trash and recyclables each day to avoid waste buildup.

e Cleaned and stocked guest rooms by replacing used towels and linens, vacuuming floors, making beds and
restocking bathroom items.

e Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.

e Used chemicals by following safety protocols and procedures to avoid burns and injuries.

e Hand-dusted and wiped down office furniture, fixtures and window sills to keep areas clean and comfortable.

e Maintained clean and comfortable environments in commercial buildings by vacuuming, cleaning windows and
dusting.

e Removed bed sheets and towels from rooms and pre-treated stains to maintain and restore linen condition.

¢ Dusted picture frames and wall hangings with cloth

¢ Completed laundry services with special attention to care instructions for hand-washing and dry cleaning

e Waxed and polished wood floors and other woodwork

11/2010 to 11/2012 Shift Manager
McDonald's — City, STATE

e Trained and mentored new employees to maximize team performance.

e Supervised employees and oversaw quality compliance with company standards for food and services.

e Kept employees operating productively and working on task to meet business and customer needs.

e Coached crew members to optimize performance and motivate toward more efficient work.

e Exercised composure under pressure and in escalated customer service scenarios.

e Worked closely with team members to schedule breaks and shifts to meet state regulations.

© Cooperated with coworkers to improve customer experience and manage storefront.

e Consistently exhibited calm demeanor during periods of high volume or unusual events to keep store operating
smoothly and set positive example for shift team.

e Adhered to company standards and compliance requirements for operations and cleanliness of areas.

e Advised new employees on company procedures and policies to facilitate daily tasks and responsibilities.

e Tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements.

e Checked building to confirm maintenance and cleaning met code and regulations.

e Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage for short shifts.

e Assisted management team in developing and creating welcoming atmosphere for crew members to voice
complaints.

e Evaluated performance, adjusted strategies and maintained agile. sustainable operations.

e Recruited and interviewed candidates for management to evaluate readiness and fit for position.

EpucaTIon

06/2001 High School Diploma
Twin Palms - Blythe Ca

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR Certification CNA BLS Certification

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

e Authorized to work in the US for any employer