PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

WORK HISTORY

SKILLS

EDUCATION

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Seeking a position in the company to utilize my skills and abilities and achieve professional growth while being
resourceful, innovative and flexible

SENIOR FUNCTIONAL TESTING ENGINEER
The Kraft Heinz Company | Minneapolis

End to End Testing.
e Preparing Test Plan, Test Strategy.
e Requirements, Design documents and Test plan reviews, Test case execution for Regression scenarios
as well as new functionality scenarios.
e Root cause analysis of the issues/defects being faced by involving various applications.
e imparted knowledge sharing sessions about various applications and flows.

04/2014 to 06/2016

PROJECT ENGINEER
Wipro Technologies (Project Vodafone UK ) | City

End to End Testing
e Scripting Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test design and execution of test cases.
e« Have good proficiency in Manual Testing; Clear understanding of Software Testing Life Cycle and Test
Management process.
e Used UNIX Jump box to check the logs and processes for each server.
e« Reviewing data in various reports generated from Quality Center Dashboard.
« Mentor and trained the new joiners’ in the process with productive training plans.

01/2012 to 04/2014

e OSM (Order & Service Management) ¢ Testing software Test cases and script creation
e Amdocs Billing e HTML JavaScript
e Oracle Fusion Middle ware e Excellent problem-solving abilities

« BBNMS & Activation Tools

« QA tools

« HTML and Css

e SQL and databases

« Customer Relationship Management Software
(CRM)

e« Software development life-cycle expert

« Database management software Program

Excellent communication skills
Excellent diagnostic skills

Release planning

Business development

Data analysis

Data validation

Data quality assurance processes
Customer-oriented

Master of Science | Information System CURRENT
University of Maryland, Baltimore, MD

Information Systems

Bahelor of Science | Computer Science MAY2011

Uttarakhand Technical University, Dehradun, INDIA
Computer Science

e Promoted to Senior Functional Testing Engineer in 6 months.
e Awarded with the Good Team Player for contributions to AT&T project
e Awarded with the Star Performer & Customer Satisfaction for contributions to Quarterly release.