JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Dedicated Educational Instruction Worker offering training and support solutions for learning program development. Enjoys collecting
information on various learning systems to compare effectiveness and implement next-level approaches. Actively assesses expressed needs of
individuals and community to guide program research and creation.

Fantastic at using software for data entry and analysis. Excellent multitasking and applying real-world solutions to long-term licensing issues.
Forward-thinking team leader skilled at operating departments efficiently to meet goals. Successful background matching employees with roles
for maximum performance. Proactive and hardworking individual focused on continuous operational improvement.

Reliable employee seeking part-time or full-time position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

Insightful Laboratory Technician brings dedication to excellence and calm demeanor. Team player trained in laboratory procedures, equipment
maintenance and inventory management. Supports lab operations with accurate documentation and organized spaces.

Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level position. Ready to help team achieve

company goals.
SKILLS
e Testing Standards e Log Files
* State Testing Support e Dish Preparation
¢ Positive Learning Environment © Food Distribution
© Policy and Procedure Enforcement e Error Identification
e Setting Learning Objectives e Patient Charting
e Test Plan Execution e Time Management
e Faculty Meetings e Leading Team Meetings
e Database Systems e Handling Escalations
e Test Administration e Employee Coaching and Motivation
* Operational Efficiency ® Positive and Constructive Feedback
* Usability Testing e Managing Operations and Efficiency
e Program Analysis e Issue Resolution
e Database Management e Administration and Reporting
e Data Archiving ¢ Policy Enforcement
e Manual Testing © Call Center Operations
e Requirements Specifications ¢ POS Inventory System Operation
e Testing Activities e Creative Solutions
¢ Process Testing e Job and Task Observation
e Workflow Processes ¢ Talent Allocation
e Customer Satisfaction * Quality Assurance
* Operational Safety ® Social Media Platforms
e Vendor Relations e New Hire Training
e Test Confidentiality e Fluency in Spanish
e Acceptance Criteria e Attendee Relations
Work HIsTORY

Testing Specialist, 01/2022 - Current
Bank Of America Corporation — Clifton Park, NY
¢ Operated computer to enter and update patron records.
¢ Developed and implemented updating training programs for Number employees.
e Performed routine lab and department maintenance to keep area clean and orderly.
¢ Documented information by maintaining daily logs and equipment record books.
e Trained new associates in laboratory procedures and standards.
* Collected and performed analytical testing on in-process product.
e Prepared and assured accuracy of standards and reagents needed for analyses.
*« Completed quality documents and input and saved quality data in appropriate locations.
¢ Kept laboratory supplies prepared by inventorying stock, placing orders and verifying receipt.
¢ Supported laboratory staff with advanced troubleshooting, resolving complex problems and helping with special projects.
¢ Conducted analytical tests on in-coming raw materials prior to use in process.
e Maintained consumables and glassware inventory by receiving and inventorying incoming shipments.
e Oversaw items in inventory and reordered before supplies diminished.
e Entered quality test results, scanned paperwork into SAP and monitored SAP for completion of inspections.
¢ Processed patient specimens according to priority and documented results.
¢ Logged patient information and recorded results into system.
e Tracked collected specimens by initialing, dating and noting times of collection.
¢ Prepared samples for shipping and disposed of bodily fluids in proper containers.
e Cleaned and sterilized tools and equipment to maximize purity of specimens.
¢ Calibrated and maintained instruments to keep equipment fully operational.
e Performed testing and quality control using approved laboratory procedures and instrumentation.
e Interpreted and documented results of tests into active databases and communicated results to internal customers.
e Maintained documentation on tests performed 1n lab.
e Acted as first point of contact and set appointments for prospective clients.
¢ Worked with diverse types of weather and ground conditions.
* Collected and transported specimens to prepare for lab testing.
¢ Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care delivery.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
¢ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
¢ Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to promote safe working environment.
e Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.
¢ Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
¢ Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
© Offered friendly and efficient service to customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
¢ Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships.
e Maintained excellent attendance record, consistently arriving to work on time.
e Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions to problems.
* Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.
e Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.
e Participated in team-building activities to enhance working relationships.
« Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging in problem-solving activities to support teamwork.
e Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.
* Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.
¢ Served customers and followed outlined steps of service.
¢ Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
¢ Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule.
¢ Located and corrected data entry errors and reported to management.
e Verified accuracy of data before transcribing.
e Sorted and processed incoming reports before putting data into processing software.
e Managed workflow scheduling, data entry and accuracy verification for large data projects.
« Answered data questions for company leaders as subject matter expert to enhance decision making.
« Inspected worksites, practices and gear for compliance with established safety standards.
e Inspected facilities for adherence to fire, hazard and safety guidelines.
* Responded to any emergencies as instructed and with utmost efficiency.
e Gathered information, prepared reports, and drafted correspondence related to cases.
¢ Recognized, documented and advised on removal of hazards.
* Conducted safety audits and investigated plant quality issues.
¢ Verified monthly practice of fire drills for every work shift.
* Provided instructions to staffers during fire drills and emergency evacuations.
e Prepared year-end journal entries to prepare for annual audit.
¢ Performed analysis and research to compile data to submit to auditor for special projects.
¢ Monitored department compliance with laws, regulations, and codes.
e Reviewed data points and trends to determine compliance.
e Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.
¢ Managed documents by organizing forms, making photocopies, filing records, preparing correspondence and creating reports.
* Corrected data entry errors to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.
¢ Increased data-entry productivity by maintaining detailed logs of data projects, identifying issues and improving them.
* Oversaw in-person and curbside patient registration and processing.
e Protected individual confidentiality as prescribed by local, state and federal mandates.
* Provided COVID-19 FAQs and educational material to patrons and employees.
* Collected and treated patient samples to test for COVID-19 infection.
¢ Disinfected tools, equipment and surfaces between patients.
* Scheduled patients for appointments and maintained master calendar.
© Provided family members with general health education and tips for patient care.
© Inspected equipment for defects and completed basic repairs.
¢ Helped clinical staff with in-office procedures by organizing spaces and passing instruments.
¢ Handled and stored potentially contaminated nasal, oral and blood samples to prevent compromise.
¢ Reported positive and negative response cases according to established protocols and reporting mandates.
e Interpreted and processed on-site-only test data according to RMI documentation requirements.

Kitchen Helper, 12/2019 - 01/2022
Resort Lifestyle Communities — Loveland, OH
* Provided new-employee health and safety orientations and developed materials for presentations.
e Cleaned and organized kitchen stations to promote team efficiency.
¢ Paid close attention to instructions from supervisor to complete tasks on time.
¢ Scraped, washed and efficiently restacked dishware, utensils and glassware to keep kitchen ready for customer demands.
* Operated standard kitchen equipment with focus on safety and sanitation.
* Boosted team efficiency by keeping kitchen areas organized, clean and properly sanitized.
¢ Helped chefs prepare and present food to event guests with strong attention to detail and presentation expertise.
e Disinfected counters and wiped down food prep surfaces to prevent illness and cross-contamination from raw meats.
* Stepped into additional roles during busy times to boost coverage of important stations.
* Moved items from main storage areas to easily accessible small fridge, freezers and containers to support kitchen staff efficiency.
¢ Helped team meet expected demands by restocking work areas throughout restaurant such as server stations, salad bars and supply
cupboards.
e Prepared dishes for catering events or during high-volume shifts.
* Oversaw incoming deliveries, unboxing supplies, shelving stock and rotating items.
¢ Chopped vegetables, cut up fruit and prepared sauces when kitchen staff was busy.
e Maintained clean, trash-free workspaces to maximize productivity and safety.
¢ Followed proper handling and sanitation procedures to comply with food safety standards and protocols.
¢ Prevented food spoilage by monitoring dates, rotating stock and following proper storage procedures.
e Restocked supplies and prepared additional ingredients during downtime for expected busy periods.
¢ Cleaned and sanitized dishes and utensils, consistently keeping adequate supplies on hand for expected customer loads.
« Learned other teammates’ work tasks to train as backup.
e Sanitized dining ware and kitchen equipment according to health code standards.
* Made food according to standard recipes with requested changes for customer satisfaction.
e Plated hot meals and salads in aesthetically pleasing arrangements.
¢ Compiled recipe ingredients and prepared for cooks by washing, cutting or measuring food items.
¢ Kept supplies in sufficient stock by assessing inventory levels and reporting lower stock items.
¢ Circulated kitchen area to receive work assignments and identify support tasks.
* Inspected equipment, refrigerators and warming lamps to check compliance with safe operating levels.
e Maintained cleanliness of restrooms by washing down and properly sanitizing walls, floors and toilets.
¢ Performed daily facility checklists for cleaning floors, wiping down glass entryways and collecting trash.
e Emptied waste paper and other trash from premises and moved to appropriate receptacles.
¢ Used vacuum and shampooers to clean carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
e Responded immediately to calls from personnel to clean up spills and wet floors.
e Maintained floor cleaning and waxing equipment.
e Maintained optimal supply levels to meet daily and special cleaning needs.
¢ Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
© Delivered correct food items to tables according to order documentation.
e Garnished dishes and quickly delivered items to customers, minimizing wait times.
* Cleared tables immediately after guests left in preparation for next party.
e Trained and mentored newly hired employees to explain process flow and safety procedures.

« Answered questions from restaurant patrons regarding menu items.

Wok Cook, 08/2018 - 11/2019
Hard Rock Hotels And Casinos — Hollywood, FL
® Operated wok containing oil and using high heat level carefully to avoid burns and injuries.
e Chopped vegetables and cut meat to prepare for dinner hour.
e Prepared dumplings, stir-fries, meats and noodles.
¢ Delivered meals made from high-quality ingredients using attractive plating techniques.
* Notified kitchen manager of shortages to maintain inventory.
e Organized server tickets to expedite food orders.
* Prepared sauces and garnishes to complement sauteed menu items.
e Maintained neat appearance and clean uniform to project professionalism to customers.
e Adhered to safety procedures for operating and cleaning kitchen tools and machinery to avoid injury.
e Set up and maintained saute station to facilitate kitchen operations.
¢ Performed thorough quality checks of food plating and presentation.
e Covered, dated, rotated and properly stored food items to preserve quality and freshness.
e Leveraged scales, dishers and ladles to monitor portion control.
e Sauteed and seasoned meats, pastas and vegetables to customer taste preference.
e Liaised with sous chef throughout shift to obtain food prep and kitchen management instructions.
* Used kitchen equipment safely and reduced risk of injuries and burns.
e Restocked inventory and ingredient items to maintain optimal kitchen efficiency.
© Wrapped up and stored unused food in appropriate containers and placed in refrigerator to avoid spoilage.
e Maintained spotless and tidy dining area by throwing away food wrappers on tables, emptying trash receptacles and cleaning floors during
slow periods.
e Trained and assisted new kitchen staff members.
¢ Contributed to consistent customer satisfaction rating by producing high-quality food and providing timely service.
e Packaged, arranged and labeled ingredient stock, storing at established temperatures.
¢ Communicated with management on food inventory stock to request order placement.
® Coordinated with Cashiers to gather and review order information for accurate order completion.
* Reduced customer waiting by batch cooking popular items during rush times.
e Learned new menu offerings and options easily to assist customers with selecting items.
e Oversaw scheduling, inventory management and supply ordering to maintain fully stocked kitchen.
© Offered soft drinks, frozen beverages and Type immediately after processing payments to deliver simple items quickly to customers.
e Identified inefficiencies leading to improved productivity.
e Suggested actionable improvements to streamline training procedures.

Wok Cook, 03/2017 - 08/2018
Hard Rock Hotels And Casinos — Orlando, FL
e Prepared multiple orders simultaneously during peak periods with high accuracy rate, maximizing customer satisfaction and repeat
business.
e Set up and prepared cooking supplies and workstations during opening and closing to maximize productivity.
e Changed and sanitized cutting boards, benches and surfaces between tasks to avoid cross-contamination.
e Took food orders from cashiers and cooked items quickly to complete order items together and serve hot.
e Maintained well-stocked stations with supplies and spices for maximum productivity.
¢ Created identical dishes numerous times daily with consistent care, attention to detail and quality.
¢ Communicated closely with servers to fully understand special orders for customers.
e Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, storage, use of kitchen equipment and sanitation.
e Transitioned between breakfast and lunch service.
e Inspected appliances, commercial fryers, and ovens to verify proper working order.
© Ordered and received products and supplies to stock kitchen areas.
© Produced high volume covers per day and maintained near-perfect customer satisfaction scores.
© Managed kitchen staff, supervised preparation of foods .and explained steps for readying specialty items.
e Mentored staff in expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily work.
e Maintained central standardized recipe and ingredient repository with nutritional and cost information.
e Assisted chef with planning easy but elegant appetizers to spark customer interest.
e Planned lunch, dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering.
© Met production requirements for banquet and outlet desserts and breakfast pastries.
e Planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability
e Reduced restaurant's annual food and labor costs through proper budgeting, scheduling and management of inventory.

¢ Developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction.

EDUCATION
GED: 05/2016
Lanier Highschool - Austin Tx

LANGUAGES
Spanish: English:

Negotiated: Negotiated: