JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

EDUCATION

03/2021 Clinical Doctorate in Audiology: Audiology
East Tennessee State University - Johnson City, TN
« Current GPA: 3.858
e Awarded Sidney G. Gilbreath Academic Scholarship
© Member of Students Academy of Audiology (SAA)
e Elected officer of SAA
¢ Graduate of the Inter-professional Organization of Education (IPE)

05/2018 Bachelor of Science: Communication Sciences And Disorders
University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL
© Graduated with 3.945 GPA
e Graduated magna cum laude
© Member of National Students Speech-Language-Hearing Association (NSSLHA)
e Awarded NSSLHA Certificate of Excellence
e Awarded President’s Honor Roll
¢ Deans List

05/2016 Associate of Arts

Seminole State College of Florida - Sanford, FL
e Graduated with 3.857 GPA
¢ Graduated summa cum laude
e Awarded Deans List
e Awarded PTSA Scholarship
e Awarded the First Generation Scholarship
e Awarded Florida Bright Futures Scholarship

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Bright and excited graduate student looking for a well-rounded, hands on, positive, and educational fourth-year audiology position. Proficient
in adult and pediatric comprehensive audiologic and electrophysiology testing including distortion product otoacoustic emissions,
tympanometry, acoustic reflexes, air & bone conduction threshold assessments, and auditory brainstem response testing for threshold &
retrocochlear pathologies. Also proficient in best practice Real Ear probe tube hearing aid fittings, repair of technology, trouble shooting, and
hearing aid assistive technology. Has experience with vestibular & BPPV evaluations, Central Auditory Processing Disorder evaluations, and
cochlear implant candidacy evaluations. Seeking to expand knowledge and confidence in the field to become a competent and promising
audiologist.

SKILLS
¢ Problem anticipation and resolution e Team work
« Documentation « Communication & Organization
e Flexibility * Critical thinking
« Time management
Work History

08/2020 to Current ETSU Graduate Assistantship: Testing Center
East Tennessee State University — City, STATE
e The ETSU testing center proctors high and low risk examinations inside the East Tennessee State University library
with the goal of promoting academic honestly and integrity.

01/2019 to 05/2020 ETSU Graduate Assistantship: Africana Studies
East Tennessee State University — City, STATE
e The Africana Studies department focuses on education and scholarly information distribution at East Tennessee
State University.

01/2017 to 01/2018 Head Waitress
The Social House — City, STATE
¢ Upheld high standards of professionalism when dealing with customer issues and waiting on tables.
© Monitored well-being of guests.
¢ Maintained customer satisfaction.