JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SKILLS
e Customer Service e Emergency and Preventive Care
« Patient Care e Team-work Oriented
e Leadership © First Aid/CPR
e Flexible and Dependable e Effective Communication
CERTIFICATIONS
Emergency Medical Technician
e Nationally Registered EMT
NREMT Registrant Number: E3422011
e Texas DSHS Certified EMT License Number: 756227
American Heart Association BLS
CPR and AED
AFFILIATIONS

e Phi Sigma Pi National Honor Fraternity - Delta Psi Chapter
e Texas Exes Life Member
« National Eagle Scout Association Member

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Iam a highly motivated individual seeking to gain employment with a reputable company involved within the healthcare field that can utilize
my skills to benefit their organization. I am interested in opportunities where I can gain essential knowledge and experience from professional
challenges that will expand current skills within the healthcare field and foster personal growth and new opportunity. Willing to acquire a
position that offers direct patient care, screening and lab work, analytical and critical thinking, and collaboration amongst other healthcare

professionals to achieve company goals.

WorK HISTORY

Covid-19 Testing Site Manager, 11/2020 - Current
First Student — Lancaster, TX
* Oversaw various testing teams to maintain best practices in accordance to company policy and procedure.
e Trained new staff on job duties, company policies and safety procedures for rapid onboarding.
* Verified adherence to HIPAA and other local, state, and national guidelines.
* Conducted Covid-19 testing, handled and stored nasal specimens to prevent compromise.
¢ Collaborated with supervisors, site managers, and city and state officials to effectively get large scale sites operating.
* Defined testing protocols, quality assurance initiatives and clinic policies and procedures to outdoor and indoor testing teams.
* Conducted and handled day-to-day, weekly, and monthly PPE and testing supply inventory to maintain appropriate levels on testing sites.

Shop Manager, 03/2019 - 11/2020

Avalon Health Care Group — San Andreas, CA
e Manage customer scheduling
e Assist with installation

e Order and track inventory to maintain appropriate supply

Home Health Aide, 05/2018 - 12/2019
Nate Moore, Sr — City, STATE
e Assisted in caring for disabled patient; handling hygiene, meal preparation, medication administration and physical therapy exercises
e Worked to improve and enhance patient's daily life, through effective and compassionate care and companionship
e Encouraged patient to participate in safe physical activity, speech and motor skill therapy, and memory recall to boost mood and improve
overall wellness
¢ Progressed patient from being wheelchair dependent to mobile using walker.

Associate Floor Lead, 08/2016 - 12/2016
Amazon — City, STATE
e Packed customer orders and prepared them for shipment in a timely manner
e Audited and assessed individual packer quality and performance
e Assisted in ensuring employees adhered to all safety protocol
e Ensured all proper packaging inventory were replenished as needed
e Tracked and sorted items ready for shipment.
e Assisted supervisor with feedback for employee performance evaluations.

EDUCATION

Emergency Medical Technician, 05/2018
Brazosport College - Lake Jackson, TX

Bachelor of Science: Youth And Community Studies, 12/2014
The University of Texas At Austin - Austin, TX
e Minored in Nursing
e Coursework in Public Health, Nursing, Psychology, and Education

Associate of Science: General Science, 12/2011
Brazosport College - Lake Jackson, TX