ROBERT SMITH

Tester

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A PeopleSoft techno/functiona!l consultant and Tester with over 5 years of IT experience.
Demonstrated ability to buik efficient, reliable teams that work together to achieve goals and
exceed expectations.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Peo, Peoplesoft, Contracts, Billing & AR, Purchasing, AP, Inventory, Treasury, Grants, KK, Order
Management, Travel & Expense and GL modules (Version 9).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Tester
ABC Corporation - April 2002 - November 2003

Key Deliverables:

= Worked with the Gevefopers to identify the design/development errors, to resolve them and
to get the software released to Integration and System testing,

* Developed Test plans and modilied the test plan when required in later stages of testing,

« Tested Unit Testing customization of various SOR Reports,

» Developed Quick Tesi Professional TSL scripts for Library functions for checking Data-
Driven and GUI objects.

» Logged the errors and track them using Quality Center and BLT, co-coomdinated atfons
with the development team lo solve the problems.

« Created script files containing the lest cases using Win Runner that implement the tests
described in the test plan,

» Worked with the developers to identify the desion/development errors, to resolve them and
to get the sotiware released to system testing.

Tester
ABC Corporation - 1998 - 2002

Key Deliverables:

= Test for the standard quality of processes paint.

» Checking tor the viscosity, ph, shade, texture and other teatures tor passing the batch of
paint being processed,

« During my time al Sherman Williams paint company, | performed my work as a tester at
very high standards;

= Got along well with my fellow workers and supervisors and contributed to tha well being of
the company worktorce,

= Skills Used The skills need for testing varies.

« Testers were responsible forthe paint being processes to meet Sherman Williams high
Quality of standards for the finished product, paint.

lee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines