QA TESTER SAMPLE RESUME

6440 Main Street, Dover, DE 76880
(644)532-6997
barryschmiti@ hotmail.com

OA Tester with over 12 years of experience in in creating test plans and writing automated test scripts to pinpoint software
defects. Passesses high-level proficiency with OC and OTP toolsets and a foundation in Java, VB Seript, SOL, Perl, Linux,
Unix and monitoring tools.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GHD GROUP Dover, DE

QA Tester June 2004 — Present

¢ Improving the documentation of QA testing practices to enhance their repeatability, saving time and
money and encouraging testing standardization and best practices.

e Conducting regular meetings with staff over project related information and sharing suggestions on
improving productivity and quality.

¢ Employing a “test-to-break” approach on testing initiatives and clarifying ambiguous requirements
to ensure the effectiveness of all test plans.

¢ Reviewing functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of specific deliverables.

e Contributing to high-reliability technology releases as a result of thorough testing that assists in
maintaining the organization’s industry-leading sales ranking, market share and customer-
satisfaction rating.

JOHNSON CONTROLS Tampa, FL
Assistant QA Tester August 200] — April 2004

e Performed backend database testing in an Oracle environment including validating stored
procedures, jobs and triggers.

e Provided a repository for storing, working and retrieving the case account information thereby
assisting in the provision of superior customer service.

e Identified test requirements from specifications, mapped test case requirements and designed test
coverage plans.

¢ Validated the variables that are sent from online applications to downstream systems.

¢ Noted any potential quality issues per defined process and escalated potential quality issues
immediately to management.

EDUCATION

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY Princeton, NJ
Master of Science Degree in Software Engineering, June 1995

¢ Graduated with distinction

CORNELL UNIVERSITY Ithaca, NY
Bachelor of Science Degree in Camputer Science, June 1995

e Graduated Summa Cum Laude
e Class valedictorian

ADDITIONAL SKILLS