Robe rt S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Emall: (nfog@aywikresume,corm

User Acceptance Tester Website : vore.awikre sume, Com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

User Acceptance Tester is responsible for Conducting usability tests for all major
platforms/devices/operating systems; evaluating usability and functionality issues using real-world
scenarios; collecting detailed metrics, statistics and results frorn such tests in order to create a
comprehensive view of the products performance and functionality,

SKILLS

Testing Plan, Managernent Skills, Quality Assistant.
WORK EXPERIENCE

User Acceptance Tester
ABC Corporation - 2012-2013

Tested graphical user Interfaces (GUI) using a variety of tools as well as systems that can test
the functionality of GUI cornponents (e,g,, JUnit).

Reported findings ta management.

Performed systern Integration testing on a variety of platforms depending on the project,
Maintained an active research agenda to improve the test methodology used by the
organisation.

Conducted user acceptance testing to improve product quality and minimise risk of poor
performance on end users.

Conducted user acceptance test across all platforms, devices and operating systerns.
Selected, updated and deployed appropriate software updates and enable the system to
operate Ina manner acceptable to the customer.

User Acceptance Tester
Delta Corporation - 2006- 2007

Executes tasks assigned by Business Analyst.

Report test progress and quality status,

Participates in project release,

Provided a formal means for ensuring that a new system actually meets the necessary user
requirements, frorn the user or customers perspective.

Authoring and executing test cases Monitor and research all reported issues regarding
Saratoga and Starguest using multiple programs and resources,

Responsible for writing best plans to ensure the quality of third party applications Familiar with
commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures,

Worked effectively as a tearm player within a department of four UA Testers compiling a
Standard Operating Procedure to strearnline position for future,

EDUCATION
G:E.D

O Ths Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresurne com. Usage Gubie lings