PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced office manager highly skilled at administering business needs with efficiency and accuracy.
Possess more than 13 years' experience coordinating operation needs and providing administrative support
to improving team productivity.

Patient-oriented Ophthalmic Technician with a 18 year background performing diagnostic testing and patient
administrative tasks. Welcoming and supportive with the ability to provide patient services to over 60 patients
each day.

21 years of healthcare office experience. Proficient in record keeping, appointment setting and insurance
processing. Offering an expert ability to coordinate staff and communicate with patients. Dedicated to
business success and adept at supporting all staff and customer needs. Able to take on multiple simultaneous
tasks with excellent time management abilities and a resourceful approach. Focused, dependable, hard
working and professional communication abilities.

« Leadership e Detail-oriented
¢ Ability to work under pressure ¢ Efficient
e Excellent multi-tasking ability e Teamwork
e Organizational skills e Customer service
e Deadline driven ¢ Office management
e Fast learner e Scheduling
e Responsible ¢ Bilingual in English and Spanish
TESTING SITE LEAD SPECIALIST 11/2020 to CURRENT

Abm | Wilmington, NC

« Actively assist patients with COVID-19.

e Collect, arrange and input information into database system.

e Make sure employees follow employee testing guidelines, patient contact and patient registration.
e Maintain overall safe work environment by always supervising staff wear proper PPE.

e Schedule employee appointments and prepare testing kits for daily employee testing.

e Develop and update tracking spreadsheets.

e Keep track of inventory to order or purchase supplies accordingly.

e Complete end of day reports.

« Manage employee schedules.

OFSICE MANAGER 09/2010 to 08/2020
Northshore | Vernon Hills, IL

e Supervised, hired, managed and trained office staff.

e Managed time and attendance activities, such as sickness, vacation, overtime, etc.

e Managed schedules and regulate scheduling conflicts as they arise.

e Offered an expert ability to coordinate staff and communicate with patients.

¢ Strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets.

e Prepared office and surgery reports.

e Processed payments, prepared and established bank deposits.

e Oversaw office inventory activities, including ordering, shipment receiving and stocking.

e Established efficient workflow processes, monitored daily productivity and implemented modifications to
improve overall effectiveness of personnel and activities.

e Proficient in record keeping and insurance processing.

e Handled general administrative duties. such as filing. faxing, copies, scanning, etc.

e Answered multi line phone system, scheduled appointments and answered patients questions or
concerns.

e Facilitate timely check-in by greeting patients and established the purpose of their visit.

¢ Verified insurances, posted payments and billing.

e Surgery scheduling - obtaining patients medical history, consents, etc.

e Explained pre- and post-operative procedures to patients and carefully reviewed surgical plans.

e Prepared all surgery forms.

e Prescribed eye drops, electronically to pharmacy or over the phone.

e Scheduled all post-operative appointments.

e Created hospital orders.

e Patient work up - obtained chief complaint , ocular history, medical history, medications. allergies and
past surgeries.

e Measured and recorded visual acuities, performed refractions and instilled anesthetic drops to check
eye pressure.

e Obtained Keratometer, Lensometer, Autorefractor. IOL Master and all diagnostic imaging and testing.

e Operate ophthalmic equipment for patient eye examinations and prepared patients for examinations
and surgeries.

AFLIA LEAD DONOR PROCESSOR/PHLEBOTOMIST/CERTIFIED DESIGNATED 02/2008 to 12/2010
TRAINER

Talecris Plasma Resources | City, STATE

e Verified donor identification to prevent cross donation.

e Created and maintained donor records to ensure accurate and up to date information.
e Conducted pre-donation medical screening in accordance with established guidelines.
e Made sure all machines were calibrated properly.

e Obtained donor vital signs, checked weight, temperature and pulse.

e Performed a finger stick to collect blood in order to test hematocrit and total protein.

e Performed donor pre donation history screening.

e Ensured all donor screening information was complete and accurate prior to donation.
e Performed clerical duties. such as data entry, answering phone and filing.

e Monitored expiration of medical supplies.

e Prepared employee schedules.

e Ensured all procedures in front area were being performed accordingly to the SOP.

e Cleaned and maintained front area as necessary to ensure donor and employee safety.
e Maintained efficient and fast work flow.

e Trained employees.

e Crossed trained as phlebotomist.

OFCITHALMIC MEDICAL ASSISTANT 06/2000 to 02/2008
Southwest Texas Eye Care Associates | City, STATE

e Patient work up - obtained chief complaint , ocular history, medical history, medications. allergies and
past Surgeries.

e Measured and recorded visual acuities.

e Instilled anesthetic drops to check eye pressure.

e« Obtained amsler grid testing and color vision testing.

e« Obtained Autorefractor, Lensometer, Keratometer, IOL Master, Heidelberg Retinal Tomography, Optical
Coherence Tomography, etc.

e Assisted in laser treatments and minor procedures.

« Obtained external photos and retinal photos.

e Certified that equipment and supplies were properly maintained for quality patient care and safety.

« Explained pre- and post-operative procedures to patients and carefully reviewed surgical plans.

« Prepared all surgery forms.

«  Scribed for doctor.

e Trained new technicians.

« Ordered supplies.

Southwest Texas Junior College, Eagle Pass, TX

August 2005 - December 2006

January 2010 - May 2010

GED 05/2000
Eagle Pass High School, Eagle Pass, TX

| was an honor roll student with all gifted classes and accomplished several Presidential awards.