SKILLS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

EDUCATION

WORK HISTORY

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

« Methodical and Logical data analysis e« Data trending knowledge
« Collaborative Leadership approach fo Problem e¢ Change management
Solving « Problem-solving
« Meet deadlines consistently e Functional & Business Requirements
« Business intelligence e Strategic planning
« Analyzing investment opportunities e« Testing and Conversion Plans

« Risk assessment
« Budget administration

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop over 120+ Agile Driven Development Test Cases

« Collaborated as Product Owner with team of 11 in the development for the State of Idaho Child Care
payment processing migration of 4.2 million

« Led a diverse team to migrate the LIHEAP System to a Windows based environment (tentative customer
population of 50,000)

« Product Owner & Team won 3 awards for highest software quality

« Implemented over 495,000 Health Care 1095B's to customers

« Over 3 successful migrations for the Arlington Fire Department software application

« Collaborated with Executive Chiefs for the first Annual Department Report in 15+ years

« Award Winning Initiative for the Light Response Vehicle at the Transforming Local Government
Conference

e Experienced Hands-on Business Analyst and Project Manager with over 9+years of experience in
designing, implementing, and working with multi-facets of business with the goal of improving and
creating value.

e Expert in business intelligence tracking

e Incorporates the business and financial driven needs for financial tracking along with forecasting

e Collaboration with Leadership, business team, and technical staff to develop strategic plans for future
growth

e Excellent reputation for resolving problems. improving customer satisfaction, and driving overall
operational improvements. Consistently saved costs while increasing profits.

Bachelor of Science | IT Project Management 01/2005
Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT

SOFTWARE TESTING LEAD (BUSINESS ANALYST) 08/2018 to 09/2019
Captech Richmond | Raleigh, NC

e Built library of models and reusable knowledge-base assets to produce consistent and streamlined
business intelligence results via industruty BPMN standards & Activiti application

e Researched and resolved issues regarding integrity of data flow into Oracle databases with JavaScript

e Reviewed files, records and other documents to obtain business information and key data in order to
respond to development requests.

e Assessed strategic implications of business intelligence data for the Department of Health and Welfare
and development and strategic testing initiatives

e Led cross-functional teams to analyze and understand enterprise-wide operational impacts and
opportunities of technology changes.

e Mapped process activities to identify shortfalls and identify options to rectify operational inefficiencies
utilizing Agile Test Driven Development standards.

PRODUCT OWNER 12/2015 to 08/2018
Equiniti | Remote, FL

e Collaborated with development team on application services and tasks. Created an implementation
strategy

e Owned and prioritized product backlog.

e Managed implementation of new features by outlining plans and specifications such as how, where and
when each component would work.

e Focused on building critical features up front in order to identify constraints and technical challenges.

e Allocated and approved team resource usage.

e Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.

e Monitored network performance and provided network performance statistical reports for both real-time
and historical measurements.

e Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.

e Maximized productivity with delivery of onsite training for business users.

DéOA PORTAL MANAGER & SQL DBA 04/2014 to 12/2015
State Of Montana | City, STATE

e Created positioning and key messages to differentiate business solutions and products in market.

e Updated quality control standards, methods and procedures to meet compliance requirements.

e Increased customer satisfaction and repeat business through relentless pursuit of resolutions to
problems arising from, protecting company reputation and loyal client base.

e Increased customer satisfaction and repeat business through relentless pursuit of resolutions to
problems arising from , protecting company reputation and loyal client base.

e Increased customer satisfaction and repeat business through relentless pursuit of resolutions to
problems arising from Socrata application, protecting company reputation and loyal client base.

e Assisted with proactive client outreach initiatives

e Collaborated with team to define business requirements for organizational processes, achieve
productivity standards and adhere to accuracy standards.

e Implemented system enhancements to propose, design and develop solutions to fulfill requests and
address problem reports.

e Applied knowledge from Certification in SQL Server 2014 Database administration and over 4+years of
experience to develop custom database objects, stored procedures and application support.

e Maintained complex T-SQL queries, views and stored procedures in multi-database environment with
little supervision.

e Managed workload independently but collaborated with colleagues to complete larger scale tasks in
distributed team environment.

e Created optimal technical solutions to user needs through research and in-depth system analysis.

e Followed standard practices for migrating changes to test and production environments and provided
technology support to meet business requirements.

SECIOR OPERATIONS ANALYST 07/2007 to 04/2014
Arlington Fire Department | City, STATE

e Utilized FireHouse, Crystal Reports and Microsoft Access. and SQL Server scripts , spreadsheets and
models.

« Created models to forecast and predict quantitative and comparative evaluations of various business
solutions.

e« Sorted product and provided expertise on non-conforming product requirements.

e« Improved quality processes for increased efficiency and effectiveness.

« Determined and recommended methods to address improvement opportunities.

« Possessed expert knowledge of competitive and third party products and translated knowledge into
business strategy.

« Presented metric reporting and monthly and annually to Chief's, teams and team and clients.

« Provided observations, took measurements and performed tests at various stages according to quality
control plan.

e« Updated quality control standards, methods and procedures to meet compliance requirements.

« Coordinated with Executive team in developing project plans for prioritized initiatives.

¢ Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)