WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

PROFESSIONAL ©

SUMMARY

SKILLS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WORK HISTORY ©

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

« = https:/Awwwlinkedin.com/in/JessicaClaire

Technical Test Lead with 6+ years of experience in Manual and Automation Testing for Back-End Systems in
Retail Domain. Proven track record of successfully leading Automation QA effort for migration of Back-End
Systems. Expertise in Automation Framework Design, Implementation, Coding and Maintenance. Self-driven
and self-motivated person with great communication and presentation skills.

« Test Automation e Web-service creation

e JAVA « ASP.NET

« Back-End Testing e Maven

« SOA Testing e JIRA

e JAVA Spring MVC e Excellent problem-solving abilities

« JSON e Excellent communication and presentation skills

« MySQL, Mongo DB, IBM DB2

e Successfully lead the Automation Effort during Back-End System Migration.

e Designed and implemented OVS (Order Validation Service), an Automated Back-End Regression Test
Suite which saved up to 70% in testing time when compared to manual labor. OVS is created to aid with
the aforementioned Migration Effort and also with daily Regression Tests.

e Designed and implemented COMETS (COMprehensive End-to-end Testing Service), a helper tool for
Manual Testing. Resulted in savings of up to 90% in testing time for Individual Test Case Execution
during Manual Testing.

TECHNICAL TESTING LEAD 04/2015 to CURRENT
Infinite Campus | Blaine, MN

e Coordinate with product development engineers and business to design test plans and analyse
functional and non-functional requirements for automation tests.

e Identifying projects/ components of projects that can be validated using automation.

e Requirement gathering and analysis of modules identified for automation.

e Design and implement automated test suites and also tools that help in manual execution.

¢ Scaling up of existing automation test suite by incremental additions.

e Code development, review and maintenance.

e Developing services for running automation test scripts.

e Documentation of code changes and versions.

e Regression and Functional Testing.

e Documentation of test results and status reporting.

e Leading an offshore team for automation.

TEOT ANALY ST 2013 to 04/2015
Charter Spectrum | Albany, NY

e Delivered automated modules for back end testing for a retail client.

e Developed automated scripts in JAVA Spring framework.

e Tested end to end flows for fulfilment of goods through various channels via automation and manual
effort.

e Being trained in both JAVA and ASP.NET, helped in creating and mentoring multiple tools to help with
manual testing.

e Lead a4 member team at offshore.

TEOT ENGINEER 07/2009 to 12/2012
Infosys Limited | City, STATE

e Trained in ASP.NET during internship at Infosys Limited.

e Trained in JAVA after joining a business unit.

e Started with basic regression testing for a U.S based retail client.

e Performed production support tasks for 9 months which included daily monitoring of Production and
Pilot sites.

e Moved to back-end system testing due to interest in databases.

e Worked on both DB2 and MySQL databases during this time.

e Chosen as one of the initial two to handle migration of the project from WCS to an in-house framework
called OMS (Order Management System).

e Came up with the idea of a Post-Order/ Back-End Testing Automation suite which kick-started
automation career.

Bachelor of Science | Information Technology 2009
Amrita School Of Engineering, Amritapuri, Kollam, India

« CGPA of 7.1.

e« Advisory Board member for Students Association of Information Technology.
« Class Representative for second semester.

« Hosted multiple events as an MC.

e« Second prize for Western Music Solo at Amritolsavam 2008.

« 2008 ICPC organizing committee member.

« Basics of CPG Retailing, Infosys, 2010.

« Technology 101 - JEE Elective, Infosys Limited, 2011.

« Introduction to Retailing, Infosys Limited, 2011-

« Basics of Transportation and Logistics, Infosys Limited, 2012.

« Technology 201 - JEE Elective, Infosys Limited, 2012.

« Testing Foundation Certification, Infosys Limited, 2013 (Equivalent to ISTQB foundation level
certification).