ROBERT SMITH

Tester-Fresher

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Technically-adept Tester with advanced knowledge of MS Office Suite and experience creating
Excel databases and PowerPoint presentations for top executives,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, SNMP, CIM, DMI, DevOps, Agile, Scrum.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Tester-Fresher
ABC Corporation - May 1998 - October 1998

Key Deliverables:

* Tested the conligurad platiorms on WinS5, WinS8, and NT in ditferent languages for
hardware and sottware compatibility,

= Six different platforms in the Commercial Desktop Division were thoroughly tested for error-
free shipment to business clients all over the workd.

» Configure to Order sysiems were checked from ROM BiOs up to remote management of
the systems including but not limited to the performance of multimedia,

« Regression testing was performed to ensure the resolution of probiems through:a proper
and scientific method,

* Chairing meetings for testers and developers ensuring quality problem investigation and
resolution,

* Working with project managers laying out test plans and implementation of proper strateay
for various projects.

« Creating a regression suite using fitness involved in the execution of functional and
regression tasiing.

Tester
ABC Corporation - 1997 — 1998

Key Deliverables:

=» New York, Pennsylvania; North Carolina, and South Carolina.

* Would review tha ticket, test the line and resolve the problem if possible and sent the report
to the local repair center it a technician was needed to be dispatched to the customers
location,

* Would contact the customer via telephone, cell phone or email to keep the customer
updated as to when and how the troubie would be cleared.

« [twas important to make sure the customer was satisfied if at all possible.

» As atester, | tied to stop any escaiations,

* tis important to me that | handle my customers so that they understand that we cared for
them and we wanted them to be happy with our service and satisfied with our products and
services;

——
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines