JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Knowledgeable Registered Nurse with over 30 years of experience in delivering comprehensive patient care. Advanced skill working with
diverse patient populations. Demonstrated ability to foster relationships and coordinate with healthcare professionals to advance patient care.
Compassionate Registered Nurse accustomed to treating diverse patient needs while managing dynamic conditions. Offering excellent clinical
knowledge and judgment combined with strong documentation, vitals monitoring and problem-solving abilities. Well-versed in managing
emergent cases with grace and efficiency. Experienced nursing professional bringing demonstrated clinical expertise, leadership skills and
technical knowledge. Proficient in updating charts, monitoring medications and working with multidisciplinary teams to optimize patient care.
Quality-driven and efficient with strong interpersonal abilities.

SKILLS
« Patient monitoring e Triaging patient concerns
¢ Medical screening e Health care consultation
¢ Unit administration e Patient Care
« Inpatient and outpatient care e Direct and Indirect Patient Care
« Diabetes management e Patient Satisfaction and Process Improvement
e Electronic Health Records Management e IV drug therapy management
e IV and venipuncture certified e Palliative and Pain Management
¢ Patient relations e Nursing Plan Development and Modification
¢ Patient discharging e Administering medicines
¢ Patient education and counseling e Patient Management
« Intake and discharge e Enthusiastic caregiver
¢ Catheters ¢ Updating computer records
e Licensed [State] driver © Follow-up calls
e Diagnostic tools experience e Strong medical ethic
e Taking vitals ¢ Computerized charting specialist
* Workflow Optimization e Emotional awareness
¢ Mobility assistance ¢ Monitoring vital signs
e Family and patient support ¢ Broad medical terminology knowledge

« Managing personal care
EXPERIENCE

04/2001 to Current PREADMISSION TESTING REGISTERED NURSE
BRADFORD REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER - City, STATE

« Conducted patient assessments and diagnostic tests to provide physician with important patient health information.

e Answered patient questions and provided take-home materials for further information.

e Guided therapeutic communication, conflict resolutions and interventions by deflecting undesirable behaviors to
assist patients with developing and amplifying coping skills.

e Consistently maintained core measures, patient satisfaction and HCAPs above [Number]%.

¢ Treated patients suffering from chronic and acute medical concerns, including asthma, seizure disorders and
pneumonia.

¢ Delivered direct patient care, including stabilizing patients and identifying treatment options.

¢ Communicated with primary care physicians or emergency care providers to relay patient needs.

¢ Developed and adapted individualized treatment plans according to patient recovery goals.

¢ Completed and maintained personal Performance-Based Development System (PBDS) standards to show
consistent clinical competency and sound judgment.

© Coordinated with clinical staff to keep patients updated and informed on care issues, including discharge delays,
equipment inaccessibility and procedure postponements.

e Assessed patient health needs by reviewing and tracking EKG readings to address telemetry readings and quickly
inform teammates on stability or acuity changes.

e Reached out to patients to convey lab results and provide care instructions.

e Oversaw patient admission and discharge processes to coordinate efficient movements and related paperwork.

¢ Participated in hospital-wide initiatives and committees to improve patient care, satisfaction and safety.

e Assessed patients’ response to treatment and suggested ways to combat side effects.

¢ Counseled patients and caregivers, providing emotional, psychological and spiritual support.

¢ Collected lab specimens, ordering and interpreting diagnostic tests and lab results.

© Updated physicians on patient test results and assisted in developing care plans.

e Cultivated working partnerships with patients and medical staff members, using feedback and clinical data to
improve quality care and patient outcomes.

* Consistently assessed and evaluated patients’ health needs by coordinating across medical disciplines to create,
implement and modify personalized care plans.

04/2001 to 12/2014 REGISTERED NURSE; SAME DAY SURGERY/PACU
BRADFORD REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER - City, STATE

© Developed and implemented individualized care plans to meet each patients’ unique needs.

¢ Delivered physician-ordered treatments and monitored responses to quickly spot complications and side effects.

© Cared expertly for individuals with wide array of medical issues such as pulmonary, cardiology and infectious
disease patients.

e Assessed patients using comprehensive evaluation techniques and sound clinical judgment.

e Recorded any action or behavior of clinical significance in [System] chart and kept physicians informed.

e Responded to emergency situations with speed, expertise and level-headed approaches to provide optimal care,
support and life-saving interventions.

e Consistently maintained core measures, patient satisfaction and HCAPs above [Number]%.

e Cared for patients recovering from [Type] and [Type] procedures and provided personalized daily assistance.

e Participated in continuing education programs and [Type] workshops to enhance training and nursing knowledge.

e Executed appropriate steps for patient treatment following careful review of physician medical regimen.

e Administered oral, IV and intra-muscular medications and monitored patient reactions.

e Provided skilled direct nursing care to [Type] patients in [Type] department.

e Answered patient questions and provided take-home materials for further information.

e Evaluated and adjusted life support equipment, tubing and peripheral devices providing critical assistance to fragile
patients.

© Used facility EMR system to update patient records, transmit prescriptions and transfer files.

¢ Helped patients and families feel comfortable during challenging and stressful situations, promoting recovery and
reducing compliance issues.

e Treated patients by administering various types of medications and therapies.

e Observed strict safety measures, including checking medication dosages before administration to patients.

Monitored and recorded patient condition, vital signs, recovery progress and medication side effects.

© Monitored post-op vitals, set up PCA, fluids, reviewed post-op orders and assimilated patients to unit.

e Administered oral, intramuscular and IV medications to patients and monitored responses.

e Administered scheduled medications and therapies intravenously, rectally, orally, subcutaneously and via
intramuscular injections while overseeing pain management plans.

e Communicated with primary care physicians or emergency care providers to relay patient needs.

¢ Delivered information regarding care and medications to patients and caregivers in comprehendible terminology.

e Assessed patient conditions, monitored behaviors and updated supervising physicians with observations and
concerns.

© Coordinated with healthcare team to establish, enact and evaluate patient care plans.

e Maintained strict patient data procedures to comply with HIPAA laws and prevent information breaches.

06/1989 to 04/2001 REGISTERED NURE
SURGICAL ASSOCIATED OF BRADFORD - City, STATE

¢ Coordinated care with physicians and other clinical staff to prepare for treatment, carry out interventions and
enhance continuum of care to deliver comprehensive services.

¢ Conducted patient assessments and diagnostic tests to provide physician with important patient health information.

¢ Delivered direct patient care. including stabilizing patients and identifying treatment options.

© Delivered care to [Number] patients per day, including coordinating and evaluating interdisciplinary care.

¢ Reached out to patients to convey lab results and provide care instructions.

¢ Collaborated with doctors to plan post-treatment home care and prevent return hospitalization due to complications.

e Instructed patients, caregivers and families on diagnoses, treatment options and self-management to maintain
continuity of care.

e Answered patient questions and provided take-home materials for further information.

e Maintained adequate unit supplies to meet expected patient demands.

© Boosted patient outcomes by prioritizing nursing tasks and assignments and accurately reporting on each patient's
status.

© Updated physicians on patient test results and assisted in developing care plans.

¢ Communicated with primary care physicians or emergency care providers to relay patient needs.

e Assisted patients with healing and recovery after surgery by closely monitoring and caring for wounds, answering
questions and educating about continued care strategies.

e Assessed patients’ response to treatment and suggested ways to combat side effects.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

05/1987 Associate of Science: NURSING
University Of Pittsburgh - Bradford - Bradford, PA