PROFILE

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

High-energy Manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. Cultivates a company culture in
which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concerns, as well as contributing new ideas that
drive company growth.

« Competent trainer

« Skilled in meeting customer and stakeholder
needs

« Capable implementing LEAN, Agile, SCRUM

« Able to leverage people's individual skills

« Understanding employee rights and
responsibilities

e Familiar with Union Collective Bargaining
agreements

« Operating Systems: Windows 8, 7, Vista, Mac
OS X, iOS, Android, some Linux

e« Technologies: Desktop workstations, mobile
tablets & phones, SQL, HTML, CSS

e Software: Visual Studio 2010-2013, Office
2007-2013, Visio, SharePoint, Project

TESTING AND QUALITY ASSURANCE SUPERVISOR 04/2014 to CURRENT
Engility Corporation | Fort Lewis, WA

e Provide leadership to a team of nine software testers.

e Oversee day to day activities and operations of the team.

e Maximize in house capacities and maintain efficient daily operations.

e Perform recruitment tasks, interviews, and training.

« Monitor facility staff.

e Complete annual, trial and probationary performance evaluations.

e Understand and work within Union Collective Bargaining agreements.

e Establish relationships with appropriate project members and stakeholders on projects.

e Understand and apply project management principles and practices to meet business objectives.

¢ Participate in the application design process.

e Facilitate communication during the final phase of the project's release to meet timelines.

e Understand and leverage all phases of a project life cycle: kick-off, requirements, system, integration,
regression and acceptance testing.

e Lead or serve as technical advisor on projects.

e Recognize mission critical information that affects business rules and release.

e Identify user responsibilities and ownership.

e Adhere to the Software Development Life Cycle and practice transparent communication.

SC TWARE TESTER 03/2000 to 04/2014
Bayer Inc. | Kansas City, MO

e Perform end-to-end testing on all major Dept.

e of Revenue applications.

e Understand and apply project management principles and practices to meet business objectives.

e Participate in the application design process.

e Lead teams on quality improvement and feasibility studies for enterprise wide deployments.

e Facilitate communication during the final phase of the project's release to meet timelines.

e Coordinate application feedback among technical leads and stakeholders to ensure a collaborative
resolution to post implementation problems.

e Write test plans and test cases.

e Execute test cases that impact enterprise level applications.

e Understand and leverage all phases of a project life cycle: kick-off, requirements, system, integration,
regression and acceptance testing.

e Use automated test runs for simple regression tests.

e Recognize mission critical information that affects business rules and application functionality.

e Identify user responsibilities and ownership.

e Coordinate the configuration of test environments.

e Utilize Microsoft Visual Studio, Test Manager, Visual SourceSafe, SQL Server and Query Analyzer.

e Write and run SQL update, insert, and query scripts for querying database tables to assist in testing.

e Offer test priorities to guide stakeholders, developers, and other testers during testing phases.

e Adhere to the Software Development Life Cycle and practice transparent communication.

e Review trends that impact current applications like mobile devices.

e Participate in facilitating employee satisfaction surveys.

e Travel throughout the State in accordance with DOR and WA state policy.

OFCIRATIONS LEAD 04/1998 to 03/2000
Department Of Information Services | City, STATE

e Oversee 12 or more staff in a 24/7 computer mainframe operations environment.

e Assume supervisor's duties in their absence.

e Manage multiple resources and priorities during shifts.

e Resolve conflicts in staff scheduling, and make decisions adjusting the work flow.

e Travel in accordance with DIS and WA state policy.

e Participate in disaster recovery exercises.

e Troubleshooting and diagnose hardware/software system failures on large mainframes.

e Regulate or restructure the processing priority and resources of the system ensuring maximum
performance for job completion.

e Document and track problem incidents, coordinate a plan with the client and technical analysts to
resolve the issue.

e Notify customers of system problems or processing delays.

e Test new software and hardware installations.

e Equipment and Software used, IBM S390, IBM ES9000, UNISYS 2200/600, ACES (Automated Client
Eligibility System), CA-7/CA-11, OS/390, Clear Path platform, JCL/TSO, JES2/JES3, Quick Scan, STAR
and CA-1.

Programming/Database Management JUNE 2006
South Puget Sound Community College, Olympia, WA
Programming/Database Management

AsCociate of Technical Arts | Electronics Technology JUNE 1992
Centralia Community College, Centralia, WA
Electronics Technology

| Agile, application design, CA-1. CA-11, CA-7, Excellent communication, hardware, CSS, Client, database,

disaster recovery, feasibility studies, HTML, IBM, ES9000, JCL, JES2, JES3. leadership, Linux, Mac OS,
mainframe, mainframes, Office, Windows 8, enterprise, Operating Systems, OS/390, project management,
quality improvement, Quick, recruitment, research. scheduling, scripts, Software Development, Visual
SourceSafe, SQL Server, SQL, supervisor, tables, phones, trainer, Troubleshooting, TSO, UNISYS, Visio,
Vista, Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual Studio