EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

CERTIFICATIONS

LANGUAGES

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© Associate of Arts | SKIN CARE 08/2008

BELL SCHOOL oF AMERICA, MIAMI

AsCociate of Science | Phlebotomy.ekg ,pct.cna .SKIN CARE 03/2004
International Training Careers, Miami, FL

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Meticulous and systematic PHLEBOTOMY
bringing top-notch skills in inspection, testing and quality assurance. Proven skills in meeting demanding
standards, maintaining safety and strengthening [Type] and [Type] materials production. Skilled at creating
detailed reports, maintaining records and working with management to resolve concerns.

© « Packaging and Shipping Support ¢ Documentation and Recordkeeping
e Equipment Function Testing e Time Management
e Manufacturing Enhancement e Inspection and Testing Reports
e Corrective Action Recommendations e Specifications Conformance
-) TESTING TECHNICIAN 08/2020 to CURRENT

Smart Wires Inc | Durham, NC

e Provided recommendations for improvements in assembly or testing procedures.

e Attended training to gain knowledge of program needs for test failure diagnosis and repair.
e Communicated product failures and testing problems with [Type] department.

e Installed laboratory equipment and instrumentation for tests, research and process control.
e Analyzed material to determine strength, stability and diagnose performance problems.

e Collaborated with production department to resolve technical problems.

e Tabulated detailed records of test results and statistics to report to [Type] department.

PFOEBOTOMY TECHNICIAN 07/2015 to 03/2021
Lifepoint Hospitals | Johnstown, PA

¢ Collected blood samples using vacutainer tubes, tourniquets, syringes, butterfly needles, and straight
needles.

e Followed physician orders to correctly administer therapeutic phlebotomy.

e Labeled transfer tubes and followed exact directions for handling and storing specimens for transport.

e Centrifuged blood samples as outlined in clinical protocols.

e Resolved unusual test orders by contacting physicians, nursing stations or reference laboratories.

e Organized daily work based on collection priority.

e Performed bedside tests like bleeding time tests and entered results into patient charts.

Cha 02/2019 to 07/2020
Garfield County Public Hospital District No.1 | Pomeroy, WA

e Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant
symptoms.

e Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.

e Supported ambulation and physical therapy needs by conducting planned exercise routines.

e Participated in fun group activities with patients to boost mood, improve overall memory and provide
light entertainment.

e Checked patient vitals such as temperature, blood pressure and blood sugar levels.

e Answered call lights and supported patient comfort and safety by adjusting bed rails and equipment.

e Offered immediate assistance in emergency and routine paging situations to evaluate needs and
deliver care.

e Delivered individualized patient care by recording vital signs, documenting observations, administering
treatments and evaluating patient needs.

Cha 02/2007 to 02/2010
Garfield County Public Hospital District No.1 | Pomeroy, WA

e Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant
symptoms.

e Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.

e Participated in fun group activities with patients to boost mood, improve overall memory and provide
light entertainment.

e Checked patient vitals such as temperature, blood pressure and blood sugar levels.

e  Conferred with multidisciplinary healthcare team to help effectively manage patient conditions with
regular testing and vitals assessments.

e Cared for residents in assisted living facility and delivered high-quality support to meet needs.

e Promoted good oral and personal hygiene by aiding patients with shaving, bathing and teeth brushing.

e Supported ambulation and physical therapy needs by conducting planned exercise routines.

e Oversaw and maintained patients' rooms, group living areas and nurse stations.

¢ Obtained biological specimens for ordered tests and prepared for laboratory transport.

e Delivered individualized patient care by recording vital signs, documenting observations, administering
treatments and evaluating patient needs.

e Offered immediate assistance in emergency and routine paging situations to evaluate needs and
deliver care.

e Maintained patient stability by checking vital signs and weight and recording intake and outtake
information.

¢ Collaborated with physicians to design at-home medication guidelines and educated patients and
families on correct medication administration.

¢ Maintained best-in-class standards for individualized care in [Number]-bed unit by continuously
checking in with patients and families and quickly providing care.

e = [Area of certification] Training - [Timeframe]CNA,PHLEBOTOMY,EKG.SKIN CARE ,PCT

Spanish:
Negotiated: