Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL © Experienced medical assistant with extensive knowledge of medical regulations and policies. Offers strong
SUMMARY dedication to informed patient care, administrative excellence and confidentiality.

Reliable Medical Support professional with & years of experience in a health care environment. Expertly assist

with office operations and physician support by gathering patient information, recording vital signs and

assisting physicians with various in office procedures. Cheerful during each patient interaction to improve

satisfaction ratings and patient retention.

Well-qualified Personal Care worker skilled in delivering top-quality home care support. Effective at

ambulating patients, meeting personal grooming needs and administering medications. Detail-oriented in

maintaining clean and organized personal areas to support daily living safety.

Focused and attentive Medication Aide offering 8 years of healthcare expertise. Energetic and personable

with thorough knowledge of medication, potential side effects and adverse reactions. Skilled in administering

topical, oral, nasal and sublingual medications. Well-versed in monitoring vital signs for indications of

medication issues and general health changes.

Skilled and adaptable customer service experience as well as Knowledgeable with computer-related

programs(MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc.). Can utilize these skills to provide exceptional communications,

presentations and spreadsheets meeting diverse administrative needs. Dedicated to maximizing customer

satisfaction and exceeding business objectives with organized approach and strong multitasking abilities.

SKILLS © e Simple Dressings e Monitoring Patient Progress
« Inventory and Supply Management « Companionship and Emotional Support
¢ Point of care testing e Ambulating and repositioning patients
« Adaptable e Wound care specialist
« Patient bathing e Tube feedings and medications familiarity
« Emptying catheter bags e Patient Scheduling
« CPR e Electronic health records
« Topical medication application e Vital signs monitoring
e« Medication Administration e State regulations knowledge
« First aid and safety e Customer service
« Team building « Problem resolution
« Cleaning e« Meal Preparation
« Patient Bathing e MS Office
« Communications e Team Bonding
« Process improvement e Strategic Planning
« Good listening skills e Creative problem solving/A3 process
e« Medical terminology knowledge e Professional telephone demeanor
WORK HISTORY «© COVID-19 SUPPORT TEAM AND PRE-OP TESTING 05/2020 to 07/2020

Christiana Care Health System | Carneys Point, NJ

During this pandemic, when everything was on quarantine and the state was shut down, all elective surgeries
were halted and rescheduled. This was for about 2 months. After the state was opened, CDC required all
hospitals to have every elective surgery patient test for COVID-19 before their surgeries. | was in charge of
calling patients to get their tests scheduled prior to surgery as well as answer any COVID-19 related
questions they may have had. They had to have these tests done exactly 3 days before surgery so it was
imperative that we called these patients and went above and beyond to get them in to have surgery in time. If
they did not get these done then their surgeries were to be rescheduled.

A lot of patients did not reside in Topeka, and they would have to drive very far to get this done. Several
requested that they get their testing done at a hospital or clinic setting that tested for COVID-19. | would
communicate with these out-of-network providers to ensure that we get their test completed and the results
sent to us so that they can have these surgeries in time.

- | called patients daily to get on schedules. | would keep in touch with their primary care providers so they are
aware of what testing needs done prior to surgery.

- Asked patients what symptoms they may have that are COVID-19 related, so that | can assure the safety of
our employees as well as other patients and themselves before they came to their surgeries.

- Communicated with the COVID-19 team and hotline to ensure patient safety, as well as ensure the quality of
care was Satisfactory.

MI_DICAL ASSISTANT 08/2018 to 07/2020
Stormont Vail/Cotton O'neil Clinic | City, STATE

e Enhanced patient outcomes by providing knowledgeable education on procedures. medications and
other physician instructions.

e Sanitized, restocked and organized exam rooms and medical equipment.

e Oriented and trained new staff on proper procedures and policies.

e Updated inventory. expiration and vaccine logs to maintain current tracking documentation.

e Kept medical supplies in sufficient stock by monitoring levels and submitting replenishment orders
before depleted.

e Explained procedures to patients to reduce anxieties and increase patient cooperation.

e Completed clinical procedures and gathered patient data for interpretation by physician.

e Conducted preliminary evaluations, including measuring weight, temperature and blood pressure, and
documented results with accuracy.

« Communicated clearly and effectively with patients to verify information, determine purpose of visit and
record medical history.

e Implemented care and efficiency improvements to support and enhance office operations.

e Balanced, calibrated and recorded appropriate hemodynamic data.

e Collected all pertinent data and calculations to aid physician in interpreting results.

e Directed patients to exam rooms, fielded questions and prepared for physician examinations.

e Arranged surgeries with surgical center, confirming times with patients and preparing admission and
consent forms.

e Attended required training, education and meetings.

MUNTAL HEALTH/DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY TECHNICIAN 03/2012 to 08/2018
Kansas Neurological Institute | City, STATE

e Assisted people whom | cared for with mobility needs, including moving to and from beds, organizing
wheelchairs and preparing assistive devices.

e Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize
treatment planning and care delivery.

e Helped the individuals whom | cared for to effectively manage routine bathing, grooming and other
hygiene needs.

e Promoted good oral and personal hygiene by aiding clients with shaving, bathing and teeth brushing.

e Maximized individual satisfaction by helping individuals carry out personal tasks such as dressing and
walking.

e Participated in various activities with the individuals who | cared for to boost mood. improve overall
memory and provide meaningful life.

e Reported any unusual or urgent circumstances in patients' condition or environment immediately to
Nursing staff and risk management.

e Administered medications or treatments such as daily routine medications, breathing treatments,
suppositories, enemas, etc. as directed by nurse

¢ Collaborated with peers and attended weekly homestaff meetings to brainstorm new activities for
individuals and discuss ways to resolve issues.

DILECT SUPPORT STAFF/CNA/HHA 06/2016 to 01/2017
Loving Hearts Training Center | City, STATE

e Assisted patients with mobility needs, including moving to and from beds, organizing wheelchairs and
preparing assistive devices.

e Gathered dietary information, assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve
nutritional objectives and support weliness goals.

e Promoted good oral and personal hygiene by aiding patients with shaving, bathing and teeth brushing.

e Oversaw and maintained patients' rooms, group living areas and nurse stations.

e Facilitated activities of daily living, including personal hygiene management, feeding and ambulation.

e Helped patients effectively manage routine bathing, grooming and other hygiene needs.

e Coordinated daily medicine schedules and administration to help clients address symptoms and
enhance quality of life.

e Completed entries in log books, journals and care plans to document accurately report patient

progress.

EDUCATION ¢

High School Diploma
Mission Valley Junior And Senior High School, Eskridge, KS

Nc Degree | General Studies
Allen County Community College, Burlingame, KS

Nc Degree | General Studies For Practical Nursing Degree
Highland Community College Technical Center, Atchison, KS

CERTIFICATIONS © e Certified Nurse Assistant (CNA)
« A3 problem solving training

« Certified Medication Aid

« BLS CPR/AED certified