David Dominic

FUNCTIONAL TESTER

0 e in
info@resumekraft.com  +1-202-555-0114 Chicago, Illinois, US — https: /Avww_linkedin.com/n/david

Tools summary
e Selenium Over 5 years of |T experience in Automation Testing, Functional Testing
e QMETRY practices, methodologies, and standards. Comprehensive knowledge of

software development life cycle and quality assurance methodologies

© JIRA like Analyzing Test Requirements, Defect cycle management.

e RPA UiPath Studio

Work Experience
Career graph
Project2: UMGI - PIXIE

Associate Software Engineer Functonal Tester Sep 2076 - Jan 2018
Info Tech Systems Inc e Analyzing the functional specifications and presenting via demo call to
May 2014 - Oct 2015 onshore design team to convey them in case of irregularities regarding the

Software Engineer test process.

JP Stanley Morgan Tech e Testing Process includes test case design, test data preparation, ingestion,
Oct 2015 - Jan 2018 XML validation and store them in a tool called QMETRY.
e Estimating the roadmap, total time required, manpower of each and every
sprint
Certification e Quick and efficient manual testing on all major modules of the Digital
platform along with smoke testing, End-to-End testing, Maintenance testing
Advance Developer and regression testing.

certification in RPA UiPath e Performing UAT testing during each and every sprint to ensure minimal

flaws incurred, in addition to QA.

e Creation, management of defects through Defect cycle management tool
called JIRA.

e Communicating about the go-live release's changes to the
onshore/offshore operations team to facilitate maximum support from our
side and Provide timely updates about the sprint and peer status with the
Test Manager.

e Carry out regression testing every time when changes are made to the
code to fix defects.

e Experience to run the test cases using Selenium tool.

e Asacritical resource, | have led the team in several occasions especially
during critical phases of the execution.

e Mentoring /guiding Team Members and have assisted them in their career
growth.

e VVorked as an Individual resource thus managing Full Pixie application
from tester end during all phase of the execution

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (IT)
University of Pennsylvania Aug 2070- May 2074