SUMMARY

SKILLS

CERTIFICATIONS

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

EXPERIENCE

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

« Equipment testing and calibration « Diagnosing issues

« Working collaboratively e System updates

« Critical thinking « Program coding

« Reporting and documentation « Customer-oriented

« MS Office e Beginner in Python, C++, Linux
e Penetration testing e« Project documentation

« VMware e Cybersecurity analysis

e New program installations

* AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - 2020
¢ CompTIA Security+ - 2021

Certificate of Completion | Computer And Information Sciences 06/2020
Udemy, Online
« Udemy Coursework Completed: Business Writing & Technical Writing Immersion, Microsoft PowerPoint
From Beginner to Advance, Strategy for Management Consultants & Business Analysts, Communication
Skills Machine: Master Persuasion & Influence, Management Consulting Approach to Problem Solving,
e Udemy Current Coursework: The Complete Nmap Ethical Hacking Course - Networking Security,
Ultimate AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate 2021
e Udemy Relevant Coursework Completed: CompTIA Security+ (SY0-601) with Jason Dion

Ce tificate of Completion | Cyber Security 07/2020
IBM SkillsBuild, Online

Courseworks Completed: CompTIA Security+ Prep, Jump-start: Prepare to be a Security Consultant learning
plan

AV-3 Certificate | Computer And Information Systems Security 08/2020
Per Scholas, Online
14 week (over 50 hours a week) full time training into VMware, Linux, networking, DevOps, version control,

bash scripting, with the following training information: AWS Cloud Training, CompTIA L(Linux+, Network+,
Security+) Trainings

Ba helor of Arts | History And Sociology 05/2011
Mars Hill University, Mars Hill, NC

SITE LEAD, COVID-19 PCR TESTING 01/2022 to CURRENT
Children's Mercy Hospital | Overland Park, KS

e Monitor worksite personnel to maintain high levels of quality and performance.

¢ Comply with operational standards and OSHA regulations.

e Maintain safe operating compliance and verify that operations met best practice standards.

e Retain records of supplies and tools use and tasks perform for each project.

e Communicate with local business owners and community members to facilitate use of resources.

e Delegate daily tasks to team members to optimize group productivity.

e Promoted to leadership position in recognition of strong work ethic and provided exceptional customer
service.

e Foster positive employee relationships through communication, training and development coaching.

e Maintain cleanliness of testing kiosk and testing materials to comply with CDC guidelines.

e Administer required COVID-19 PCR tests and sample collection using proper swabbing technique.

CC_/ID-19 TESTER 04/2021 to 01/2022
Calportland | Tucson, AZ

e Collected and prepared nasal-pharyngeal samples for PCR testing of COVID-19 in accordance with
standard methods and processes.

¢ Maintained cleanliness of testing booth and testing materials to comply with CDC guidelines.

e Followed in-process quality control procedures and performed accurate data entry of patient
information to prepare collected specimens for testing and analysis.

e Facilitate required COVID-19 tests and sample collection using proper swabbing technique.

OFIRATIONS SUPPORT SPECIALIST 04/2017 to 03/2020
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. | Asheville, NC

e Reviewed and analyzed current company processes and identified and recommended improvement
steps to optimize operations.

e Trained and consulted with end-users of proprietary company software, delivered technical support and
tested software to verify proper operation.

e Identified needs of customers promptly and efficiently.

e Enforced company policies, answered coworkers' questions and trained new personnel.

e Identified operational and performance issues and worked with managers to resolve concerns.

e Served as liaison between certain departments to implement new improvement plans and changes.

ASOISTANT STORE MANAGER 05/2016 to 06/2017
Georgetown Running Company | City, STATE

e Assisted in overall day-to-day operations of store, including continuous development of effective store
associates to achieve desired sales and results.

« Oversaw aspects of maintenance, inventory and daily activity management.

« Welcomed customers, offered to help locate items and suggested merchandise without being intrusive
or pushy.

e« Monitored sales floor to identify customers in need of assistance and merchandise in need of
replenishment.