SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

© A position offering the opportunity to advance in the field of management. Extensive experience in

management, customer service, outside and inside sales

Skills:
Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel

Current 4.0 Grade Average

Office of Excellence Award

Top Sales Award Employee of the Year (2002) 2005 President's Top Sales Award Employee of the Year
President's Club Winner-Playa Del Carmen, Mexico 2007

Recognition for Top Sales Representative on sales team

TESTING ADMINISTRATOR 08/2014 to CURRENT
Riley Projects | City, STATE

e Responsible for overseeing electronic testing centers: assist client with job placement, work to welfare
program. TABE & CAPS/COPS/COPES program: protect the integrity of the testing process by
preventing cheating. Assist in the overall performance measurement of staff and center. Provide social
services assistance to low-income clients, by providing gas cards to clients who are currently
participating in SNAP/CHOICES/AWWD and TANF.

MICC/ATTORNEY GENERAL CHILD SUPPORT OFFICER II 07/2011 to 09/2013
Texas Attorney General's Office

e Conducts interviews by phone with custodial and non-custodial parents, relatives, attorneys and other
interested individuals to gather necessary information to verify facts, establish the child support case,
explain procedures for child support processing, and keep accurate information Establishes parentage
and/or enforceable support obligations consistent with the California Child Support Guidelines; locates
absent parents and performs other child support enforcement activities to compel compliance with court
orders; and ensures that information is entered accurately in the case record.

e Monitors and evaluates payment performance by reviewing payment records and verifying payment
history with the custodial parent, in accordance with state directives, and initiates appropriate legal
action if collection of arrearages is needed.

e Review documents for compliance with statutes, court decisions and other legal authorities:
recommends appropriate corrective action or program improvement plans; and prepares various
correspondence: attends meetings, conferences, seminars and training as assigned in various
capacities. including as a participant or trainer.

e Assists attorneys by performing a variety of paralegal and investigative tasks, such as case
preparation: initiates fraud referrals and recommends case closure following specific guidelines.

e Create and maintain child support files according to State and Federal regulations and established
procedures: updates records and filing systems to ensure that accurate data is kept on assigned child
support cases.

e Perform related duties and responsibilities as assigned.

OFCICE MANAGER 05/2010 to 09/2010
Kool Smiles

e Hired front office/back office staff. calculated and submitted payroll.

e Completed administrative tasks, such as billing, pricing, adjustments and refunds; Customer service
scheduling, bookkeeping, and disputes: Managed two dental office locations for company: Medicaid &
Private insurance billing.

e Tracked revenue and reported weekly/monthly/monthly/annual sales numbers; Resolved customer or
client complaints; Ordered general and medical supplies; Set appointments: hired front office/back
office staff: P&L report and other reporting responsibilities.

ACCOUNT SERVICES, COMMERCIAL SALES, AND RESIDENTIAL SALES SUPERVISOR 07/2007 to 2010
Suddenlink Business Services

e Supervised the Sales, Retention and Account Services- make appropriate recommendations for the
sales team and team members to develop sales ability.

e Handled customer inquiries and complaint.

e Recruit and select office staff.

¢ Bi-weekly payroll planned and organized sales events.

e Assisted Sales Manager by providing a professional and excellent level of customer service with existing
and new customers.

e Assisted sales rep with questions, concerns and product/service questions Supervised Sales
Representatives.

e Created reports showing Sales %, Install %, Adherence, and Attendance.

¢ Monitoted calls, and provide feedback to reps regarding quality assurance.

e Delivered positive feedback, Employee Rewards and Customer Recognitions to employees.

| Associate of Applied Science BA Degree | Business Administration 2015

Tyler Junior College, Tyler, Texas

LeCdership Certification | Business Administration
Trinity Valley College
Business Administration

Information Technology and PC Applications Management 101 Managing Within the Law Training
Office Managers Training Atlanta, Ga | Business Communications

Ivy Bridge Tiffin University
Business Communications

Administrative, billing, bookkeeping, payroll
Customer service, filing, front office,
Information Technology.

Insurance

Leadership

Law and legal management

Quality assurance

Scheduling

Reporting

Supervising