JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Master of Science: Management & Leadership
Western Governors University - Millcreek, UT
e Began program July 2019

05/2015 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology
Western Connecticut State University - Danbury, CT
© 34GPA
e Spring 2015 - Dean's List
e Best Research Poster Presentation Recipient - 2015 CSU Psychology Research Day

05/2013 Associate of Science: Behavioral Science
Naugatuck Valley Community College - Waterbury, CT
© 3.8 GPA
e All attended semesters - Dean's List
e Graduated magna cum laude

SKILLS
e Guest services e Loss prevention
e Inventory control procedures e Cash register operations
¢ Merchandising expertise ¢ Product promotions
CERTIFICATIONS

¢ Mental Health First Aid: Certified

e Accuplacer: Institutional Administrator & Certified Proctor

e CLEP (College Level Examination Program): Primary Test Center Administrator & Certified Proctor
e TEAS (Test of Essential Academic Skills): Program Director & Certified Proctor

SUMMARY

Experienced Testing Specialist offering 6 years overseeing daily program operations and administrative tasks. Offering outstanding
organizational, interpersonal, and technology skills. Demonstrable ability to effectively work with a diverse student, faculty, and staff
population.

EXPERIENCE

06/2017 to Current Testing Specialist
Bank Of America Corporation — Chesterfield, MO

e Coordinates, administers, and ensures staffing for all testing services while ensuring constant test integrity.

e Supervises, recruits, trains, and schedules Testing Center staff.

© Collaborates with Faculty and Administration to develop placement guidelines, creates user-friendly placement
charts, and trains advising staff on placement procedures.

e Works closely with advisors and provides individual advising to students looking to take exams for credit or to
apply to a special admissions program such as Allied Health & Nursing.

e Organizes, tracks, and balances Testing Department budget.

08/2016 to 06/2017 Assistant Testing Specialist/Proctor
Naugatuck Valley Community College — City, STATE

¢ Develops and distributes testing and placement reports to stakeholders.

e Maintains Testing Center statistics by keeping records of session attendance, student score reports, and uploading
test scores to Banner Information System.

e Acts as the Web Content Manager for various departments including Testing and Advising.

e Implemented virtual registration software that improved pre-registration statistics by 27% while boosting efficiency
and data tracking.

e Serves a culturally, racially, and linguistically diverse student, faculty, and student population by providing support
to English Language Learners in completing their testing and enrollment process.

09/2015 to 08/2016 Disability Services Assistant/Proctor
Naugatuck Valley Community College — City, STATE

e Coordinated test scheduling with faculty and students and proctored exams for students with disabilities in
compliance with ADA regulations.

e Tracked, updated, and maintained student confidential records and compiled testing information into reports to be
shared with stakeholders.

e Assisted in the organization and execution of biannual college transfer fairs including securing the attendance of
representatives from college and universities.

01/2015 to 05/2015 Advising & Counseling Center Intern
Naugatuck Valley Community College — City, STATE
e Shadowed and trained under experienced advisors and counselors in conducting individual advising and counseling
sessions.
e Advised students in transfer planning and the application process to four-year institutions.
e Assisted current and new students with course selection and academic advisement.

09/2013 to 06/2015 Student Ambassador, Undergraduate Admissions
Western Connecticut State University — City, STATE
¢ Redesigned and executed uniform, knowledgeable tours of the campus and assisted prospective students in
navigating the application process.
e Reviewed student applications for completeness prior to evaluation by Admission Counselors.

01/2015 to 05/2015 Teaching Assistant, Psychology Department
Western Connecticut State University — City, STATE
¢ Provided instruction of course material and maintained office hours.
¢ Tutored students in an individual and group setting in Statistics, SPSS, and APA format.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

cyberattack
e 2022, QPR Suicide Prevention Training
¢ 2022, College Autism Spectrum Workshop
¢ 2022, Mental Health First Aid Training
« 2022, Substance Abuse Workshop
« 2019, Domestic Violence/Bystander Intervention Workshop
e 2019, Accuplacer National Conference
e 2018, Accuplacer National Conference