JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

e Internal Use Only Internal Use Only Internal Use Only Jessica Claire Software Testing Engineer Advisor Location: MASSACHUSETTS
Professional Summary Over 10 years of experience in Software Testing and my knowledge spans all phases of Software Development Life
Cycle and has skills specializing in the area of Software Quality Assurance.

¢ Software Testing - Performed manual test execution on client/server and web environments. Conducted different types of testing such as
user interface (GUI), system testing, user acceptance testing (UAT), multi release testing, end-end testing, regression testing and smoke
testing.

e Data validation - Conducted batch interface testing and performed data validation on oracle database using tools like Toad and SQL

e Plus. Also, validated audit reports and data feed extracts for data warehouse metrics.

¢ Bug logging — Reported software defects and retested the bug fix.

Senior Quality Assurance Test Engineer with full system development lifecycle experience. including designing, developing and implementing
test plans, test cases and test processes. Offering significant achievements driving cost savings, process efficiency and fault-free audits. Skilled
in Agile methodologies with strong leadership and strategic thinking skills. Accomplished Testing Engineer with [Number] years of experience
designing and implementing manual and automated testing procedures. Developed documentation and standard operating procedures for
evaluating front-end and back-end functionality in software products, constantly improving performance in portfolio of over [Number] software
products. Well-versed technological expert refining and optimizing all aspects of performance. Test engineer with [Number] years of experience
in requirement analysis, designing user and test cases, and executing Test and Evaluation (T&E) master plans for diverse applications and
systems. Collaborative team player with track record of delivering multiple, concurrent projects in fast-paced environments.

SKILLS

e Black box functional Testing e Version Control, Sales
e Agile/Waterfall Methodology e Data warehouse, SQL
¢ Batch Interface Testing e Database, Tables
¢ Database Validation © Delivery, Unique
e Azure DevOps ¢ Document management, Usability testing
© Web Services/API Testing e E-business, User interface
e Web Application Testing e Email, Validation
e Business Analysis. e Features. Video
¢ Defect Management * Functional
e JSONS validation e GUI
e ACA, Networks e Explorer
e Agile, ONS © Logic
e AOL, OS ¢ Mainframe
e APT. Oracle database ° Meetings
e Approach, POS * Messaging
e Automation, Pricing e Access
e Browsers, Quality © Mail
e Business Analysis, QA © Microsoft office applications
e Business process, Reporting e Windows
¢ Clients, Requirement e Test and Evaluation (T&E)
e Client, Retail

EXPERIENCE

Testing Engineer Advisor, 04/2013 - Current
Apex Systems — Warren, MI
e Project: CMP (EEE/XRM) Customer Member Process offers a e-business solution for the HHPC sales to setup the Customer Accounts and
their Group plans.
e The XRM application maintains the member enrollment data.
e Project Accomplishments: ACA program CT Expansion Large Group Quoting Process Automation of Service Response Cache to update
Summary Override for RX drug riders Primary Responsibilities:.
© Worked in Agile environment and ensured that software solutions are effectively delivered to the business process.
¢ Strategically planned the test deliverables by complying with the testing standards within HPHC.
¢ Performed Acceptance testing, Functional, Regression testing and Database validation.
¢ Closely worked with the business to gather and review the business requirements, and supported the User Acceptance testing.
¢ Effectively collaborated with the offshore team and cross functional team as per the demands.
¢ Development and delivery of assessment findings and recommendations report including project summary timelines relative to

implementation of system functionality and best practices.

Software Tester, 12/2010 - 10/2011
3D Systems — Wilsonville, OR

© Project #1: Integrate AWP from Alternate Source The Integrate AWP from Altemate Source project was redesigned to replace the AWP
(Average Wholesale Price) received from First Databank to an alternate source, because of the discontinuation of the AWP price update
from the FDB.

e« RxConnect uses AWP as the benchmark price for most of its pricing operations; this AWP is needed for all drugs.

© The technical goal of this project is to receive a feed from Mainframe CX that contains the new AWP from the alternate source which is a
Medi-Span.

e This new feed which, now, has the source of AWP along with the AWP pricing data is then loaded into the production tables using the
existing business logic so as to keep the process as transparent as possible.

e The major segments that underwent changes and were tested during this project are as follows.

e Weekly DrugPricing Refresh.

e Daily Drug Pricing Update.

e Audit Reports.

« RxDW Daily Pricing Extract.

¢ Retail Pricing Feed Primary Responsibilities:.

¢ Test Plan and Test case management.

* Created process flow diagrams for a Use Case, derived positive and negative test scenarios and drafted test cases by referring to Use Cases.

« Ensured business requirement coverage by mapping test cases to the requirements in the Microsoft Quality Center (QC).

e Test Execution for system testing and UAT testing.

¢ Created feed files to test the weekly DrugPricing refresh and Daily Drug Pricing update batch load jobs.

e Manually ran the control m jobs to load the data from the feed files into the database.

e Created SQL joins/insert/update/group by/order by/to_date to validate the data for its accuracy in the database after each batch run to
ensure that the data is inserted/updated as per the requirement.

¢ Verified Audit reports from winscp.

e Manually ran the daily pricing feed extract job for Data warehouse (DW) both on demand and on daily basis, and verified the extracted
pricing data in the feed.

* Conducted user interface testing (GUI) on the Rxconnect system.

¢ Reported software defects both in MS QC and Team Track bug logging, and retested the patch fix for the defects.

* Conducted End-End testing and Multi release testing.

¢ Co-ordinated with the offshore team (TCS client) who supported this project by conducting IT testing.

e Project #2: PHARMACY SERVICE INITIATIVE 2 “RxDW METRICS EXTRACT™ As part of PSI 2 project the approach for RxDW was
to extract the Rx data and POS data from Rxconnect and provide the data attribution to the pharmacy data warehouse for reporting and
metrics.

e These metrics /reporting will be used by business to improve pharmacy service and customer experience as well as to track improvements
in productivity and reduction in costs.

e Primary Responsibilities:.

e Test Plan and Test case management.

¢ Created test cases for RxDW metrics feeds in the QC by referencing the Use Case.

e And also created test data for these test cases from the data model and the production database.

* Created test scenarios for multi release testing of PSI2(R7).

* Reviewed test cases that were drafted by the offshore team (TCS client) who were also part of this project implementation.

Software QA Engineer, 01/2005 - 12/2006
AZTEC-—America Online, AOL — City, STATE

© Project #3: Affinity Networks: It is developed to provide web services and used by other clients to use the functionality of working with
other specific networks.

e Affinity networks provides a web interface to create/modify/delete networks for the system.

e Primary Responsibilities:.

¢ Prepared Test Plans, planned/executed Test Cases.

¢ Involved in deploying web services.

e Created SQL queries to validate the data integration.

e Analyzed and reported software defects.

* Coordinated daily meetings with QA. IT and clients to provide status and to resolve any testing issues.

© Project #2: Searchlight AOL Explorer: Searchlight AOL Explorer is an enhanced browser with added browsing control, enhanced security
messaging, and various features that makes browsing better for AOL members.

e Primary Responsibilities:.

¢ Prepared Test plan, Test cases and performed Build release.

¢ Performed Web application testing focusing on cross browsers testing, OS compatibility, performance and usability testing.

e Performed, User interface(GUI) System, Regression, Beta, Acceptance and Microsoft patch testing.

e Analyzed/Reported software defects in bug logging and tracking tool.

¢ Created Traceability matrix and Test execution report Project #1: Open Name Space: ONS allows users to sign in to AOL Instant
Messenger (AIM) using an email address as screen name.

e The ONS user just like any other AOL member can access all the features of AIM such as Instant Messenger (IM), Buddy Chat, Voice
Chat, Video Talk, and Mail.

e Primary Responsibilities:.

e Reviewed SRS document.

e Created and executed Integration test cases, and conducted user interface testing (GUI).

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Result/Degree

Visvesvaraya Technological University

Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

¢ QA Analyst - Implemented standard software testing process.

e Ensured that all test deliverables met the software functionality requirements.

e Business Analysis - Participated in requirements gathering and reviews.

e Created test plans. process flows, test scenarios, test cases and coordinated user acceptance testing and ensured that software product met
business needs.

e Leadership - Mentored and facilitated project training to new team members.

e Served as key liaison between Project management, Development, Business and QA team Application Experience.

e Oracle E-business application.

e Insurance-Quoting/Rate Configurator.

e Pharma data central repository system.

e Client/Server applications.

e Pharma RX Data pricing.

© Web Media applications.

© Member Data/Provider Data Management.

e Pharma RX Data pricing.

e Web Media applications.

© Member Data/Provider Data Management, NTT DATA, Inc.

e Healthcare Consulting Group NIT DATA, Inc.

¢ Healthcare Consulting Group.