JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a
difference.
Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.

Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments.

SKILLS
« Communication e Multitasking
e Working collaboratively e Planning
e Leadership e Friendly, positive attitude
* Microsoft Office ¢ Reliable and trustworthy
e Basic math e Team building
* Conflict resolution e Team management
¢ Problem resolution © People skills
EXPERIENCE

Drug Testing Technician, 06/2020 - Current
Hilltop Holdings — Biloxi, MS
* Valley Screening is a mobile Drug Testing Company, we drive to different locations in Alabama.
e Initiated and implemented drug and alcohol tests and issued notices to prohibit presence or usage in secure zones.
e Executed random drug and alcohol testing for individuals.
e Cleaned and sterilized lab area, tools and equipment.
¢ Followed laboratory guidelines for handling biological specimens.
¢ Recorded on Chain Of Custody forms to maintain reliability and validity of test results.
e Prepared, processed and analyzed lab samples.
e Worked along side Social Workers with the Department Of Human Resources.

Chicken Barn Clean Out Crew, 08/2019 - 01/2020
Simmons Bank — Stockton. MO
e As cleanout crew we went in chicken barns and broke down all the feeder pans, pressure washed the pans.
e Proxy/Bleach the drinker lines for the chickens, and also helped with anything else that needed to be done to make sure the chicken barns
Was sanitized and ready for the next flock of chickens to come.
* Sanitized frequented areas and equipment using approved supplies.
e Maintained safety protocols through safe handling of equipment and chemicals.
* Performed and documented routine inspection and maintenance activities to meet client expectations.

Teller, 04/2019 - 08/2019
First Farmers And Merchants Bank — City, STATE

e Serves customers by completing account transactions.

¢ Provides account services to customers by receiving deposits and loan payments, cashing checks, issuing savings withdrawals, and
recording night and mail deposits.

e Answers questions in person or on telephone and refers customers to other bank services as necessary.

* Records transactions by logging cashier’s checks, traveler’s checks, and other special services; preparing currency transaction reports.

e Cross-sells bank products by answering inquiries, informing customers of new services and product promotions, ascertaining customers”
needs, and directing customers to a branch representative.

* Completes special requests by taking orders for checks, exchanging foreign currencies, completing safe-deposit box procedures, and
providing special statements, copies, and referrals.

e Reconciles cash drawer by proving cash transactions, counting and packaging currency and coins.

e Maintains supply of cash and currency and turns in excess cash and mutilated currency to head teller.

¢« Complies with bank operations and security procedures by participating in all dual-control functions.

e Maintains customer confidence and protects bank operations by keeping information confidential.

« Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

e Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.

e Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments and issued cashier's checks.

* Cashed customer checks, verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank policy.

Personal Banker/Teller, 09/2012 - 04/2019
First Tennessee Bank — City, STATE
¢ Provides exceptional customer service, involving receipt and payment of cash.
¢ Follows established policies in accordance with the bank and the supervisor’s direction.
¢ Meets monthly new account production goals as assigned by upper management.
e Processes deposits and recording all transactions accurately and balancing each day’s operations.
e Receives cash and checks for deposit, verifies amounts, and looks for check endorsements.
e Examines cash carefully to guard against acceptance of counterfeit checks and identification.
e Enters transactions into computer and issues customer receipts.
e Sells and prepares money orders, cashier’s checks, bank-to-bank wires, savings bonds, and certificates of deposit.
e Processes cash advances.
* Cross-sells bank services and products.
e Provides bank services to a diverse customer base.
e Performs other tasks as requested by supervisors as they relate to the bank and its functions.
e Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.
e Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
e Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.
e Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures.
e Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

© Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High school diploma