Software Test Engineer

John Gidding

Experienced tester in full product life
cycle from requirement reviews to
field deployments.

Active Agile/SCRUM team member
for adding new features to existing
products.

Highly motivated, creative, detail-
oriented team player with excellent
communication and interpersonal
skills with extensive experience.
Proficient in analyzing/resolving
problems, coordinating work with
the local/remote teams, and
optimizing tasks for efficiency.

Test Execution, Planning &
Tracking: Test Result Verification,
Resource Alignment, Requirement
Analysis

Linux (Debian/Ubuntu,
RedHat/Fedora/Centos): Installat-
ion, Configuration, Maintenance,
Debugging

Wireless: WiFi, Bluetooth, (WiMAX)
Wireless Broadband, 3G, 4G-LTE
Scripting/Programming: Linux BASH,
Introductory Python, HTML, CCS
Technical Applications: Wireshark
Packet Analyzer, HP Quality Center,
Cygwin, iPerf, Jira, Nexus Root
Toolkit

Networking: TCP/IP, UDP, Basic
Switch Configuration, Debugging
Technical Hardware/Systems:
Aeroflex/Cobham TMS00, JFW
Programmable RF Attenuators
Testing Methodologies: Waterfall,
Agile/SCRUM

New Technologies: Researching for
new solutions to problems

HOBBIES & INTERESTS

Solving Puzzles
Reading Non-fiction Books
Socializing with Friends and Family

9 City, tate
% 000-000-0000

f} emall@email.com

E Work Experience

Software Test Engineer 2016-02 - Present

Bosch Group

e Preparing the test plan, test case writing, and system test execution.

e Writing test cases for integration testing and components based testing.
¢ Finding issues/defects and defect tracking until it’s resolved.

« Root Cause Analysis and possible solutions for errors encountered.

« System Testing, Regression Testing, and Functional Testing.

¢ Performance/Load Testing, Sanity Testing, and Smoke Testing.

« Validation of the Help Documentation/Files.

Software Testing Engineer 2013-02 - 2016-01

Fortive Corporation
« Developed atest execution plan, based onthe required documents.
¢ Carried out the detailed requirements analysis for the automation testing and
suggested automation approach For the project.
¢ Coordinated the test activities and deliverables with the clients.
Created a custom report for the automation requirement.
¢ Worked for the multiple clients(Ensim, KPIT Cummins) and multiple internal projects.

Software Engineer - Wireless Broadband 2009-04 - 2013-01

Symantec Software Solutions Pvt Ltd

e Test Architect created test strategy, authored test cases, and coordinated execution of
test cases among global teams. A principal member of feature teams, which involved in
validating developers test code, cleaning up test scripts, and participating in
architecture discussions,

e Led knowledge gathering from a test perspective on a new platform and becamethe
first point of contact For many platforms related issues before contacting vendor
support,

« Coordinated lab equipment usage plans and meetings.

Development Test and Integration Engineer 2008-02 - 2009-03

Cognizant Technology Solutions

« Coordinated development test schedules including equipment and engineers based on
testing deadlines.
Collaborated testing efforts with the downstream test teams, which included
equipment sharing and combined test plans to achieve strict testing goals.
¢ Created a knowledge base for new products, and then trained parallel and downstream
teams.

Improved efficiency on the information model team by automating the generation of
information model files for development builds.

Master of Engineering in Software Engineering 2005 - 2006
University of Maryland
Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering 2002 - 2005

Snow College