PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

CERTIFICATIONS

EDUCATION ©

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced Project Manager - Testing with experience in managing and leading QA teams in Banking
domain. Designed, developed and implemented number of pointed automation solutions to save manual effort
and increase test coverage. Utilized perl, SQL, XML, QTP and excel macros in different automation solutions.
Experienced in dimensional modelling and ETL test projects

« Tools and Technologies « Working knowledge of XML, VB Script.
« Tools > TOAD, Putti, HP Quality Center, ALM, e Working knowledge of Quick Test Pro.

JIRA. e Cognos BI and advanced workspace
« Oracle 12g.

« SQL, Perl, Bash Script,

« TM1 perspective, TM1 architect
e Informatica ETL tool

e Excel macro

PROJECT MANAGER - TESTING 09/2004 to CURRENT
Infosys Ltd

e Responsible for software testing projects starting from requirement analysis, design, estimation,
creating strategy. planning, execution and test closure. Responsible to execute testing projects deliver
all agreed upon service level agreements and adherence to all processes defined.

e Designed Key Performance Indicator (KPI) dashboard which implemented standardized RAG status of
projects based on weighted average of key parameters and tolerance level. This is implemented across
all QA projects in the department.

e Designed, developed and implemented automation solution for DW QA project using perl and complex
SQL queries. Saved ~90 person days manual effort and increasing test coverage to 100% on pre-prod
data.

e Developed and implemented automation solution for performance reporting project which implemented
new methodologies to calculate daily performance from month end only and time weighted returns.
Saved ~250 person days of manual effort. Increased test coverage from 50 accounts to 2500 accounts.
Used SQL queries, VB script and XML to automate.

e Participated and reviewed data ware house design using dimensional modelling techniques.

e Recruitment activities - Interview panelist for hiring experienced IT professionals and college graduates
for Infosys.

e Experienced in presales activities by creating financial and staffing models

e Account Management activities - involved in Project billing and invoicing, talent (resource) management
activities.

e Lead the team to standardize QA processes and artifacts which were implemented across all
projects. Experienced in projects executed in Agile, Waterfall and iterative models where teams are
spread across different geographic locations.

SFKCTEST ENGINEER 08/2002 to 09/2004
Rtx
e Modem testing.

OPM SHORE TEST ANALY STICONSULTANT
Statement Redesign

e nan effort to remain competitive with statement reporting and enhance the client experience, the
Summary of Accounts and Premier Statement are being redesigned.

e This redesign project will bring the statement in line with the UBS brand and enhanced to help client's
answer the question "How am | doing?" Post completion UBS client statements were awarded top 4
statements on the street.

e Responsibilities: Consultant to group of SME performing testing of statements to implement and follow
testing standards and process.

e Co-ordinate testing by different groups of users and analyze and track the issues found to closure.

e Estimation, Scoping, project planning & Test Strategy documentation.

e Involved in Business requirement review meetings.

e Provided training on Quality assurance best practices and processes to different user acceptance team
members.

e Involved in Test Planning, Test Execution & Defect Reporting.

e Providing Daily, Weekly Status reports to all stakeholders.

e Conducting defect review meetings with the stakeholders Client and Account Information (CAI).

OtCSHORE TEST ANALYST

e CAI is used for creating and maintaining client and account information.

e« Supports various types of accounts such as RMA, BSA, Retirement, Trust, Loan and Managed
Accounts.

« CAI undergoes Quarterly releases with new enhancements.

e Responsibilities: Involved in Business requirement review meetings Test Planning, Test Execution &
Defect Reporting Co-ordination with offshore testing team and work assignment.

e Clarify offshore queries from business users.

« Discuss with business users and provide training to offshore team members.

« Developed and maintained Automation scripts using QTP and descriptive programming.

e Providing Daily, Weekly & Monthly Status reports DHLShip Role, Location: Offshore test engineer, Pune
Description: DHLShip is an online application which will provide the DHL customers to prepare online
shipments, track shipments, get rate estimate, approximate time required, print labels. documents
required for international shipments.

e Responsibilities: Involved in Business requirement review meetings with onsite coordinator.

e Involved in Test Planning, Test Execution & Defect Reporting Developed excel based tool to compare
data on various reports for multiple client reducing the manual effort.

e« Provide daily status reports to onsite coordinator.

« The project was executed in waterfall model.

ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level.

Bachelor of Engineering | Electronics and Communication 2002
PDA College of Engineeting, Karnataka India
Electronics and Communication

Ce_tificate in Banking by 'The chartered institute of bankers in Scotland’.