Preliminary Tester Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Website: www.qwilresume.cont

Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Objective

Seasoned professional with 4+ years of industry experience. Managed business partner and
management expectations while working on visible and high impact projects. Worked directly with
the cliest in right from Proposal submission to Program execution activities, Played key role in
stecring a data transformation program for reputed clients.

Automation Expert, Testing Methodologies, ETL Testing SME, Data Migration Testing, Web Testing,
IVR Testing, SAP-HCM Testing, Mobile Testing, Program Management, Project Management.

Work Experience
Preliminary Tester

ABC Corporation - April 2004 - May 2006

Collaborate with business units to deline requirements &amp; reporting solutions.

Identify the reporting approach based on the requirements to be satisfied -

Involved in Analysis and Design walkthroughs, and created System Test plan and System test
cases out of requirements.

Involved in creations of Testbed for the execution of test cases in UNIX input files.

Automated Test data set up preparation using shell and Unix scripting,

Identified Test cases sulting automation requirements,

Managed Test resulis through Rational Test Manager, also involved in Transition Activities and
end-user training.

Tester
ABC Corporation - 2002 - 2004

Environment JAVA, C, Putty, Winsep, AML Quality Center, Quick Test Professional Project
Deseription Procure to Pay project involved tracking all the payable invoices, workllows and
vendor management.

Testing Included validating various Invoice processing, workflows, and vendor integration.
Analyzed various documents and prepared tesi cases covering all requirements of the
application.

Converted test cases for various test sets to organize the execution procedure to meet the
project timeline and timely deliverables.

Tesied functionalities of the application like payable workflow Created test data for different
tnvolees with the Procure to Pay module forex Projects, Work order and Recurring, non-
Recurring and Leases.

Provided functional demos on the P2P invoice workllow to the business.

Diseussed the test cases for regression testing with the quality engineers Created automated
regression Lest scripts with a hybrid driven approach using QTP 9.2 Executed the Automated
test scripts and did an end-to-end analysis of the failed test scripts and debug the same.

Education

© This Pree Resume Tempiete ts the copyright of Qwikresumecom. Usage Guidelines