JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

SUMMARY

Hardworking and reliable NDT Technician with strong ability in Penetrant, Magnetic, Ultrasonic, Eddy Current and Radiographic Inspections.
Offering management, leadship and problem-solving skills. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality.

SKILLS

e Training management e Work ethic
* Onsite inspection expertise e Flexible
¢ Decision-making * Collaboration
¢ Relationship building e Data management
* Coordination e Radiographic testing
e Active listening e Sampling techniques
e Leadership

EXPERIENCE

Non-Destructive Testing Technician, 12/2017 - Current
Alstom — Baltimore, MD
e Trained personnel to use NDT equipment and devices and wrote documentation to support training.
¢ Performed testing and calibration on project requiring earlier-attained NDT Level I certification.
e Researched and wrote reports of inspection process and analyzed and interpreted reported data in preparation for submission to clients.
e Reviewed and analyzed work scope for each job prior to beginning testing to verify familiarity and resultant proper testing.
e Maintained and calibrated sensitive non-destructive testing devices according to manufacturer specifications.
e Provided necessary guidance, training and supervision to NDT trainees and Level I certified personnel.
¢ Inspected equipment and quickly identified any issues, contacting appropriate personnel to schedule repairs.
e Made radiographic images to detect flaws in objects, supporting repairs without increasing damage.
¢ Selected, calibrated and operated equipment used in non-destructive testing of products and materials.
e Managed diverse teams of employees successfully on both small and large projects.
* Visually examined materials. structures and components for signs of corrosion, metal fatigue, cracks and other flaws.
¢ Delivered extensive mentoring and training to team members, guiding through each testing step.
e Reviewed testing procedures on regular basis to verify compliance of each step with safety standards and regulations.

Walmart Associate, 07/2016 - 06/2017
Walmart — City, STATE
¢ Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.
¢ Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward common sales, service and
operational goals.
¢ Identified needs of customers promptly and efficiently.
e Assisted teammate with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals.
¢ Lead and assisted with the unloading and organiztion of back room stock to efficiently move it to the floor to stock shelves, ensuring
products were readily available to the customers.

Cook/Server/Manager, 06/2009 - 06/2015
4th & Main Pizza — City, STATE
e Supervised staff preparing and serving 100+ meals per day.
* Coordinated optimal guest relations from initial contact through final check-out to boost satisfaction and brand loyalty.
e Watched new staff for concerns such as drug use and card skimming.
e Prepared and led foodservice training programs to teach staff various tasks such as stocking and restocking condiments, correctly inputting
orders into system and performing credit and debit card transactions.
e Worked directly with servers for more than 20 shifts during the training process.
¢ Controlled portion sizes and garnishing for optimal cost controls.
e Maintained operations in full compliance with alcohol service standards and legal requirements to prevent incidents of overserving or
underage drinking.
¢ Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options.
¢ Priced and ordered food products, kitchen equipment and food service supplies.
* Prepared salads, appetizers and set up garnish stations to assist kitchen staff.
e Educated waiters on the menu, memorization strategies and how to convey information in a positive and upbeat manner.
e Enforced staff performance and service standards to deliver consistent and positive customer experiences.
¢ Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.
¢ Maximized food quality by closely monitoring shipments, preparation and food handling by team members.
e Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.
¢ Collaborated with host, bus person and cook to serve up food and beverage options.
e Reconciled daily transactions, balanced cash registers and deposited restaurant's earnings at bank.
¢ Kept food storage and preparation equipment in good working order to maximize safety and cost-efficiency of operations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

High School Diploma: 06/2014
Timberlake Senior High School - Spirit Lake. ID

Biochemistry
Idaho State University - Pocatello, ID
e Completed coursework in Chemistry, Biology, Physics, and Mathematics.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

* Recognized as Maintainence Profesiional of the Year for 2020 for outstanding performance and team contributions.
¢ Developed and bolstered relationships with Qatari nationals, while performing inspections on their aircrafts, improving force cohesion.
e Assited and lead teams in 4 spereate ETARs leading to the USAF saving $268.2 million in assests.