PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

ACCOMPLISHMENTS ©

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ Montgomery Street, San Francisco,CA 94105 ‘2 (555) 432-1000 «4 resumesample@example.com

Knowledgeable and dedicated customer service professional with extensive experience in healthcare industry.
Solid team player with outgoing, positive demeanor and proven skills in establishing rapport with clients.
Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Specialize in quality, speed
and process optimization. Articulate, energetic and results-oriented with exemplary passion for developing
relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

« Resolved product issue through consumer testing.

« Customer Relations - Earned highest marks for customer satisfaction, company-wide.

« Conflict Resolution - Responsible for handling customer account inquiries, accurately providing
information to ensure resolution of product/service complaints and customer satisfaction.

e Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

« Project Management e Strong Analytical and Problem Solving Skills
e = Site Inspection « Document and Records Management
« Microsoft Office e Excellent Attention to Detail
« Calm and Professional Under Pressure e Proficiency in Microsoft Office and G Suite
e Issue and Complaint Resolution e Inbound and Outbound Calling
e« Upbeat and Positive Personality ¢ Billing Adjustments and Refunds
e Responding to Difficult Customers e Correspondence Handling
« Customer Data Confidentiality e AR/AP
« Data Entry and Maintenance e Document Conversion
« Multitasking and Prioritization e Faxing Paperwork
e Verbal and Written Communication « Organizing Mail
e Microsoft Office Suite e Program Files Maintenance
e« Administrative and Office Support e Report Development
« Computer Proficiency e Routing Mail
« Database Management e Transporting Files
« Patient and Empathetic e¢ Travel Administration
TESTING SITE SPECIALIST 12/2019 to 05/2021

Nye Health Services | Lincoln, NE

e Collect, compile and analyze data from the state and local testing programs.

e Summarize testing results in an effort to identify strengths and weaknesses of instructional programs.

e Present testing information to parent groups, administrators. teachers, the School Board, and the
community through workshops and meetings.

e Provide support and assistance to all schools to address testing needs and concerns.

e Work with the state department of education to implement changes and update training packets for
administrators and other school staff.

e Train test coordinators and other school staff who are responsible for test administration.

e Serve as a resource to schools regarding testing questions and concerns as well as data analysis.

e Consult with other departments and offices about testing results and procedures.

e Physically count, move, sort and distribute testing materials.

e Attend assessment workshops, conferences and regional meetings regarding testing.

e Perform related work as required.

e Supervised contractor work processes and adherence to project schedule.

¢ Complied with safe operating practices and assessed operational procedures against best practices.

e Kept sites compliant with OSHA, federal, state and local regulations to prevent unnecessary delays.

e Coordinated site investigations, documented issues and escalated to executive teams as needed.

HC_ME HEALTH AIDE 10/2016 to 09/2019
Ods Companies | Tigard, OR

¢ Traveled to clients' homes to complete healthcare services and promote continuity of care.

e Offered patients and families emotional support and instruction in preparing healthy meals, independent
living and adaptation to disability or illness.

e Provided mobility assistance such as walking and regular exercising.

« Completed medical and program reports and maintained records following clinic standard operating
procedures.

e Administered medication as directed by physician.

e Provided transportation and appointments management.

e Increased medication and medical terminology knowledge through research and continuing education.

e Completed entries in log books, journals and care plans to accurately document and report patient
progress.

e Assisted disabled clients to support independence and well-being.

e Coordinated daily medicine schedules and administration to help clients address symptoms and
enhance quality of life.

HCME / BUSINESS CLEANER 02/2010 to 10/2016
KB Customized Cleaning Services | City, STATE

e Utilize the client's customized commercial cleaning checklist to perform all tasks to the standards
established by the company.

e Dust furniture, equipment, partitions, walls, etc.

e Clean and disinfect sinks, counter tops, floors, toilet, mirrors, tables, chairs, refrigerators, microwaves,
etc in restrooms, break rooms and/or kitchenettes

e Replenish supplies in restrooms, break rooms and kitchen

e Sweep, mop. vacuum and/or hand scrub floors using brooms, mops and vacuum cleaners

e Empty trash cans and recyclables into disposal areas

¢ Wipe down walls and woodwork, doors, wall hangings, baseboards, etc.

e Delivered quality customer service to address urgent needs and cleaning requests.

e Worked on cleaning team to service hotels, offices and other commercial buildings.

DECITAL CLAIMS PROCESSOR 06/2007 to 11/2010
Blue-Cross BlueShield | City, STATE

e« Presented insurance options to customers in order to close sales on new policies.

e Reviewed outstanding requests and redirected workloads to complete projects on time.

e Maintained confidentiality of patient finances, records and health statuses.

e Coordinated with contracting department to resolve payer issues.

« Communicated effectively with staff. including members of operations, finance and clinical departments.
e« Tracked all pending authorizations to resolve discrepancies and avoid revenue loss.

e Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications.

e« Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

e Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.

e Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

Associate of Science | Medical Assistant 2015
South University, Savannah, GA

AsCociate of Science | Phlebotomy / EKG Technician 2013
Allegany College Of Maryland, Cumberland, MD

Hig» School Diploma 1998
Frankfort High School , Ridgeley, WV

Willing to relocate: Anywhere