SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Responsible Night Auditor offering expertise in financial administration and hospitality services. Adaptable in
handling diverse customer and business issues. Well-organized, reliable and focused on long-term business
SUCCESS.

e« One-on-one and small group instruction e Verbal communication

« Generating reports e« Progress reporting

« Room inventory e Performance evaluation

« Light maintenance duties e Staff leadership

« Reservations e Delivery scheduling

« Overseeing front desk e Software upgrades

« Checking guests in and out e Safety and compliance

« Performing wake-up calls e Training and presentations
« Supply replenishment « Quality assurance

« Guest services e Audit coordination

« System upgrades e« Performance improvements

e Hiring and retention strategies

TESTING ADMINISTRATOR 02/2012 to CURRENT
University Of California | Santa Barbara, CA

e Responsible for Administering over 600 computer-based test and certifications through Pearson VUE.

e Attended in-services, workshops and seminars.

e Academic advising for students in various programs.

Completed logs and updated student documents for institutional and personal record keeping.

e Collaborated with students to identify educational goals and initiated strategies to keep plans on track.

e Successfully led key projects which resulted in student development.

e Stayed informed about new resources and learning strategies as well as detailed information about
tutoring subjects.

e Instructed small groups of students in key subject concepts (TABPHE - Texas Association of Black
Professionals in Higher Education)

e Collaborated with college students to identify educational goals and initiated strategies to keep plans on
track.

e Assessed student progress at each session, making recommendations that increased effectiveness of
tutoring and lessons.

e Attended training and development courses to improve service offerings.

e Provided test preparation support for routine, standardized and college entrance examinations.

¢ Taught students how to study, take notes and complete test questions.

e Supported students by identifying and addressing specific concerns.

e Communicated with teachers to provide students with comprehensive support.

NICHT AUDITOR 06/2079 to 02/2020
Basis.Ed | Prescott, AZ

e Assisted hotel guests with check in and out procedures courteously.
e Audited and balanced cash and credit transactions daily and reset register for next day's operations.

e Handled night audit paperwork, verification of daily room occupancy and hotel revenue reviews.

« Completed nightly updates to hotel rates and individual room charges.

e Ran end-of-day computer functions and closed out reports, submitting details to the Supervisor for
review.

e Maintained well-stocked and presentable complementary food and beverage station.

e Assisted guests in locating amenities such as casino, gift shop, restaurants, fitness center, pool and
spa.

e Monitored reservations to track incoming parties and special events.

e Balanced accounts and conducted nightly audits to maintain PC| compliance and reporting standards.

e Checked auditing discrepancies by reconciling cash drop and credit card transactions.

e Informed travelers of hotel security features and offered details regarding fire and emergency
procedures.

STODENT ACADEMIC ADVISOR 01/2006 to 02/2012
Ucla Health | San Diego, CA

¢ Collaborated with students to identify educational goals and initiated strategies to keep plans on track.

e Advised students on course selection, pathways and career options.

e Served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic problems and personal
adjustment issues arose.

e Scheduled meetings with at-risk students to discuss methods for improving grades and bolstering
learning opportunities.

e Counseled students in career planning, job placement and academic goals.

e Assessed educational needs and incorporated fun and exciting activities to improve students' reading
skills.

e Attended training and development courses to improve service offerings.

e Supported students by identifying and addressing specific concerns.

e Taught students how to study, take notes and complete test questions.

PECTEACHER 08/2003 to 01/2006
Texas State Technical College | City, STATE

e Taught students about concepts regarding fitness, health and well-being.

e Instructed students in classroom settings on specific exercises, team sports concept and overall safety
to avoid injuries.

e Devised safe and effective exercise strategies based on knowledge of kinesiology, anatomy and
biology.

e Monitored student physical fitness with standardized assessments and devised appropriate individual
goals.

e Attended in-services, workshops and seminars.

e Kept school equipment, gyms and fields in good working order.

e Coordinated materials and instructional plans for immersive activities exploring physical fitness
concepts.

e Used positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.

e Explored different avenues of learning with students to help each prepare for later educational
environments.

e Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated
learning needs.

e Facilitated activities that developed students' physical, emotional and social growth.

e Worked with average of 20 students per class.

e Graded tests and papers and uploaded all grading information to district.

e Delivered clear, informative lectures on subject matter framed to meet state standards.

STODENT LAB ASSISTANT 08/2001 to 08/2003
Company Name | City, State

« Helped students master learning concepts through one-on-one and small group tutoring.

e Assisted teachers with lesson preparation and curriculum implementation.

« Tutored and supported students individually and in groups of up to 20 by reteaching and reviewing
lesson concepts.

« Conducted special assessments and tutoring sessions to support individual student needs.

e Attended in-services, workshops and seminars.

« Contributed fo positive, educational setting by delivering gentle discipline and promoting student
SUCCESS.

« Promoted student learning by providing individualized and small group support to reinforce classroom
topics.

e Assisted teachers with instruction and provided clerical support for diverse needs.

Bachelor of Science | Kinesiology 05/2001
Langston University, Langston, OK

Higa School Diploma 05/1994
Waco Christian School, Waco, TX