ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Test Specialist

E-mail: info @qwikresume.com

SL NIMARY

Test Analyst having overill 8.3 years of experience in IT industry which includes 3.11 yeurs of experience
with Infosys and 4.4 years of experience with previous organization.

SKILLS

QA, Quality Center, Toad, SQLDBX, JIRA.

WOK FAVTELEIENGI

Jr. Test Specialist
ABC Corpontion - July 2006—November 2010

* Duration 4.4 years Skill Profile Tool used Quality Center for defects tucking, Lotus Notes far client
communication, Cascade for documentation, Unix, TOAD for accessing ORACLE Datahase, JIRA
fordefects, SQLDBX for accessing Syhase DB Operating Systems Win 7, Win XP, Win 2003, Win
2000, Vista Bug Tracking Tools Quality Centre, JIRA Projects Worked on Latest Project Project
Name Prime Brokerage (UBS, Infosys Pune) Project Name CCH-Practice (Mindtree Pune) Wolters
Kluwer Business July 2010 to November 2010 Description OCH ProSystem fx is protessianal
software system that integmtes mamiges tax processing and office administration smoothly and
efficiently.
software has many modules which are interlinked with each other like Tax Prep, FAM, WPM,
Production Processing, and Practice.

We have to test each module individually and then we have to do integration testing asx well.
Workflow Management lets you track workflow, allocate resources, monitor due dates.

You do this setting up projects and, if applicable, tusks ussociated with project.

system updates actual values as you record time spent on project, und automatically calculates
percent complete based an total budgeted and actual hours recarded.

Billing module belps in proper billing of tansaction made and AR module assist in making payment
based on billing of transaction.

Jr. Test Specialist
Delta Corponition - 2002-2006

Working for JP Morgan Chase client.

Worked for NetApp client.

Test Specialist Duties Calculate efficiency of the power plant.

Quility Assurance nsing Waterfall methodology of the JAVA web application hosted in a UNIX
environment for ane of the biggest telecom provider in the .

Analyze and understand software requirements by collaborating with Business Analysts Participate
and effectively contribute to the business .

© This Eines Resumes Tomalats = the copyright of Qwakreaime.com., Lisage Gailstedi nes