Manual QA tester CV Sample

/Philip Jennings /122, Seaview Road, Brighton, East Sussex / 01203 456789 /
pjennings@aillmail.com/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

A trained. qualified and motivated test analyst with a solid grounding in a financial services
environment. Currently seeking an opportunity to develop further and widen QA testing,
business experience ond analysis sxills in o progressive team with a major employer.

Professional Qualifications

® SQL Essentials {ABC, London - November 2010).

@ In-house training courses - Excel macros and bespoke I.T. systems — American Express,
2010-2011.

®@ Full driving license.

Key Skills

® Excellent eye for detail.

® Team worker with commercial awareness.

® Manual and functional testing, with an appreciation of automation.
® SQL programming & database queries.

Experience
Junior test analyst - American Express, Brighton {January 2012 to date).
® Assisting senior analysts with test planning and design.
® Test execution, with recording and analysis of results.
® Completing various types of test and departmental documentation in accordance
with company and team policy.
® Providing UAT to intemal clients when required, as cirected or under supervision of
team leader.
Trainee test analyst - American Express (September 2010 to December 2011}
Attending in-company and extemal courses; working with team coach.
Manual testing of financial data/system changes. in team with senior analysts.

Entering test cases and updating results in HP Quality Centre.
Data input, in-house matrix reports and charts {principally defect anclysis.

EDUCATION

Academic Qualifications

Aclevels: Computer Science {A}, Business Studies {B}. English {B} — Worthing College (2010)
Seven GCSE passes, four af grade *A’ including ICT - Durrington High School, Worthing (2008)

References

Character and employer references will be provided on request.

Conclusion Call to Action

This manual QA tester CV sample is only one of several examples that provide help and
support with the CV writing process. In addition, jobseekers are invited to use the career tools
and curriculum vitae builder on this site for additional valuable guidance.