Jessica CLAIRE

@ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

To gain a challenging, growth and new technology knowledge in the automotive field, thereby making myself adept and suitable to
contribute to the welfare of the organization applying the knowledge that I would again.

Skills
¢ Catia V5, Auto cad, Pro-e. * agency, Auto CAD, back-up, budget, C, Catia, documentation,
¢ Mechanical Drafting - Catia V5 , Auto CAD Drafting, English, senior management, drawing, Managing,
¢ Fixture design. Mechanical, excel, networking, New Product Development,
pdf, Pro-e, Quality, RDW, Research, Safety, scheduling,
scripts, Type, Validation
Work History

Homologation and Validating testing Engineer
Rane TRW Steering Systems Pvt Ltd — City

e¢ Communicating with customer to understand their requirements and prepare Time plan with approval of budget from senior
management.

¢ Managing Type approval / Conformity of production (COP) of Safety belt according to Indian / European regulations (AIS 037 &
ECE R16).

e Preparation of Homologation Documents & Drawings according to (IS 15140, Taiwan item 26, ECE-R16 & FMVSS 209).

e Preparation of Homologation samples according to the drawing and sending it to the test agency.

¢ Coordinating with the Engineers at test agencies for scheduling and execution of tests.

¢ Apply for certification with the test reports to VSCC, TUV & RDW.

¢ Responsible for making Explanation documents in case of any Type approval extension required.

¢ New Product Development testing co-ordination at ARAI / ICAT / SGS.

e Experience on Validating and testing of seat belts Retractors.

e Supervised the test facilities including tests sourcing procedures and acting as primary contact for the Customers.

¢ Managed team of technicians to operate environmental chambers , automated/manual testing equipments.

e Prepared test cases plans strategies and scripts for both positive and negative results.

¢ Owned all the documentation and testing procedures for the back-up of excel and pdf reports.

e Validation of COP and New Product Development for R&D support.

¢ Good networking with external test agencies GARC (NATRiP) and also trained for Seat Belts Vibration test study in GARC,
Chennai.

¢ Close cooperation with Purchase, Quality and Production regarding COP validation and improvements.

e AREA OF INTEREST.

¢ Design.

e Research Testing and Evaluating.

Education
B.E: Mechanical Engineering, 2016

Shri Andal Alagar College of Engineering

D.JessicaE (Diploma: Mechanical Engineering, 2012
Anna University - Chennai
GPA: 6.99, GPA: 69.9

Meenakshi Krishnan Polytechnical College - Chennai
© 69%
e $.S.L.C (2009

SCS Matriculation Higher secondary School

Interests

PERSONAL INFORMATION , Name: JessicaClaire Date of Birth : 22.06.1994 Father Name : R.Madhanagopal Mother Name:
JessicaDevamanohari

Languages

English, Tamil, Telugu.