AREAS OW EXPERTISE
HM

E-commerce

Graphic design
Commercial awareness
Photoshop

Fiutag errors & hogs

Searct Engin Optanisation

Mlwserasor

PROFESSIONAL

Diploova and Advanced
Ivptowa for Seftware

Developers (City & Guilds)

PERSONAL SKILLS
Creare
Attention to dete

Open minded

PERSONAL DETAILS

Gary Wine

34 Anywhere Road
Cowenny

C6 RE

T) 02476 S88 3344
Af ONST 222 9999
&

DO 1209 1985

Gary White
Web designer

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A beight, ulented, ambutious aed self-motivated web designer with « strong technical
background who possesses self <deseipline and the ability to work with the einunum
of saperyeon Able to play a key role thewughout a sites developmen to ensure
tnaximum accessibility. customer experience and esubility. A good wam player whe
thrives on creating engaging creative solutions. is deadline orientated und buts the

A qpmek Jearner who cun absorb new ideas und can communicate olearhy and
effootrvely, Currently looking for a opportumity to yom o dynamne, ambitious, grows
company and forge « carcer us a first class website demgner.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Webvite Design Company — Covensry
WEB DESIGNER June 2008 - Present

Working in @ fast paced, dyname envrromment and hemg responsible for determining
all necesary cocking requirements for a ates creation eneludeng forme, e-commerce
capebility and speciakwed senpts

Duties.

© Ongoing design and evirmenance of new and exening Websites

© Liaiving closely with @ customer or client at the desigrs stage:

© Desagring lunding pages und also eral ackinesses

© Promotion of websnes both ongenieally and using Google Adwords.

© Interacting with designers, programmers and chems

© Cresting content that converts vesthoes bo prarchasers

© Enhanemg the look, fonchonsltty and appearence of a wetvene

© Frxing problems encountered m the functioning of the website

© Designing webvites that are euey and effective be mee

© Desgoing web campangns for oniine mutiotives, edvornals emails & banners

© Building affibote white dobels websites, promotional banners & crestrve motersal.
© Testing webwntes for functionality in different browsers & at different resolution,

KY SKILLS AND OOMPTTENCIES

© PC aed Moe Iiterate

© Expenence of XHTML. CSS, laveScript, Flash areal Action Senge, Visual Basic,

© Proven experience in deagn Wwebsrtes for the online environment

© Proven trick recerd im front end design and development wing CSS and HTML.
© Technical Stille: AS3, PHP, MySQL, Adobe design products and Oresenweayer
© Expenence of managing multiple projects to tight deadlines.

© Have « track record of ngh-quality web apphostion mterfaces and design
mnplemeritat yrs,

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

BA (Hors) Web Design
Nuneaton Univervity 2005 - 2008

A levels Maths (A) English (8) Techenlogy (A) Sopence 1C)
Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005

REP ERENCES — Available on request.