Karen Philips, Web Designer DETAILS

NEW YORK, 10005, USA - 890-555-0401 9 Wall St

New York, 10005, USA
890-555-0401

email@email.com

PROFILE

DATE / PLACE OF BIRTH
Energetic Web Designer with 3 years experience creating and maintaining functional,

attractive, and responsive websites for travel companies. Clear understanding of modern 1995/20/03
technologies and best design practices. Experienced with WordPress and Drupal. Proven New York
track record of raising UX scores and customer retention.
NATIONALITY
USA

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

DRIVING LICENSE

Web Designer, Expedia Group

Full
Jan 2017 — May 2018, New York
Expedia Group is a global travel company with websites which are primarily travel fare
ageregators. As the Web Designer, my core activities included: SKILLS
e Planning site designs, functionality and navigation, along with audience funnels and data WordPress, Drupal
capture points. J |
oomida
e Building wireframes & prototypes which were then turned into functional and responsive
digital products. H IMLS, GSS, JS,
e Reviewing UX with multiple teams and making necessary edits to accommodate technical jQuery
or business concerns. Raised UX scores by 38%.
e Handling all composition, color, illustration, typography, and branding for projects. Adobe Photoshop &
Web Designer, FarePortal Itustrator
Feb 2016 — Dec 2016, New York Sketch
FarePortal is a travel technology company where the flagship product CheapOair receives over Time management
100 million visitors annually. As the Web Designer, my core activities included:
e Designing, building, and maintaining marketing email creative using data-driven responsive Deadline-driven

templates.
e Providing expertise on industry standards, best practices, and proper coding techniques to iffsctive saennvaninatoe
achieve correct rendering in all email environments.
e Performing quality assurance and troubleshooting code rendering across multiple desktop
and mobile devices. Improved customer retention by 17%. Team player
e Creating landing pages using WordPress CMS.
Energetic and inventive

Web Designer, The Points Guy
Mar 2015 — Nov 2015, New York

The Points Guy is a site devoted to helping over 5 million monthly readers stay up to date on

travel news. As the Web Designer, my core activities included:
e Creating homepage assets for both desktop & mobile experiences.
e Developing site content and graphics in partnership with writers and creative director.
Spearheaded 4 projects simultaneously.
e Designing images, audio enhancements, icons, and banners.
e Presenting concepts and ideas consistent with company branding guidelines to the creative

team.