PARKER EVERHART

212-123-12§4 | YourEmal@email.com | lnkedmn.conyCarcerReload

SUMMARY STATEMENT

Use this area for your clevator pitch to promote your awesome skills and achievements that can truly help the company
you're applying to. If you have specific number or percemtages to quantify any achievements, use them. Show why you are
uniquely qualified, instead of just saying so. Keep this section short and concise. Integrate keywords and qualifications
aligned with the company’s specific needs, You should include the most relevant, impressive information,

Multi-faceted executive with expertise in:

Digital product design - Information Architecture - Print and web design - Entertainment Operations & Management -
Marketing & Branding - Board Relations - User Experience Research - Capital Improvements

EXPERIENCE

Job Title Goes Here May 20XX- Present
Comprny, Location
In few lines before the bullet points, summarize your main responsibilities and provide information about the
organization. For your present position you can use present tense, for the rest, use past tense.

¢ Highlight your most relevant qualifications and accomplishment for the job by listing them first. IF you have

Specific numbers or percentages to quantify your accomplishments and qualifications, use them.

e Boldfacing growth percentages, dollar figures, and other key accomplishments is also a good strategy.

¢ Start your bullct points with a powerful action verb like “managed”,

e The sceret to an outstanding and great resume is to remove the pronouns (he, she, I). Pronouns are redundant

¢ Bullet points ensure that your key achievements will be seen, Avoid listing irrelevant experience,

Job Title Goes Here May 20XX- Dec 20XX
Company, Location
In few lines before the bullet points, summarize your main responsibilities using past tense and provide information about
the organization.

e Highlight your most relevant qualifications and accomplishment for the job by listing them first. If you have

specific numbers or percentages to quantify your accomplishments and qualifications, use them.

© Boldfacing growth percentages, dollar figures, and other key accomplishments ts also a good strategy

© Start your bullet points with a powerful action verb like “managed”

e Bullet points ensure that your key achievements will be seen. Keep it short and concise

EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Economies, Your University Here May 20XX
Summa cum laude, Presidents list

Contification Name, Organization May 20XX