Robert Sm ith Phone (123)456 7899

Email: (nfo@awikresume.com

Junior Web Devel oper Website : www. qwikresume, com

LinkedIn: linkedin, com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Junior Web Developer with one plus years of experience Is seeking an opportunity to extend my
web development and multimedia editing skills and knowledge.

SKILLS

HTML 5, CSS3, Javascript, |Query, PHP, Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Dreamweaver
WORK EXPERIENCE

junior Web Developer
AFI - August 2017 - September 2017

Effectively wrote clean, minimalistic, reusable, code for AFI email newsletters.

Utilized Adobe Photoshop and illustrator for the production of web-optimized images.
Updated web content (including Images, links, and text) on 4 total of 15 AFI web pages in
under a three-week span.

Understood the marketing objectives for each project assigned and ensured deadlines for
assigned projects were met,

Worked with the Director of web services to contribute to the ongoing evolution of the AFI
website,

Maintained accuracy and attention to detail throughout the creative and development
process,

Handled roultiple projects simultaneously while ensuring all projects were completed within
the deadline date,

Web/Email Developer
The Los Angeles Times - October 2016 — July 2017

Executed email marketing strategy for newsletter and enroliment campaigns;

Used HTML, CSS, and Cheetahmail for the build out and distribution of ernail newsletters and
enrollment campaigns.

Streamlined cornmunications during the reporting process to improve workflow efficiency.
A/B tested enrollment campaigns and newsletters to determine the most effective email
format and subject line,

Worked with my team to manage the workflow including the development of the email
calendar, collaborating on content, and obtaining approvals,

Worked collaboratively with developers and in-house tearn to develop and maintain websites
for a variety of clients.

Maintained the knowledge of current web-design trends and apply to current client-based
projects.

EDUCATION

Bachelors Of Science in Marketing, Emergent Digital Practices - September 2011 to June
2015(The University Of Denver - Denver, CO)

© This Free Resume Tempinte Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines