ROBERT SMITH
Web Designer

Phone: {0123)456-788 | Emad: nfo@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Problem-solving web designer successful at creating a seamless.user Improved user productivity,
discoverability and experience throughout entire product line. Seeking position with the simplicity
through Ul redesigns, Strategized ways chance to develop a company’s creative direction. to
leverage various communication channels including browser, mobile, tablet, and others.

CORE COMPETENCIES
HTML, CSS, Javascript.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Web Designer
Rhema - April 2014 ~ 2019

Key Deliverables:

» Responsbie for content desion Samp: maintenance of all web presence, social media, a-
commerce and email marketing,

* Responsible for implementation of full website build outs &amp; mockups,

* Light HTML’CSS coding and making sure online presence complies with applicable
standards and is compatible with ail major browsers.

» Planed, designed, developed, tested, edited, maintained; and documented iook and flow of
Websites, social media accounts.and email campaigns.

* Interviewed clienis ta help them clarity their goals for establishing a website.

« Stayed current with industry trends for web stiles, e-commerce with respect to design, user
friendliness and database driven applications.

» Worked ina team environment with writers, editors, graphic designers, video producers
and code developers.

Web Designer
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

=» Created graphics, layouts; HTML, and CSS code for multiple EAA wab sites.

» Ran usability testing with AirVenture attendees to cratt wireframes and UX changes to EAA
web site projects,

* Worked with internal merchandising dapartment to create phatos and graphics for twice
monthly email campaigns,

* Worked with social media manager to create shareable graphics for Facebook, Twitter, and
Instagram,

» Worked with Business Development department to facilitate twice- yearly online auctions
through eBay tor EAA programs,

» Administered online surveys for five intemal departments through ZipSurvey and
Survey Monkey.

$$
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines