RICHARD WILLIAMSON

Web Developer

Dayjob.com, 120 Vyse Street
An accomplished individual with 2 strong background in JavaScript, 0123496 7850
HTML and CSS. Richard strongly beSieves in the power of the Internet, ; 7
and has an intense desire to learn how to improve the webs abrolute info@dayjob.com
core functionality, and to also be involved in its future development. He Unkedin.com/yournsme

also has good understand af the latest programming tricks.
it c =e = Facebook com/yourname

Experience Education

WEB DEVELOPER Company name University name 2009 -— 12
Responsible for working closely with the product Course details
management team to organise the web presence of Module:
clients, and to develop rich user interfaces for then. Details
Designing. coding and testing of Java Applications.
College name

Keyword research and competitor analysis. PERSE

Proofreading and copyediting content for websites. Subj

Monitoring website and platform performance. Details

Writing up status reports for senior managers.

Overseeing the hasting environment for websites. ——
Course detaits
WEB DEVELOPER Company name English (A)
Working in a fast paced environment and producing a Maths (5)
high volume of websites. Responsible for developing Physics (C)
websites that give users a seamless and rich Internet Geography (D}
experience, and for being the first point of contact. Subject (D)

= Specifying system changes to improve websites.
= Meeting daily with customers and end users.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name A

performance. Researching new technologies, software c z
Packages and hardware products . Advising custorners Creating user friendly websites.
and clients on the limétations of systems and websites. Comfortable kine on Mac OS.

WEB DEVELOPER Using Photoshop and MBustrstor.

Making suggestions for improvements in technology, Maintaining high standards.
content and user interaction. Testing 2 website before "

it goes live top identify any problems. Designing and Experience of databases/servers.
deciding on the visual layout of 2 website.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name

Changing the code, software or graphic: of existing

websites. Producing report: and statistical information References
for senior managers. Creating eye-catching and

functional digital design concepts across platforms. Available on request.