SHANE GOMEZ

WEB DEVELOPER

DETAILS

ADOUESS:

472 Rosebud Lane
San Diego, CA 27106
Unned States
PHONE

(9) 70-90%,

man
Sine gmeslZ7Ogenalicom

SKILLS

Visual Design Skills
eeeee

Knowledgabie in User
Interfece/ User Experience
eeece

Adaptability
eeece

Dotabase Management
@ecoo

Strong Leadership Skills
eeoee

Programming
eeece

Adaptability
eecee

LANGUAGES

Brazilian

PROFILE

Experienced web developer adept in all stages of advanced web development

Knowledgeable in user interface, testing, and debugging processes. Bringing forth
expertise in design, installation, testing and maintenance of web systems Equipped
with 8 diverse and promising skill-set_ Proficient in an assortment of technologies,
including Java, ASP.NET, C4, tiS. Tomcat. and Microsoft SQL Server, Able to effectively
seit-manage during independent projects, as weil as collaborate in a team setting.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Senior Web Developer, Allen Hamilton San Diego
Aug 2011 — Sep 2019
+ Planned, devetoped, tested, deployed, and maintained web applications.
+ Provided effective troubleshooting and remediation for web appiications
+ Wrote SOL statements and stored procedures.
+ Worked well independently and within a tear setting
+ Effectively vanslated client requirements into appication designs and
systems requirements.
+ Followed policies and procedures related to application methods and quality
standords at all times

Junior Web Developer, Millbank and Morrison
Aug 2008 — Jul 201

+ Worked as a productive and postive team member to design, code, test,
report, and debug operations.

+ Managed front-end and back-end development in the company’s Portfolio
Analyst, Ernployee Track, and Account Management systems.

+ Successfully identified, diagnosed, and fixed website problems, including
broken links, typographical errors, and formatting issues.

+ Helped to achieve a consistent look and visual theme across the website by
promoting uniform fonts, formatting. images, and layout

+ Worked to assess competing websites in regards to content, look, and feel.

Evaluated and becarne knowledgeabte in mew standards, technologies, and

trends in website development.

Los Angelos

EDUCATION

Master of Computer Science, University of California Los Angelos
at Los Angeles

Aug 2008 — May 2010

Bachelor of Computer Science, Pepperdine Mahibu

University
Aug 2004 — Aug 2008

BERERENC Ee