MAXINE HENDERSON

SUMMARY

A technically savvy web developer, who has multiple years of website design expertize behind her. Maxine can be a strong

driving force for improving the performance, scalability and relsebility of development projects. She has a long track record

of creating dynamic, nich and interesting web portals, and of providing long term solutions to front -end problems. She has
experience of working in leading global internet technology companies and of cornpleting challenging cient projects.

CONTACT
Dayjob.com, Vyse Street B’ham
0123 456 78906
info@dayjob.com
Facebook.com/name

Linkedin.com/name

EDUCATION

University name
Course details
Modules

College name
Course details

Subject

School name
Course details

English (A)
Maths (B)
Physics (C)
Geography (D)
Technology (E}

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

* Coding = Viruses = Servers

» Budgets

= Teamwork = Text here

« Software = Text here

= Text here

WORK EXPERIENCE

WEB DEVELOPER Companyname 2019 - Present
Responsible for developing websites, online marketing campaigns, E-
commerce solutions and ernail campaigns for a number of different
projects. Turning creative concepts into finished websites. Budding
websites that are easy to understand, navigate and use.

® Ensuring that the website complies with the company brand.

® Monitoring, maintaining and improving a website post launch.

» Travelling to client sites to work on large & complex projects.

® Creating products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name 2016 - 2019
Clearly and effectively communicating design processes, ideas, and
solutions to individual colleagues, tears and clients. Liaising with
clients in order to define the requirernents for their website.
Designing forward thinking frameworks for a range of projects.

® Veriying the work done by external third party contractors.
® Making sure visual styles are kept within brand guidelines.
= Designing and creating GUI components for the web and mobile.

WEBS DEVELOPER Company name 2015 - 2016
Responsible for the entire design process, from coding right through
to rolling out the website. interpreting a client's requirements.

® Registering web domain names and organising their hosting.
« Testing websites to ensure that they are working property.
® Taking projects from concept to finished product on my own.

WES DEVELOPER Company name 2014-2015
Responsible for launching a new website once every week, and for
Eiving esting ones 3 uplift. Handing a completed website over.

* Proof reading content to find any spelling or grammer errors.
= Contributing to social medis compaigns on 2 regutsr basis.

Available on request.

REFERENCES